A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN

THE TENTH AND ELEVENTH YEAR

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA,

1847.

LONDON:

Printed by George E. Eyre and William Spottiswoode,

PRINTERS TO THE QUEEN'S MOST EXCELLENT MAJESTY:

And published in Numbers, Price 2d. each.

By W. Benning & Co., Law Booksellers and Publishers,

43, Fleet Street.

1847.

A

TABLE

OF

The Public General Statutes passed in the Seventh Session of the Fourteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

10 & 11 VICTORIA.

I. AN Act to suspend, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Duties on the Importation of Corn. page 3

II. An Act to allow, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Importation of Corn from any Country in Foreign Ships. 3

III. An Act to suspend, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat, Buck Wheat Meal, Maize or Indian Corn, Indian Corn Meal, and Rice. 4

IV. An Act for abolishing Poundage on Chelsea Pensions. 5

V. An Act to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer. 5

VI. An Act to further encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in the United Kingdom. 11

VII. An Act for the temporary Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland. 18

VIII. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven. 25

IX. An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by way of Annuities. 28

X. An Act to render valid certain Proceedings for the Relief of Distress in Ireland, by Employment of the labouring Poor, and to indemnify those who have acted in such Proceedings. page 36

XI. An Act to explain and amend the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land by Drainage in Great Britain. 45

XII. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 49

XIII. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 106

XIV. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for constructing or regulating Markets and Fairs. 156

XV. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Gasworks for supplying Towns with Gas. 171

XVI. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts with respect to the Constitution and Regulation of Bodies of Commissioners appointed for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature. 184

XVII. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Waterworks for supplying Towns with Water. 215

XVIII. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight. 241

XIX. An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven. 246

XX. An Act to authorize the Application of certain Sums received on account of the Fees payable to the Office of Director in Chancery in Scotland towards the Payment of Debts incurred in completing the General Register House at Edinburgh. 247

XXI. An Act to regulate the Stations of Soldiers during Parliamentary Elections. 249

XXII. An Act to amend, and continue until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for making Provision for the Treatment of poor Persons afflicted with Fever in Ireland. 251

XXIII. An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs. 256

XXIV. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for the Purposes of a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland in the County of Dorset. page 258

XXV. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands, in pursuance of the Second Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 293

XXVI. An Act for enabling the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to purchase Land for Prisons in Ireland. 294

XXVII. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making and improving of Harbours, Docks, and Piers. 297

XXVIII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to County Buildings. 324

XXIX. An Act to limit the Hours of Labour of young Persons and Females in Factories. 326

XXX. An Act for extending the Period of Service of Boys in Her Majesty's Navy. 327

XXXI. An Act to make further Provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. 329

XXXII. An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland. 340

XXXIII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of poor Persons from England and Scotland. 370

XXXIV. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving Towns. 371

XXXV. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland. 429

XXXVI. An Act for allowing the Subscriptions to the Loan of Eight Millions raised in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to be paid up under Discount. 430

XXXVII. An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Army. 432

XXXVIII. An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in England and Wales. 437

XXXIX. An Act to amend an Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general System of Police, and another Act for providing for the Appointment and Election of Magistrates and Councillors for certain Burghs and Towns of Scotland. 447

XL. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for amending the Law relative to private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, page 450

XLI. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures. 450

XLII. An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties in respect of Stage Carriages, Hackney Carriages, and Railway Passengers from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise. 451

XLIII. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Provision and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums for Counties and Boroughs in England. 454

XLIV. An Act to render permanent certain Parts of the Act for amending the Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland. 458

XLV. An Act to authorize for One Year, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland in Cases of epidemic Diseases. 460

XLVI. An Act to facilitate the temporary Investment of Trust Monies in the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland. 461

XLVII. An Act to amend the Law and Practice in Scotland as to the Service of Heirs. 46

XLVIII. An Act to facilitate the Transference of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland not held in Burgage Tenure. 480

XLIX. An Act to facilitate the Transference of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland held in Burgage Tenure. 503

L. An Act to facilitate the Constitution and Transmission of Heritable Securities for Debt in Scotland, and to render the same more effectual for the Recovery of Debts. 511

LI. An Act to amend the Practice in Scotland with regard to Crown Charters and Precepts from Chancery. 518

LII. An Act for the Correction of certain Abuses which have frequently prevailed at the Elections of Representative Peers for Scotland. 532

LIII. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies. 534

LIV. An Act to amend the Act for rendering effective the Service of the Chelsea and Greenwich Out-Pensioners. page 534

LV. An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland. 537

LVI. An Act to make legal the Collection of certain Duties at Port Natal. 537

LVII. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Van Diemen's Land Company. 538

LVIII. An Act to remove Doubts as to Quakers and Jews Marriages solemnized before certain Periods. 544

LIX. An Act for amending an Act, intituled An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea. 545

LX. An Act to abolish One of the Offices of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery. 548

LXI. An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment of public Baths and Wash-houses. 548

LXII. An Act for the Establishment of Naval Prisons, and for the Prevention of Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy. 550

LXIII. An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces. 558

LXIV. An Act to suspend until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Duties on the Importation of Corn, Maize, Rice, Grain, Meal, Flour, Biscuit, and certain other similar Articles. 562

LXV. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Cemeteries. 562

LXVI. An Act for extending the Provisions of the Law respecting Threatening Letters and securing Parties with a view to extort Money. 576

LXVII. An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Offenders. 577

LXVIII. An Act to suspend until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 579

LXIX. An Act for the more effectual Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Commons. 580

LXX. An Act to amend the Law as to the School Attendance of Children employed in Print Works. page 584

LXXI. An Act to authorize Her Majesty to assent to a certain Bill of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province of Canada, for granting a Civil List to Her Majesty; and to repeal certain Parts of an Act for re-uniting the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, and for the Government of Canada. 588

LXXII. An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to Turnpike Roads in South Wales. 593

LXXIII. An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for Loans towards defraying the Expence of making certain Railways in Ireland. 599

LXXIV. An Act to provide for the Repayment of Sums due by the County of the City of Limerick for Advances of public Money for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon. 602

LXXV. An Act for the further Improvement of the Fishery Piers and Harbours of Ireland. 607

LXXVI. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Lands for the Purpose of a Harbour of Refuge at or near Holyhead in the County of Anglesea. 610

LXXVII. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as Such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor. 622

LXXVIII. An Act to amend an Act for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies. 623

LXXIX. An Act to continue for a limited Time the Provisions for summary Proceedings contained in an Act of the last Session to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and for other Purposes; and to amend the said Act. 626

LXXX. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for facilitating the Employment of the labouring Poor in the distressed Districts in Ireland, so far as relates to Compensation for Damages. 629

LXXXI. An Act to limit the Time for taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland. 634

LXXXII. An Act for the more speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders. page 638

LXXXIII. An Act for the Naturalization of Aliens. 645

LXXXIV. An Act to make Provision for the Punishment of Vagrants and Persons offending against the Laws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland. 646

LXXXV. An Act for giving further Facilities for the Transmission of Letters by Post, and for the regulating the Duties of Postage thereon, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office. 649

LXXXVI. An Act to allow until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Importation of Corn, Maize, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Meal, Flour, Biscuit, and certain other similar Articles, from any Country, in any Ships. 654

LXXXVII. An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Public Monies advanced for the Relief of Distress in Ireland by the Employment of the labouring Poor. 655

LXXXVIII. An Act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 662

LXXXIX. An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for regulating the Police of Towns. 685

XC. An Act to provide for the Execution of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland. 706

XCI. An Act to increase the Number of Trustees for the Herring Fishery, and to direct the Application of the Funds granted for the Promotion of Manufactures and Improvements, in Scotland. 712

XCII. An Act for the Protection of Mussel Fisheries in Scotland. 715

XCIII. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand right hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. 716

XCIV. An Act to amend an Act to enable Canal Companies to become Carriers upon their Canals. 717

XCV. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Protection in the Colonies of Works entitled to Copyright in the United Kingdom. 718

XCVI. An Act for better securing Trust Funds, and for the Relief of Trustees. page 720

XCVII. An Act for the Discontinuance of the Attendance of the Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery in the Public Office, and for transferring the Business of such Public Office to the Affidavit Office in Chancery. 721

XCVIII. An Act to amend the Law as to Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in England. 724

XCIX. An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland. 726

C. An Act to regulate the Superannuation Allowances of the Constabulary Force in Ireland and the Dublin Metropolitan Police. 727

CI. An Act to continue the Copyhold Commission until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 733

CII. An Act to abolish the Court of Review in Bankruptcy, and to make Alterations in the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Bankruptcy and Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors. 734

CIII. An Act to amend the Passengers Act, and to make further Provision for the Carriage of Passengers by Sea. 740

CIV. An Act to explain the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 745

CV. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts. 747

CVI. An Act to provide additional Funds for Loans for Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland, and to repeal an Act of the last Session, for authorizing a further Issue of Money in aid of Public Works of acknowledged Utility. 747

CVII. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 749

CVIII. An Act for establishing the Bishoprick of Manchester, and amending certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England. 775

CIX. An Act for the Administration of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England. 777

CX. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight. 784

CXI. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Act for the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons. page 786

CXII. An Act to promote Colonization in New Zealand, and to authorize a Loan to the New Zealand Company. 789

CXIII. An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in Scotland. 798

CXIV. An Act for improving the Harbour and Docks of Leith. 806

CXV. An Act to vary the Priorities of the Charges made on "The London Bridge Approaches Fund." 809

THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES,

10 Victoria.

CAP. I.

An Act to suspend, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Duties on the Importation of Corn.

[26th January 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

[9 & 10 Vict. c. 22.]

intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Importation of Corn, it is enacted, that there shall be levied and paid unto Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, on all Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour imported into the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man from Parts beyond the Seas, and entered for Home Consumption, until the First Day of February which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, certain Duties set forth in the Schedule to the said Act annexed: And whereas, by reason of the partial Failure of certain Crops usually forming Part of the Subsistence of the People of these Islands, it is expedient that for a Time to be limited no Duties should be levied upon the Entry for Consumption of the said Articles or any of them: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Duties on Corn, &c. suspended from the passing of this Act until 1st of September.]

That no Duties of Customs shall be chargeable upon any Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour already imported or hereafter to be imported into the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man from Parts beyond the Seas, and entered for Home Consumption, after the passing of this Act and before the First Day of September in this present Year.

CAP. II.

An Act to allow, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Importation of Corn from any Country in Foreign Ships.

[26th January 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow for a limited Time Corn, Maize, Grain, Meal, Flour, Rice, and Potatoes to be imported in any Ship or Vessel from any Country whatever,

Cap. 2, 3. Navigation. — Buck Wheat, &c. Importation. 10 Vict.

and that such Articles warehoused for Exportation only should be allowed to be entered for Home Consumption: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From the passing of this Act until the 1st of September Corn, &c. may be imported for Home Use in Vessels of any Country.]

That from and after the passing of this Act, and before the First Day of September in this present Year, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom for Home Use, from any Country, in any Ship or Vessel of any Country, however navigated, any Corn, Maize, Grain, Flour, Meal, Rice, or Potatoes, the Growth or Produce of any Country, any thing in the Law of Navigation to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[From the passing of this Act until the 1st of September Corn, &c. warehoused for Exportation may be entered for Home Consumption.]

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the said passing of this Act, until the said First Day of September inclusive in this present Year, any Corn, Maize, Grain, Flour, Meal, Rice, or Potatoes, the Growth or Produce of any Country, which may have been warehoused in the United Kingdom for Exportation only, may be entered for Home Consumption, any thing in the Law of Navigation to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act to suspend, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat, Buck Wheat Meal, Maize or Indian Corn, Indian Corn Meal, and Rice.

[23d February 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

[9 & 10 Vict. c. 23.]

intituled An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs, the several Duties therein mentioned are imposed upon the following Articles; (that is to say,) Buck Wheat, Buck Wheat Meal, Maize or Indian Corn, Indian Corn Meal, and Rice: And whereas by reason of the partial Failure of certain Crops usually forming Part of the Subsistence of the People of these Islands, it is expedient that, for a Time to be limited, no Duties should be levied upon the Entry for Consumption of the said Articles or any of them: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[From the passing of this Act until 1st of September no Duties of Customs chargeable on BuckWheat, &c.]

That no Duties of Customs shall be chargeable upon any of the aforesaid Articles already imported or hereafter to be imported into the United Kingdom, and entered for Home Consumption, after the passing of this Act, and before the First Day of September in the present Year.

1847. Chelsea Pensions. — Brewing from Sugar. Cap. 4, 5. 5

CAP. IV.

An Act for abolishing Poundage on Chelsea Pensions.

[23d February 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that no Deduction should henceforth be made from the Pensions of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital on account of Poundage: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[So much of recited Acts as authorizes the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital to make Deductions from Pensions repealed.]

That so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Out-Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, as is now in force, and also so much of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Provisions with respect to the Payment of Pensions granted for Service in the Royal Artillery, Engineers, and other Military Corps under the Control of the Master General and Board of Ordnance, and with respect to Deductions hereafter to be made from Pensions granted by the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, as authorizes the Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital to make any Deduction from Pensions granted or to be granted by the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital, shall be repealed;

[All Out-Pensions to be paid free from Deduction.]

and that all Out-Pensions of Chelsea Hospital due from and after the First Day of April next shall be paid free from any Charge or Deduction whatever on account of Poundage, and all such Out-Pensions shall continue to be paid in advance, either quarterly, monthly, or weekly, as the Secretary at War for the Time being shall consider most expedient for the Interest of the said Pensioners and the Advantage of the Public:

[Nothing to give Claim to Deductions made before the passing of this Act.]

Provided always, that nothing in this or any former Act contained shall be deemed to give any Claim whatever to any Person on account of Poundage deducted from any Pension, before the passing of this Act, or to the Executors, Administrators, or other personal Representatives of any deceased Pensioner, for any Balance of Pension due to him other than what may have accrued during his Lifetime or in the Quarter of the Year in which he died, and may not have been previously paid.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. V.

An Act to allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing of Beer.

[23d February 1847.]

WHEREAS by several Acts now in force Brewers of Beer for Sale are prohibited from using Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer: And whereas it is expedient to

6 Cap. 5. Brewing from Sugar. 10 Vict.

allow the Use of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Brewers of Beer for Sale may make use of Sugar in brewing.]

That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for any Brewer of Beer for Sale to make use of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

[Brewers not allowed to use Molasses or any Sugar except in the State in which it has been imported.]

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to allow any Brewer of Beer for Sale to make use of any Molasses in the brewing or making; of Beer, or any Sugar other than Sugar on which the fall Duties of Customs have been paid, and in the State in which the same has been imported into this Kingdom, and without the same having been previously diluted with Water or other Liquor, or having undergone any Process or Manufacture to alter the same:

[Proviso.]

Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prevent any such Brewer from making use, in the brewing and making of Beer, of Beer Colouring made from Sugar under the Regulations after mentioned, or of Refined Sugar, or of Sugar Candy, or of Bastard Sugar, on which the fall Duties of Customs have been paid, or which have been manufactured in the United Kingdom from Materials on which the Duty of Customs has been paid, and which arc respectively entitled to the Drawbacks thereon granted oh Exportation.

[Penalty on Brewers making use of any other Sugar than as aforesaid, or taking into his Possession any Molasses, Honey, &c.]

III. And be it enacted, That if any Brewer of Beer for Sale after the passing of this Act makes use of any Molasses, Sugar, Honey, Syrup, Composition or Extract of Sugar, except Sugar on which the Duty of Customs has been paid as aforesaid, and made use of in the Manner herein-before allowed, (except Beer Colouring made from Sugar under the Regulations after mentioned, or Refined Sugar, or Sugar Candy, or Bastard Sugar as aforesaid), or if any such Brewer deceives or takes Into his Custody or Possession any Quantity of Molasses, Honey, Syrup, Composition or Extract of Sugar (except as aforesaid), every such Brewer shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence respectively the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

[Brewers may prepare and make for their own Use on their entered Premises Beer Colouring from Sugar and use it in brewing.]

IV. And be it enacted, That every Brewer bf Beer for Sale may prepare and make for his own Use in some Part of his Brewery of entered Premises, from any Sugar allowed to be made use of by him in the brewing or making of Beer as aforesaid, a Liquor or other Preparation for darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer, and may nave the same in his Custody and Possession and use it in brewing, by mixing with or putting the same into Worts or Beer, under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Excise may in that Behalf direct, any thing in an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third,

[56 G. 3. c. 58.]

intituled An Act to repeal an

1847. Brewing from Sugar. Cap. 5. 7

Act made in the Fifty-first Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter, or an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

[7 & 8 G. 4. c. 52.]

intituled An Act to consolidate and amend certain Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, and for amending the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, and to the Allowance in respect of the Malt Duty on Spirits made in Scotland and Ireland from Malt only, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding;

[Penalty on Brewers making Colouring other than as allowed by this Act and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 90.]

but if any such Brewer prepares or makes any Liquor or Preparation for darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer from any other Ingredient or Ingredients than as aforesaid in whole or in part, or in any other Manner than as aforesaid, or receives or has in his Custody or Possession, or uses in brewing, any Liquor or Preparation for darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer prepared or made by any other Person (except roasted Malt prepared, received, and used as directed by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to provide Regulations for preparing and using roasted Malt in colouring Beer), or otherwise in any other respect than as aforesaid, every such Brewer so offending shall incur the respective Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Two first-recited Acts contained and imposed for and in respect of Brewers receiving into or having in their Custody or Possession, or making or using in brewing, or mixing with or putting into Worts or Beer, any Liquor, Material, or Preparation for the Purpose of darkening the Colour of Worts or Beer; and the said recited Acts, and the several Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, so far as the same are now in force and are not contrary to or expressly provided for by this Act, shall remain and continue in force to all Intents and Purposes.

[Brewers using Sugar to enter in the Book delivered by the Excise the Quantity of Sugar intended to be used in the next Brewing.]

V. And be it enacted, That every Brewer of Beer for Sale who makes use of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer as aforesaid shall enter or cause to be entered in the Book which by the respective Laws now in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively is directed to be delivered to him by the proper Officer of Excise for the Purpose of his entering therein, amongst other things, the Quantity in Bushels of Malt which he uses in the brewing of Beer, or intends to use in his next Brewing, the Quantity in Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar which he intends to use in his next Brewing, together with the Day when such Brewing is intended to be made, and such Entry shall be so made before any Part of such Sugar is used, or any Water or other Liquor put to or mixed therewith; and every such Brewer shall at the Time of making such Entry write or cause to be written in such Book or Paper the Date when such Entry is made;

[Penalty on refusing or neglecting to make such Entry, &c. 2000l.]

and if any such Brewer refuses or neglects to make such Entry as aforesaid, or cancels, obliterates, or alters any such Entry, or uses or puts to or mixes any Sugar with Water or other Liquor before such Entry is made

8 Cap. 5. Brewing from Sugar. 10 Vict.

as aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

[Brewers using Sugar to pay their Licence Duty in proportion to Quantity used.]

VI. And be it enacted, That every Brewer of Beer for Sale who makes use of Sugar in the brewing or making of Beer as aforesaid shall, for the Purpose of fixing and regulating the Rate and Amount of Duty to be paid by such Brewer for the Licence to be taken out by him under an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

[6 G. 4. c. 81.]

intituled An Act to repeal several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences, be deemed to have brewed One Barrel of Beer for every Fifty Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar used by such Brewer in brewing, and shall for every Licence to be taken out by him as a Brewer of Beer for Sale pay such Amount of Duty, according to the Rate by the said Act imposed on Brewers of Beer only for Sale, as is correspondent to the Quantity of Beer which he shall be deemed to have brewed as aforesaid.

[After passing of this Act Drawback granted by 11 G. 4. & 1 W. 4. c. 51. repealed, and new Drawbacks granted.]

VII. And whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal certain of the Duties on Cider in the United Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto, a certain Drawback of Excise is granted for and in respect of Beer brewed or made in the United Kingdom, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts as Merchandize; be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Drawback shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly, and that in lieu thereof there shall be granted and paid for and upon every Barrel of Thirty-six Gallons, and so in proportion for any greater Quantity of Beer brewed or made by any entered and licensed Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom, in the brewing of which Beer the Worts used before Fermentation were of not less Specific Gravity than

---

1*054, and not greater Specific Gravity than 1*081, and which Beer shall be duly exported from any Part of the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, a Drawback of Five Shillings and Five per Centum thereon; and for and upon every Barrel of Thirty-six Gallons, and so in proportion for any greater Quantity of Beer brewed or made by any entered and licensed Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom, in the brewing of which Beer the Worts used before Fermentation were of not less Specific Gravity than 1*081, and which Beer shall be duly exported from any Port of the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, a Drawback of Seven Shillings and Sixpence and Five per Centum thereon.

[So much of 11G.4.&1W.4. c. 51. as authorizes the Export of Beer of cer-

VIII. And whereas by the said last-recited Act it was enacted," that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to export and ship as Merchandize from any Port of the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts any Beer or Ale

1847/ Brewing from Sugar; Cap. 5.

brewed or made by any entered and licensed Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom, such Beer or Ale being in Casks of not less than Thirty-six Gallons, and in the brewing whereof not less than Two Bushels of Malt shall have been used to every Thirty-six Gallons of such Beer or Ale be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as is recited shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly; and that from and after the passing of this Act any Person may export and ship as Merchandize from any Port in the United Kingdom to Foreign Parts any Beer brewed or made by any entered and licensed Brewer of Beer for Sale in the United Kingdom, such Beer being in not less Quantity at one Time than Thirty-six Gallons, and haying been brewed or made from Worts of not less Specific Gravity than 1*054, or of not less Specific Gravity than 1 *081, according as tlje same shall be specified in the Notice of Shipment required to be given by the said last-recited Act; and upon such Notice being duly certified as is in the said Act mentioned a Debenture expressing the Quantity of Beer so shipped, and the Amount of Drawback payable in respect thereof, shall be made out and delivered to the Person exporting the said Beer as by the said Act is in that Behalf directed.

IX. And whereas by the said last-recited Act it is enacted, that before any such Debenture shall be paid the Exporter of the Beer or Ale therein mentioned, or his principal Clerk or Manager, together with the Brewer thereof, or his Foreman or Manager, shall moke Oath otf the said Debenture before the said Export Surveyor, or Officer of Excise acting as such, that the said Quantity of Beer or Ale was put on board the Ship and exported therein as Merchandize to be sent beyond the Seas, and no Part thereof for the Ship's Use, and that accord-4- jag to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief th£ same has been brewed wholly from Malt which has been charged with and paid the Duty of Two Shillings and Seven-pence for every Bushel thereof, and shall also specify in such Oath the Time when and the Place whore, and the Brewer, being an entered and licensed Brewer for Sale, by whom such Beer or Ale was brewed, and that the Quantity of Malt employed in the brewing of such Beer was in the Proportion of not less than Two Bushels Imperial Standard Bushel Measure for every Thirty-six Gallons thereof; and if any such Oath shall be found to be false or untrue in any Particular or Respect, the Person making the false or untrue Statement shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Debenture on which the same shall be made shall be and become null and void, and, if unpaid, Payment thereof shall be withheld, 4 or, if paid, the Amount thereof shall and may be recovered back in the same Manner and by the same Means and Methods as any Duty of Excise or Penalty may be sued for and recovered under any Law or Laws of Excise;"' be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the said Act as is above recited shall be repealed, and the same is hereby repealed accordingly.

9

tain Strength in Casks of 36 Gallons, repealed.

After passing of this Act Beer may be exported on Drawback according to the Specific G rarity of the Worts used and specified iu Notice of Shipment.

So much of 11 G.4. A 1 W.4. c. 51. as requires Oath to be made on Debenture for obtaining Drawback, repealed.

Declaration to be made by Exporter, he. on Debenture for obtaining Drawback.

Penalty on making false Declaration 200L, and the Debenture to be void.

The Drawbacks

by this Act granted to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and the Excise Laws respecting Exportation on Drawback.

Cap. 5.

Brewing from Sugar.

10 VICT *

X. And be it enacted, That before any such Debenture as is in the said last-mentioned Act or this Act mentioned shall be paid the Exporter of the Beer therein mentioned, or his principal Clerk or Manager, together with the Brewer thereof, or his Foreman or Manager, shall make and subscribe a Declaration on the said Debenture before the Excise Export Surveyor, or Officer acting as such, that the Quantity of Beer therein mentioned was put on board the Ship and exported therein as Merchandize to be sent beyond the Seas, and no Part thereof for the Ship's Use, and that according to the best of his and their Knowledge and Belief the same had been brewed or made from Malt or Sugar, or Malt and Sugar, on which the full Duties of Excise and Customs respectively had been charged or paid, and shall also specify in suen Declaration the Time when and the Place where, and the Brewer, being an entered and licensed Brewer of Beer for Sale, by whom such Beer was made, and, if Five Shillings and Five per Centum per Barrel or on every Thirty-six Gallons of the Beer so exported be the Drawback claimed, that the Specific Gravity of the Worts before Fermentation from which such Beer was brewed was not less than 1*054, and, if Seven Shillings and Sixpence and Five per Centum per Barrel or on every Thirty-six Gallons of the Beer so exported be the Drawback claimed, that the Specific Gravity of the Worts from which such Beer was brewed was not less than 1*081, such Specific Gravities being for the Purposes of this Act taken and ascertained by the Saccharometer, or such other Instrument and by such Means as the Commissioners of Excise may direct. Water being taken for that Puiv pose as 1*000 at the Temperature of Sixty Degrees by Fahrenheits Thermometer; and if any such Declaration is false or untrue in any Particular or Respect, the Person making such false or untrue Statement shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Debenture on which the same has been made shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, and, if unpaid, Payment thereof shall be withheld, or, if paid, the Amount thereof may be recovered in the same Manner, and by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Duty of Excise or Penalty may be sued for and recovered under any Laws of Excise.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Drawbacks by this Act granted shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, and the several Provisions, Regulations, and Enactments of the said last-recited Act, except so far as the same are repealed or altered by this Act, and all Laws, Clauses, Enactments, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in force relating to the Export of any exciseable Goods or Commodities on Drawback, shall, as far as the same are applicable, extend and apply and be deemed and construed to extend and apply to the Exportation of Beer under the Authority of this Act, and shall be observed, enforced, and put into execution with respect to such Exportation and the Payment of the Drawbacks by this Act granted as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this

7 Act;

11

Act; and all Penalties by this Act imposed shall be sued for, Recovery of mitigated, recovered, distributed, and applied as any other Penalti*a" Penalties under the Laws of Excise.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of amended» Parliament

CAP. VL

An Act to further encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in the United Kingdom.

[23d February 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of 6G.4. c.so. 4 Spirits distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling,

rectifying, or compounding suck Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof and to pro* c vide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the warehousing of such Spirits,

without Payment of Duty for Exportation, in which Act certain %

4 Clauses, Provisions, and Regulations are contained relating to the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar, which Clauses, Provisions, and Regulations apply only to England under the said Act; but by the same Act any licensed Distiller in Scotland or Ireland may distil Spirits from Sugar only, under the like Rules and Regulations as are contained in a certain Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits 4 G.4. c. 94. 4 distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits, and to provide for the r better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty, except as in the said first-recited Act is in that Behalf enacted: And whereas it is advisable further to encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in the United Kingdom :f Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Clauses, Provisions, and Regulations, and the Penalties and Forfeitures therein contained, in the said flrst-recited Act, which relate to the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar, and apply to England only, shall extend and be applied to the Distillation of Spirits from SngaT in Scotland and Ireland, and shall be established, observed, executed, and put in force in and throughout Scotland and Ireland respectively, and in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said first-recited Act had in such respects been originally extended to the United Kingdom, any thing in the said Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:

Certain Provisions, &c. of 6G.4. c, 80. respecting the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar, which apply to England only, extended to Scotland and Ireland.

Nothing to alter Provision as to distilling Spirits from Sugar only in Scotland or Ireland.

No Sugar to be received by Distillers except from the Customs Warehouse, and in same State as when cleared on Payment of Duty.

Such Sugar to be accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer of Customs.

Distiller using Sugar to provide a secure Storehouse at his Distillery, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, in which all Sugar received by him shall be deposited and secured under Lock of the proper Officer.

No Sugar to be removed out of such Storehouse except in the Presence of an Officer of Excise.

Cap. 6. Distillation from Sugar. 10 Vict.

ing: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall be deemed or construed to repeal or alter the Clause, Provision, and Regulation in the said Act of the Sixth Year aforesaid respecting licensed Distillers in Scotland or Ireland distilling Spirits from Sugar only, which shall be and continue in force in and throughout Scotland and Ireland respectively.

II. And be it enacted, That no Distiller of Spirits using Sugar for the Distillation of Spirits shall receive into his Custody or Possession any such Sugar except from the Warehouse in which the same was warehoused under the Laws and Regulations of the Customs, and in the same State and the same Hogsheads, Casks, Bags, or Packages, with the same Marks and Numbers thereon, in which the same was cleared and delivered from such Warehouse on Payment of the Duty; and all such Sugar shall be accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer of Customs, setting forth the Name of the Warehouse or Place from which the Sugar has been removed, and the Name of the Distillery and Distiller where and to whom the same is to be carried, and the Kind or Quality of such Sugar, and the Number of Hogsheads, Casks, Bags, and Packages in which the same is contained, together with the Marks and Numbers thereon respectively, with the Tare and Net Weight of each, and the Amount and Rate of Duty paid on such Sugar, together with the Date of such Payment; and every Distiller who receives into his Custody or Possession any Sugar for the Distillation of Spirits, except as aforesaid, or without the same being accompanied with such Certificate as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such Sugar shall be forfeited.

III. And be it enacted, That every Distiller intending to use Sugar in the Distillation of Spirits shall provide and keep a convenient and secure Storehouse or Room at his Distillery, which shall have sufficient Light, and shall be dry, and approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, fop the Purpose of depositing, storing, and securing therein all Sugar received by him for the Distillation of Spirits; and such Storehouse or Room, when so approved of, shall be specially entered by such Distiller for the Purpose aforesaid, and the proper Collector or Supervisor of the District shall provide and affix proper Locks and Fastenings thereto, at the Expence of such Distiller, who may, if he please, affix other Locks and Fastenings thereto, the Keys of which last-mentioned Locks may be kept by him; and no such Storehouse or Room shall have more than One Door or Means of Entrance or Outlet, to be under such Locks and Fastenings as aforesaid; and in such Storehouse or Room every such Distiller shall keep all Sugar received by him as aforesaid, to bp deposited therein in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, and on such Notice as after mentioned; and no such Sugar shall be delivered or removed out of any such Storehouse or Room except in the Presence of an Officer of Excise, and on such Notice as after mentioned, and except for the Purpose of being conveyed immediately to the Mash Tun, to be there <lissolved 9 and

13

Distillation from Sugar. Cap. 6.

and used in the Manufacture of Spirits; and if any such Distiller refuses or neglects to provide and keep such Storehouse or Room, or to make Entry thereof as aforesaid, or refuses or neglects to pay for any Lock, Key, or Fastening for securing the same, provided and fixed by such Collector or Supervisor as aforesaid, or obtains Admission or Entrance thereto, or has the Means of so doing, or deposits any Sugar therein or removes any Sugar therefrom, except in the Presence of and upon due.

Notice to the proper Officer of Excise, and except for such Purpose as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall for every such Penalty. Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all Sugar deposited or removed contrary thereto shall be forfeited.

IV. And be it enacted, That etery Distiller using Sugar for Distiller, before the Distillation of Spirits shall, before receiving any such

Sugar, give Twelve Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer houm Notice0 surveying his Distillery of the Time of Arrival of such1 Sugar; to the Officer amd every such Distiller shall, on the Attendance of the Officer on such Notice, produce to him all the Sugar received by him, shall, o^tfend-iiythe same State and in the came Hogsheads, Casks, Bags, or ance of the Packages, with, the same Marks and Numbers thefeoh, as the p^uce same were cleared and delivered from the Customs Warehouse the same^te on Payment of Duty; and $uch Distiller shall at the tame as received, with. Time deliver up to such* Officer the Certificate which acoam- offfow

panied such Sugar; and such Officer, after due Examination shan weigh, &c. thereof shall weigh and take account of all such Sugar, and on all such Sugar, being satisfied therewith shall permit and suffer such Distiller to an^, fi^en deposit the same in the locked-up Storehouse or Rooin before mentioned; and if any such Distiller receiving any such Sugar deposited in the fails to give such Notice or produce such Sugar, or deliver up Storehouse, such Certificate as aforesaid, or makes any Alteration in the Quantity or Quality of such Sugar, or in the Hogsheads, Cades,

Bags, or Packages containing the same, or in the Marks or Numbers thereon, from what the same respectively were when such Sugar was cleared and delivered from the Customs Warehouse, and before such Officer as aforesaid has weighed and taken an Account of the same, and deposited the same in the Storehouse or Room as aforesaid, every such Distiller so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such *

Sugar shall be forfeited.

V. And, be it enacted, That when any Distiller using Sugar six Hours in the Distillation of Spirits is desirous of taking or removing

any Sugar out of such Storehouse or Room as aforesaid, for the fj^er by lhe Purpose of the same being conveyed to the Mash Tun, to be Distiller before there dissolved and used in the Manufacture of Spirits, such amoving Sugar Distiller shall give Six Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer house to the" surveying his Distillery of the Time when and the Quantity of Mash Tun. Sugar which he is desirous of removing as aforesaid; and every guejh Officer receiving such Notice shall attend in pursuance thereof at the Time therein mentioned, and shall unlock the Storehouse or Room from which such Sugar is to be removed, and shall see weighed out therefrom the Quantity of Sugar expressed in such Notice, and all such Sugar shall then be con veved

16 Cap. 6. Distillation from Sugar. 10 Vict.

appears by the Stock Account kept by such Officer of the Sugar in such Storehouse or Room as aforesaid to have been' removed therefrom for the Purpose of being conveyed to the Mash Tun, to be used in the Distillation of Spirits during such Period, and of the Quantity of Proof* Spirits with which such Distiller hais been charged with Duty for or in respect of such Wort or Wash as aforesaid; and every such Distiller, or the principal Manager of his Distillery, shall make and subscribe a Declaration to the Truth of the Account so delivered by him as aforesaid, in the Form or to the Effect following:

J A.B.f [Distiller, or principal Manager of the Distillery of

C.D., as the Case may fc,] do solemnly declare, That within the brewing Period commencing on the Day of

and ending on the Day of both inclusive, there

were actually removed from my locked-up Storehouse or Room situate at Distillery, and conveyed to the Mash

Tun at the said Distillery, the Quantity of Pounds

Weight of Sugar, and no more, and that within the said

Period there were actually dissolved and used in the Distillation of Spirits Pounds Weight of Sugar, and no more,

and that all the Duties of Customs on the whole of the Sugar so dissolved and used were duly paid, and that no other Materials whatsoever were mixed therewith, or mashed or

used in the said Distillery during the said Period, and that all the Spirits produced from such Sugar have been duly brought to Charge, and charged with Duty by the proper Officer. '

And if such Declaration shall be defective or untrue in any Particular, the Distiller by whom or on whose Behalf such Declaration has been made shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

The Collector,

X. And be it enacted, That the Collector of Excise who ^LiTAccount rece've8 s^h Account and Declaration thereto, and the Return and Declaration, in Writing aforesaid, shall, on being satisfied therewith, pay or to pay the allow to such Distiller, in such Manner as the Commissioners of wovidedThe Excise may direct, a Sum after the Rate of Twelve Shillings

Quantity of and Ten-pence for every Eleven Gallons and One Half of

Sugar used be a Gallon of Proof Spirits, in respect of which such Distiller has fb^ever^ri^11 ^>Cen charged with Duty during the Period comprised in such Gallons of Spi- Accounts; provided it appears from the Return in Writing riu; but if less, aforesaid that One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Avoir-then is*. ioi dupois of Sugar have been removed from such Storehouse or

per LwL on the o _ .

Quantity of Room to be conveyed to the Mash Tun for every Eleven

Sugar actually Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of Proof Spirits charged

removed. with Duty in such Period; but if it appear by such Return in

Writing that a less Quantity than One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Sugar for every Eleven Gallons and One Half of a Gallon of Proof Spirits charged with' Duty during such Period has been removed as aforesaid, such Collector shall pay or allow such Distiller as aforesaid a Sum after the Rate of Twelve Shillings and Ten-pence for every Hundred Weight only of the Quantity of Sugar actually removed, as appears by such Return in Writing as aforesaid: Provided also,

that

and to make Declaration thereto.

Penalty on making false Declaration.

1?

Cap. 6.

that in case any such Distiller has been charged with or owes any Duty or Duties, or is liable to the Payment of any Penalty or Penalties adjudged against such Distiller for any Offence against this Act, or any other Act relating to the Revenue of Excise, such Collector may from Time to Time apply the Amount of every such Allowance, or a sufficient Part thereof, in satisfaction of such Duty or Duties, Penalty or Penalties, or any of them.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Clauses, Enactments, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said first-recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth shall, so far as the same are not contrary to the Regulations of this Act, extend and apply, and be deemed and construed to extend and apjdy, os far as the same ore applicable, to the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar only under this Act in England, as fully and in such and the like Manner as if the said first-recited Act had in such respects been Part of this Act; and all Duties now by Law imposed for or upon Spirits distilled in England shall be charged, levied, collected, and paid for and upon Spirits distilled in England under this Act and the said first-recited Act, at the same Rates and in like Manner as such Duties are now by Law imposed for and upon Sprits distilled in England; and all Clauses, Enactments, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said second-recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty shall, so far as the same are not contrary to the Regulations of this Act, extend and apply, and be deemed and construed to extend and apply, as far as the same are applicable, to the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar only under this Act in Scotland and Ireland respectively, as fully and in such and the like Manner as if the said second-recited Act had in such respects as last aforesaid respectively been Part of this Act; and all Duties as the same are now respectively by Law imposed for and upon Spirits distilled fn Scotland and Ireland respectively, or for and upon such Spirits respectively on Removal to England, or on Removal from Ireland to Scotland, shall be charged, levied, collected, and paid for and upon Spirits distilled in Scotland and Ireland respectively under this Act and the said second-recited Act at the same Rates respectively, and in like Manner, as such Duties respectively are now by Law imposed for and upon Spirits distilled in Scotland and Ireland respectively, and for and upon auch Spirits respectively on Removal to England, or on Removal from Ireland to Scotland; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed shall be sued for, mitigated, recovered, distributed, and applied as any Penalties and Forfeitures under the Laws of Excise.

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

If the Distiller owes Duties or Penalties, the same may be deducted from the Allowance.

So much of Regulations, &c. of 6 G. 4. c. SO. shall be applied to this Act as respects the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in England.

So much of Regulalions, &c. of 4 G. 4. c. 94. shall be applied to this Act as respects the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in Scotland and Ireland.

Act may be amended, Ac.

B

Cap. 7.

Destitute Persons (Ireland).

10 Vict.

9A10 Vict.

c. 107.

Relief Commissioners, ap-pomted by the Ixjrd Lieutenant, to super intend the Execution of this Act, to appoint Officers, and to pay Salaries,

See. when sanctioned by the Treasury.

Appointment of Relief Commissioners, &c. to be published in the Gazette.

Relief Committees to be formed under Orders from the Ivord Lieu tenant.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the temporary Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland.

[26th February 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to facilitate the Employment of the labouring Poor for a limited Period in the distressed Districts in Ireland; but by reason of the great Increase of Destitution sufficient Relief cannot be given according to the Provisions of the said Act, and it is necessary to make further Provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland for a

limited Time: And whereas the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland has appointed certain Persons, by the Title of Commissioners for Relief of Destitution in Ireland: Be it enacted by thp Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commissioners, herein-after called Relief Commissioners, or such Persons as shall be hereafter from Time to Time appointed by the Lord Lieutenant to act as such Relief Commissioners, shall have Authority to superintend tho Execution of this Act, and shall appoint, subject to the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, a sufficient Number of Persons to be Inspectors, for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned, and also a Secretary, and such Officers and Servants as shall be necessary for the due Execution of this Act, and may from Time to Time, at their Pleasure, remove any Inspector, Secretary, Officer, or Servant so appointed, and may pay and allow to such Inspectors, Secretary, Officers, and Servants such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances, and defray such other Expences necessarily incurred in the Execution of this Act, as shall be from Time to Time sanctioned by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

II. And be it enacted, That the Names of the Persons already appointed Relief Commissioners shall be published in the Dublin Gazette before they begin to act in the Execution of this Act; and whenever any Person shall be hereafter appointed, or shall cease to be a Relief Commissioner or Inspector, Notice thereof shall in each Case be published in the Dublin Gazette.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to give Orders for the Constitution of a Relief Committee in any One or more Electoral Divisions of an Union formed for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland in which it shall appear to him that this Act should be put in force, and such Relief Committee shall be constituted of such Persons or in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant, by any General Order or Orders to be from Time to Time published in the Dublin Gazette, or by any Special Order applicable to the

peculiar

1847.

19

Destitute Persons (Ireland). Cap. 7.

peculiar Circumstances of any One or more such Unions or Electoral Divisions, and to be published in the Dublin Gazette, shall from Time to Time direct: Provided always, that the Justices, resident in such Electoral Divisions, if any, and the Guardian or Guardians of the Poor elected for such Electoral Divisions and one of the Inspectors to be appointed as aforesaid by the Relief Commissioners, shall in every Cose be constituted Members of such Relief Committee: Provided also, that no Relief Committee constituted under this Act shall be continued after the First Day of November in this Year, unless for the Purpose of settling and closing their Accounts.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Relief Committee or Finance Committee constituted under this Act shall appoint so many Assistants and Servants, and at such Salaries and Allowances, as shall be sanctioned by the Relief Commissioners, on the Report and Recommendation of the Inspector who is upon such Committee, and all such Salaries and Allowances shall be a Charge upon the Rates to be made and levied for the Purposes of this Act.

Justices, Guardians, &c. to be Members of such Committee.

Relief Committee discontinued after Nor. 1.

Power to Relief and Finance Committees to appoint Assistants, &c. Salaries, &c. to be charged upon the Rates.

V. And be it enacted, That whenever this Act shall be put Inspectors of in force in any such Union the Relief Commissioners gnall £, n^snjDj)Ivi appoint an Inspector to act for such Union, who shall be sioJ£ to lie ftp-deemed to be also the Inspector for each Electoral Division of pointed by such Union, unless it shall appear expedient to the Lord Lieu- R?Il.of Com-tenant that an Inspector shall be appointed to act specially for m, si, uners-any One or more such Electoral Divisions, in which Case such Appointment shall be made accordingly.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord kicur Lieutenant of Ireland, in every Case in which. it shall appear to him expedient, to appoint, in every Union in which this Act Committee* in shall be in force, a Finance Committee, which shall consist of every Union in the Inspector to be appointed as aforesaid by the Relief Commissioners for such Union, and of such Justices resident in the Union, or Guardians elected for the Union, or such other Persons as the Lord Lieutenant shall think fit, not being less than Two and not more than Four Persons in addition to such Inspector, and from Time to Time to dissolve any such Finance Committee and appoint another instead thereof, or where an Inspector shall have been specially appointed for One or moro Electoral Divisions of an Union it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to appoint such Finance Committee specially for such Electoral Division or Divisions, and in such Case the Inspector to be appointed specially as aforesaid for such Electoral Division or Divisions shall be a Member of the Finance Committee ty be appointed for such Division or Divisions,

VII. And be it enacted, That in every Union in which thl* Lists of Pcrsr.n? Act shall be in force the several Relief Committees shall from Time to Time make out Lists of Persons to be relieved under and E^imatw the Provisions of this Act within each Electoral Division for to be prepared which they severally act, according to such Regulations and

R 2 Iustruc- Committees.

20

Cap. 7.

Destitute Persons (Ireland).

10 Vict.

Power to Finance Committee to examine Lists and Estimates, and amend the same if necessary.

Lord Lieutenant to issue Warrant to Guardians to defray Expences out of Monies raised under 1 & 2 Vict. c. 56.

Guardians to collect the Money required with Poor Rate *

Instructions as shall be from Time to Time issued to them for their Guidance by the said Belief Commissioners, with Estimates of the Sums which shall appear to them to be needed from Time to Time to defray the necessary Expences for the Purchase, Preparation, Distribution, or Sale of Food, and such other Belief as they shall be authorized by any such Regulations or Instructions to afford, and for providing and fitting up the necessary Buildings and Cooking Utensils, and for Payment of the Persons employed in the Purchase, Preparation, Distribution, or Sale of Food and Belief as aforesaid, and shall from Time to Time send every such List and Estimate to the Finance Committee acting for the Union or for such Electoral Division or Divisions, and shall state to the Finance Committee the Time or Times when in their Opinion any such Sum or any Part thereof will be needed.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Finance Committee shall examine such Lists and Estimates, and shall have Authority to revise and amend the same, in any Manner which shall appear to them expedient, and they or Two of them, of whom the Inspector shall be One, shall allow and sign every such amended List and Estimate, and thereupon the Inspector of the Union, or Electoral Division or Divisions, (as the Case may be,) shall report the Amount of each allowed Estimate to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and the Time or Times when any such Sum or any Part thereof will be needed, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to cause a Warrant to be issued under the Hand of his Chief Secretary, Under Secretary, or Assistant Secretary for the Amount thereof, or such Proportion thereof as the Lord Lieutenant shall approve, directed to the Guardians of the Poor for the Union to which such Electoral Division or Divisions may belong, requiring the Guardians, out of the Monies collected for defraying the Expences incurred in the Execution of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, to pay to such Person as shall be named in the Warrant to receive the same on behalf of the Finance Committee acting for such Union, Electoral Division or Divisions, within a Time or Times to be mentioned in the Warrant, the Sum of Money mentioned therein, such Sum not being greater than the Proportion of the Amount set forth in the Estimate allowed and signed as aforesaid, which shall be specified by any Regulationa to be from Time to Time made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and that the Guardians shall pay over the said Sum to the Person mentioned in any such Warrant, within the Time or Times mentioned therein.

IX. And be it enacted, rrhat the Guardians of any Union to whom any such Warrant shall be directed shall pay the Sum mentioned in the Warrant, within the Time or Times mentioned therein, out of any Monies in their Hands collected for defraying the Expences of the last-recited Act, or so much of the Sum mentioned in the Warrant as the Monies in their Hands

shall

1847. Destitute Persons (Ireland). Cap. 7. 12

shall amount to; and if there be no such Money in their Hands, or an insufficient Sum, they shall levy the Sum required as a Part of the Rates to be made and levied for defraying the Expences of the last-recited Act, and for that Purpose shall proceed in the same Manner and have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges as are provided by the Acts in force for Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland for levying Money for defraying the Expences of the last-recited Act, and from Time to Time shall pay over the Sums so collected to the Person mentioned in the Warrant; and any Rate made and levied for the Pur- Any Rate mad* looses of this Act shall be deemed a Rate made and levied for for defraying the Expences of the last-recited Act, and the same be Persons shall be liable, and the same Hereditaments rateable deemed a Rate thereunto, and all the Provisions of the Acts in force for Relief P* u?1^r5bc of the destitute Poor in Ireland shall apply to the Rates so 'recl made and levied as if they were made and levied under the Authority of the last-recited Act, and the Receipt of the Person named in the Warrant shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Guardians for the Sum so paid by them, and shall be allowed as such in auditing and passing their Accounts.

X. And be it enacted, That if the Guardians shall refuse or If Guardian* wilfully neglect to pay the Sum mentioned in any such Warrant neglect or re-out of any Monies in their Hands as aforesaid, or to procure Money autho-Payment thereof to be made by any of the Ways and Means nzedby this authorized by this Act, or, where such Monies shall be insuf- Act> 1*" ficicnt, if they shall refuse or wilfully neglect to make and levy such Rate as aforesaid, so that the Sum mentioned in the War- the Board, and rant shall not be paid to the Person mentioned in the Warrant appoint paid within the Time or Times mentioned therein, or if the said

Guardians shall fail in any respect duly and efficiently to die- into execution, charge their Duties in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed for carrying into execution the said Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, to declare such Board of Guardians to be dissolved, and thereupon to appoint such and so many paid Officers as they may think fit to carry into execution the Acts in force for the Time being for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and this Act, and from Time to Time to revoke and determine any such Appointment, and from Time to Time as they shall see fit to define and direct the Execution of the Duties of such Officers, and the Amount and Nature of the Security to be given by such of them as the last-mentioned Commissioners shall think ought to give Security, and to regulate the Amount of Salaries payable to such Officers respectively, and the Time and Mode of Payment thereof, and such Salaries shall be chargeable on and payable out of the Rates levied for the Relief of the destitute Poor of such Union, and all Officers bo appointed shall continue to hold their Offices during the Continuance of this Act, unless their Appointment shall be sooner revoked and determined by the last-mentioned Commissioners.

B 3 XI. And

After any Hate made. Notice to be given of the Amount, and when payable) Ac.

Monies to be paid to Relief Committees or expended in Purchases for them.

Cap. 7.

Destitute Persons [Ireland).

10 Vict.

Charges may

be apportioned between the Union and the Several Elec* toral Divisions, trith the Sane* tion of the Lord Lieutenant.

Inspector to certify to the Relief Commissioners the Amounts to be levied and the Sums paid.

Treasury may cause Advances to be made for enabling Relief Commissioners to grant Loans

XI. And be it enacted, That os soon as may be after making any Rate for the Purposes of this Act, the Guardians shall give Notice in One or more Newspapers usually circulating in the County of the Amount of such Rate, and of the Time when it will be payable and of the Place where the Book containing the Particulars of such Rate may be inspected by the Rate-payers.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Sums so paid over to the Person mentioned in any such Warrant on behalf of the Finance Committee of any Union, Electoral Division or Divisions, and also all Sums which shall be raised by voluntary Contributions, shall be either paid over to the Relief Committee of the Electoral Division or Divisions on account of which they were severally demanded, at such Times and in such Manner as shall be directed by any Instructions or Regulations to be from Time to Time issued to them by the Relief Commissioners^ or shall be employed by the said Finance Committee, pursuant to the like Instructions and Regulations, in procuring such Food and Necessaries as may be needed by any such Relief Committee, for enabling them most effectually to carry out the Purposes of this Act.

XM. And be it enacted, That the said Relief Commissioners, with the Sanction of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, shall be empowered from Time to Time to direct whether the whole or any Part of the Sum mentioned in any such Warrant so issued on behalf of any Electoral Division shall be borne by and charged exclusively against such Electoral Division, or whether the whole or any Part thereof shall be borne by and charged against the whole Union; and the Guardians shall charge the whole Union and the several Electoral Divisions accordingly; and in the Absence of any Directions by the said Relief Commissioners, the whole Sum for which any such Warrant shall issue on behalf of any Electoral Division shall be borne by and charged against such Electoral Division exclusively; and whenever any such Directions shall be made directing that the whole or any rart of any Sum mentioned in any such Warrant shall be charged against the whole Union, such Directions shall be tlnnexed to the Warrant and sent to the Guardians therewith.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Inspector of any such Union or Electoral Division or Divisions shall from Time to Time certify under his Hand to the Relief Commissioners the Amount oi the several Sums mentioned in such allowed Estimates, and also the several Amounts for the Levy of which the Guardians shall have proceeded toward making Rates, and the actual Amounts which shall have been paid pursuant to the said Warrants.

XV. And whereas it is expedient to give Facilities for the Advance of Money on the Credit of Rates which are in 'f course of Collection, or which are to be made be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to cause to be issued,

aa

1847. Destitute Persons (Ireland). Cap. 7. 23

aa a temporary Advance, from Time to Time, at any Time ou the Credit of before the First Day of October in this Year, as they may find necessary, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated collecting. ^v Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Imprest, to the said Relief Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, to be by them applied by way of Loan on the Security of the Rates made or to be made as herein-after provided, for the Purposes of this Act; and all such Sums of Money shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund by the said Relief Commissioners, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, from and out of the Rates to be levied in the Union on behalf of which such Loan shall have been made.

XVI. And be it enacted, That os soon as any Board of a* soon as Guardians shall have resolved on making any Rate for the Guardians shall Purposes of this Act, and the Inspector of the Union shall have o^rnnking Rate certified under his Hand to the Relief Commissioners that such Relief Commis-Resolution has been passed, and that to the best of his Belief the oners may Guardians are proceeding with all possible Despatch to make ^"crcdRot* and levy such. Rate, the Relief Commissioners may, if they the same, shall think fit, make such Loans on the Credit of the Rates so about to be made as shall be authorized by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Amount of any such As to the Loan, or any Proportion thereof which the Relief Commie- *

sioners shall think fit to advance, from Time to Time, shall be paid by the said Relief Commissioners to the Person mentioned in the Warrant to receive Money on behalf of the Finance Committee of the Union, Electoral Division or Divisions, on whose.

Behalf such Money is to be paid, to be by them applied in the Manner herein-before directed as to the Sums received under any such Warrant, and thereupon the Treasurer of the Union shall pay to the Relief Commissioners the Rates levied in such Union, except such Part as he shall be allowed to retain for the other Purposes of the Acts in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, by any Regulations to be from Time to Time made by the Relief Commissioners, until the whole Amount of the Loan, or Advances made on account of such Loan, shall be reimbursed to the said Relief Commissioners; and any Treasurer of any Union who, after Notice of any such Loan or Advance given to him in Writing under the Hand of any* One of the said Relief Commissioners, shall pay away ta any Person other than the Person appointed in and by such Notice to receive the Rates on behalf of the Relief Commissioners any Part of any Rate collected in such Union, beyond what he shall have been so allowed to retain by the Regulation* of the said Relief Commissioners, until the whole of such Loan or Advances shall have been reimbursed to the said Relief Commissioners, shall be liable to pay to the said Relief Commissioners the Sum which he shall have so wrongfully paid away;


Cap. 7.

Destitute Persons (Ireland).

10 Vict.

On Application of Relief Com *

Treasury may make Grants in aid of Rates or Contributions for the Pur-l>oses of this Act.

Rules and Regulations to be made by Relief Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

Relief to be administered subject to such Rules, &c.

Guardians, Officers, and Members of Relief Committees, &c. not to be concerned in Contracts while in Office.

and in case of Nonpayment thereof it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, on Complaint of any One of the said Inspectors, to levy the Amount so wrongfully paid away by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer; and the Receipt of the Receiver mentioned in and by such Notice shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Treasurer for so much Money as shall be paid by him to such Receiver, and shall be allowed in auditing and passing his Accounts.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That, on the Application of the Relief Commissioners, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall be empowered to cause to be issued and paid from Time to Time, os they shall find necessary, out of any Monies which may be granted for that Purpose, any Sum or Sums of Money, under such Regulations and Conditions as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fit, in aid of the Rates so to be made as aforesaid or of voluntary Contributions for the Purposes of this Act, and all such Monies shall be paid over to the Finance Committee of the Union, or Electoral Division or Divisions, on account of which it shall have been issued, and shall be applied and accounted for in like Manner as the Monies paid pursuant to any Warrant as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the said Relief Commissioners shall be authorized and required from Time to Time to make Rules and Regulations in regard to the Proceedings of any such Finance Committees and Relief Committees, and in regard to the making out the Lists of destitute Persons, the making or revising and allowing Estimates as to Relief Funds, the Mode of Application for Relief, the Mode of Inquiry into the Circumstances of the Applicants for Relief, the Description of Relief to be afforded, and whether by Gift or Sale, the Mode of granting, ordering, and giving such Relief, the keeping the Accounts thereof, the Security to be given by any Person who shall receive any Monies for the Purposes of this Act, the making of Reports, and such other Matters as the said Commissioners shall deem necessary; and the Relief to be furnished under this Act shall be administered subject to the Rules and Regulations so to be made by the said Relief Commissioners.

XX. And be it enacted, That no Guardian, paid Officer, Member of any Finance Committee or Relief Committee under this Act, or other Person in whose Hands the Collection of any Rates, Grants, Loans, or voluntary Contributions, or the providing for, ordering, Management, Control, or Direction of the Relief of the destitute Poor, under the Provisions of this Act, shall or may be placed, shall, either in his own Name or the Name of any other Person, provide, furnish, or supply for his own Profit any Materials, Goods, or Provisions for the Use of the destitute Poor under this Act, during the Time for which he or they shall retain such Appointment, nor shall be concerned for his own Profit directly or indirectly in furnishing or supplying the same, or in any Contract relating thereto, under pain of forfeit-

0 ing

1647. Destitute Per bom (/.) — Consolidated Fund. Cap. 7, 8. 2&

ing the Sum of One hundred Pounds, with full Costs of Suit to any Person who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin.

XXI. And be it enacted, That when, pursuant to any such Produce of Regulations as aforesaid, any Food or Necessaries shall have ^for^p' been sold under the Direction of any Relief Committee, the Purport of Monies arising from such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes this Act, «ub-of this Act by such Relief Committee, subject to such Instruo-tions and Regulations as they shall from Time to Time receive Corammioner*. in respect thereof from the said Relief Commissioners.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Warrant shall be issued No Grant or under this Act, nor shall any Grant or Loan be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in aid of any Rates Treasury after to be levied under this Act, after the First Day of October in i*t October, this Year.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in this Act the Words Interpretation " Lord Lieutenant " shall be construed to extend to any Lords of Act* Justices, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may b« repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. mmended» *

CAP. VIII.

An Act to apply the Sura of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

[18th March 1847.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto x our Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; rad do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall and There «h*u b« may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the applied for the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year Y»M847!he One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Sum of Eight the Sum of Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom s, o<», o<xx. of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her. p^J*l" Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

For

26

The Treasury may cause 8,000,000l. of Excheqtjer Blits to be made out iu manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

4&SW.4. c. 15. and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 8,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5&6 W. & M. c. 20.

Cap. 8. Consolidated Fund 10 Vict.

for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to iseue and apply the same accordingly.

TI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight Millions, and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed anfl prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer qt Westminster, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills,

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be mack out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem, upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight Millions, any thing in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages

in

Consolidated Fund.

27

Cap. 8.

in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Bil1? prepared Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby *

authorized and empowered to cause such Billa as shall be pre- delivered to pared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time the &!"M to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in sueix A&m*ice*. Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Monks raised Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply

From Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised the Servic«° by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to voted by the such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons Cotnxaoas-of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums Exchequer of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be

made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest thegrowkg1^ that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby Produce of the made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain un and Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in auoh Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which rmay have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon *

Cap. 9.

Loan.

10 Vict.

-28

CAP. IX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by way of Annuities.

[18th March 1847.]

Every Contributor of 89/. 10*. to be entitled to 100/. in the Three per Cent. Consols from 5th Jan. 1847.

Contributors who have made Deposits to pay Remainder of Subscriptions by Instalments.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous to make the necessary Provision for the Exigencies of the Public Service, have resolved that the Sum of Eight Millions be raised by Annuities in manner herein-after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Eight Millions shall for every Sum of Eighty-nine Pounds and Ten Shillings contributed and paid be entitled to the Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds in Consolidated Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the Terms and Conditions expressed in the said Resolution, several Persons have, in Books opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, subscribed together the whole of the said Sum of Eight 6 Millions to be raised by Annuities, and made Deposits of Twelve Pounds per Centum on the respective Sums by them so subscribed to the said Sum of Eight Millions to be raised by Annuities with the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may lawful to and for such Contributors who have made such Deposits with the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England (which Cashier or Cashiers is and are hereby appointed the Receiver and Receivers of such Contributions, without any other Warrant to be had in that Behalf,) to advance and pay unto the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England the several Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said Sum of Eight Millions at or before the respective Days and Times and in the Proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that Behalf, (that is to say,) the further Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the further Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centum on or before the Seventh Day of May then next following, the further Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centum on or before the Eleventh Day of June then next following, the further Sum of Twelve

Pounds

Loan.

Cap. 9*.

2 *

Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of July then next following, the further Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centum on or before the Sixth Day of August then next following, the further Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centum on or before the Third Day of September then next following, and the remaining Sum of Sixteen Pounds per Centum on or before the Fifteenth Day of October then next following.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Guardians, &c.

any Guardian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Money of

of any Infant to contribute and pay for or towards advancing Monies of the said Sum of Eight Millions to be raised by Annuities in man- Infants may ner aforesaid, and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum ^"tnnbute for or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become

a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof, in such and the like Manner as any other Contributor; and the said Guardian and Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so ns the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

IV. And be it enacted, That the several Subscribers or Con- Contributors tributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and As-

signs, in respect of the said Sum of Eight Millions, shall, in Three Founds respect of the Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds hereby per Centum, granted for every Sum of Eighty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings by ^'"b, e him, her, or them respectively advanced and paid, and so in pro- r portion for any greater or lesser Sum, have and be entitled to an Annuity after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, until Redemption by Parliament in manner herein-after mentioned; which said Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum shall be payable and paid half-yearly by even and equal Portions, (that is to say,) on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year, the first Payment thereof to be due on the Days hereinafter appointed for that Purpose,

V. And be it enacted, That as soon as any Contributors, Time at which their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall f^sfe^a have made the Payment of any Instalment on the Days specified in this Act after the Payment of the Deposit, such Contributor for every such subsequent Payment may have a proportional Amount of Stock in Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities forthwith placed in the Books of the Bank

of England to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and on Payment of the last Instalment such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have a Sum of like Stock placed to their respective Credits corresponding at the Rate aforesaid to the aggregate Amount of the Deposit and of such lost Instalment, and the Persons to whose Credit such

Principal

30

Loan.

Bank to prepare Books for enter* ing Names of Contributors, &c.

Periods for Payment of First Dividend.

Cap. 9.

10 Vice.

Principal Sums shall be so placed, their respective Executory Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persona, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England; and the stud Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Contributor^ and of placing to their Credit the Principal Sums so paid by them respectively; and that such of the said Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who shall complete the Payments of the whole Sum payable by them respectively towards the said Sum of Eight Millions at any Time before the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall have prepared their Receipts according to the Directions of this Act, shall be entitled to have the Sums so paid forthwith placed to their Credit in the Books of the Bank of England, and the said Governor and Company are hereby required to cause such Sums to be forthwith placed to the Credit of the Persons entitled to the Annuities in respect thereof in the Books of the said Bank of England, and such Entries in the said Books shall be in lieu of the Receipts hereby directed to be given for all Sums paid in manner aforesaid, and such Sums snail carry the Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, redeemable by Parliament, and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be Stock transferable according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, until Redemption thereof in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned.

VI. And be it enacted, That all and every such Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, who shall have paid into the Hands of the said Cashier or Cashiers, the whole of his, her, or their Contribution Money on or before the Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, or such Part thereof as is required to be paid in this Act on the several Days of the Ninth Day of April, Seventh Day of May, and Eleventh Day of June, shall be entitled to have and receive, on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the first Half Year's Annuity on the Stock to which they will be entitled in respect of such Payments; and that all and every Person or Persons who shall not have completed the whole of their said Payments on ot before the said Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven shall, on Completing the same within the Time in this Act prescribed, be entitled to receive, on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hun-hundred and forty-eight, the whole of One Year's Annuity on so much of the Stock to which they will be entitled in respect of their Subscription whereon a Half Year's Annuity Bhalt not have been payable on the Fifth Day of July One thousand t> eight

31

Loan.

Cap. 9;

eight hundred and forty-scten under the Provisions herein contained.

VII. And be it enacted, That all the Annuities aforesaid Annuities pay-shall be payable and paid and be transferable at the Bank of England, and shall be subject to such Redemption as is herein- Bank, after mentioned.

VIII. And be it enacted, That so much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer in England out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, os shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the Annuities to be created in respect of the said Sum of Eight Millions, together with the Charges attending the same.

IX. And be it enacted, That all the said Annuities, Interest, and Dividends which shall become payable in respect of the said Sum of Eight Millions shall be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Money to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for Payment of Annuities and Charges in respect of the said 8,000,0001;

and shall be charged upon the said Fund.

X. And for the more easy and sure Payment of all the The Bank to Annuities established by this Act, be it enacted, That the said ^nd an Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Accountant Successors, shall from Time to Time, until all the said Annui- General, and ties shall be redeemed or shall cease, appoint and employ One ordeT Money to or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the be issued to the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, Cashier for and One other sufficient Person within the same Office to be Anm^esof their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies by this Act appropriated for the Purpose as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said Annuities and other Payment? herein directed to be made out of the said Monies in respect of the said Sum of Eight Millions shall, by Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the said First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the Annuities in respect of the said Sum of Eight Millions payable by virtue of this Act; and that such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued shall from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer in Great Britain; and that the

Cashier to give Receipt for Subscriptions, which may be assigned before 15th October 1847.

Cashier to gire Security for paying the Money he receives into the Exchequer.

A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors Names, a Duplicate whereof to be transmitted to the Office of Receipt of the Exchequer.

Contributors duly paying their Subscriptions entitled to Annuities Tax-free *

Cap. 9. Loan. 10 Vict.

said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay,

XI. And be it enacted, That the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall have received or shall receive any Part of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of Eight Millions shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums; and that the Receipts so to be given shall be assignable at any Time before the Fifteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and no longer: Provided always, that such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security, to the good Liking of any Three or more of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or the said Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, for duly answering and paying into the Account of the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, as after mentioned, for the public Use, in aid of the Monies belonging to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, all the Monies which they have already received and shall hereafter receive from Time to Time of and for the whole of the said Sum of Eight Millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed, and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies, as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same in the Exchequer of Great Britain, according to the due Course thereof.

XII. And be it enacted, That in the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors shall be fairly entered, which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all seasonable Times resort to and inspect, without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, to the Office of the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain, there to remain for ever.

XIII. And be it enacted, That such Contributors duly paying in the whole Sum so subscribed at or before the respective Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy, the said Annuities by this Act granted in respect of the Sum so subscribed, out of the Monies granted and appropriated in this Session of Parliament for Payment

thereof,

Loan.

Cap. 9.

33

thereof, and shall have good and sure Interests and Estates therein, according to the several Provisions in this Act contained, and that the said Annuities shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Contributors who have already deposited with or shall hereafter pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money at the Time and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then and in every such Case the aforesaid Deposit of Twelve Pounds per Centum shall be forfeited, for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Twelve Pounds per Centum deposited, and to the Annuities of Three Pounds per Centum attending the same, shall be extinguished, any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted in respect of the said Sum of Eight Millions, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof os of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary notwithstfthditog *

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sotos of Money as shall be so paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer of Great Britain by the said Cashier or Cashiers in respect of the said Sum of Eight Millions, for any of the Purposes for which Money might be advanced or granted from the' Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland under an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Employment of the Labouring Poor for a limited Period in the distressed Districts in Ireland, or for such Services as may be voted by the Commons of the United King-dojp of Great Britain and Ireland, or as may be authorized to be paid out of the said Fund by any Act passed or that may be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

XVII. And be it enacted* That Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being, wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Sums advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of Eight Millions shall be entered and registeted, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be Bigned by the Parties

In case Contributors fail to advance the Residue of the Sums subscribed for, the Deposit of 121. to be forfeited.

Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate.

Treasury may apj)ly the Money paid into the Exchequer, for any of the Purposes for which it miht be advanced under the 9 & 10 Vict 10 Vict. c. 107. &c.

Accountant General to keep Books for entering Assignments and Transfer *

Loan.

Transfers not liable to Stamp Duties.

Treasury to defray Incidents attending Execution of this Act.

Bank may retain a certain Sum, and apply it to their own Use, for Services performed.

Annuities created under this Act to be added to and be deemed Part of the Three per Cent Consols.

Cap. 9.

10 Vict.

making such Assignments or Transfers, or, if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attomics, thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, and the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof, and that no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That out of the Monies arising from the Contributions towards raising the said Sum of Eight Millions the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the said Lord High Treasurer, for the Time being, shall have Power to discharge all such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, in such Manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to retain out of the said Contributions at the Rate of Five hundred Pounds for every Million thereof, as an Allowance for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Annuities, and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General for performing the Trusts reposed in him by this Act, which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

XX. And be it enacted, That all the Annuities to which any Person or Persons shall become entitled by virtue of this Act in respect of any Sum advanced or contributed towards the said Sum of Eight Millions shall be added to the joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England into which the several Sums carrying an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum were, by several Acts, passed in the Twenty-fifth, Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed Part of the said joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament in such Manner and upon such Notice as in the said Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty is directed in respect of the several and .respective Annuities redeemable by virtue of the said Act; and that all and every Person and Persons and Corporation whatsoever, in proportion to the Money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as

aforesaid

35

Cap. 9.

aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said joint Stock of Annuities at the Rates aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forced or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the whole of or any Part or Parts of the said Contributions towards the said Sum of Eight Millions, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof, or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited* or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forced or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for any Term not lees than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Four Years nor less than Two Years, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to abolish the Punishment of Death in Cases of Forgery.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act until the Annuities by this Act granted shall be redeemed by Parliament as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of Her Majesty's Subjects for receiving or paying the said Subscription or Contribution Monies, or any of them, or for any Receipt concerning the same, or for paying the said Annuities or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon pain that any Officer or Person offending by taking or demanding any such Fee, Reward, or Gratuity shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager

C 2 of

Punishment of Persons fimod guilty of forging or counterfeit* ing Receipts for Contributions,

tcC.

7W.4.&

1 Vict. c. 84.

Bank to continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act until the Annuities hereby granted shall be redeemed.

Penalty on taking any Fee or Gratuity for receiving Contributions or paying or transferring Annuities.

36

Persons sued may plead the General Issue *

Costs.

10 Vict. c. 107.

Cap. 9, 10. Loan, — Labouring Poor (Ireland), 10 Vict.

of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, or any more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, in his, her, or their Defence or Defences; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Prosecution, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have his, her, or their Costs awarded to him, her, or them against any such Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs.

CAP. X.

An Act render valid certain Proceedings for the Relief of Distress in Ireland, by Employment of the Labouring Poor, and to indemnify those who have acted in such Proceedings.

[18th March 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to facilitate the Employment of the Labouring Poor, for a limited Period, in the distressed Districts in Ireland, authorizing Presentments for the Execution of Public Works in Ireland: And whereas by reasem of the Increase of Distress in Ireland it became necessary to provide further Means of employing the Labouring Poor, and thereupon the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, on the Fifth Day of October last, by a certain Letter, a Copy of which is contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act, written and signed by his Direction by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, and addressed to the Chairman of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, announced that he would sanction Presentments that should be made at any Sessions held under the said Act, for Works of a re-jnroductive Character and permanent Utility, subject to the Regulations specified in the said Letter, in the same Manner as if they had been strictly Public Works, and presented as such in the Manner required by the said Act: And whereas Extraordinary Presentment Sessions have been called and held under the Provisions of the said Act, and the Justices and Cess-payers constituting such Sessions have made Presentments for various Works of a public Nature, and also for various Works of a re-productive Character and permanent Utility: And whereas in certain Cases the Justices and Cess-payers, by reason of such Announcement, apportioned on the several Electoral Divisions or Parts of Electoral Divisions of Poor Law Unions in the Barony, Half Barony, County of a

1847.

37

labouring Poor (Ireland\ Cap. 10.

City, or County of a Town for which such Sessions were held, the Sum to be assessed on such Barony, Half Barony,

County of a City, or County of a Town respectively, and 9 presented for Works to be executed in such respective Elec-9 toral Divisions, or Parts thereof: And whereas, for the immediate Employment of the Labouring Poor, it became necessary i that the Execution of the Works so presented as aforesaid f should be commenced forthwith after the making of such

Presentments, the same having been approved by the Lord Lieutenant, although in certain Cases such Presentments, or the Proceedings taken before or after the making thereof,

were not in strict Conformity with the Provisions of the said Act or the said Announcement: And whereas it is necessary and expedient that all Presentments made at any such Sessions

before the passing of this Act, which have been approved of, or shall be approved of as herein-after mentioned, and the

Advances which have been made or shall be made thereon, and the several Proceedings had and taken or which shall be 9 had and taken thereunder, should be ratified, and confirmed, 9 and made as valid and effectual as if the same had been made, 9 done, and carried on pursuant to the Provisions of the said 9 recited Act, and that the Sums of Money therein presented 9 for should be raised, levied, and paid in manner herein-after mentioned, and that all Persons who have acted in any 9 Manner, by reason of such Announcement, in making such 9 Presentments or in taking such Proceedings as aforesaid, 9 should be indemnified and saved harmless from all Penalties 9 and legal Proceedings in consequence thereof Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Presentments which have been made at any Presentment Sessions in Ireland, called and held under the Provisions of the said recited Act, at any Time before the passing of this Act, and which have been or shall be approved by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and all Works consequent upon such Presentments, the Execution of which has been or shall be commenced or carried on by or under the Direction of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and all Advances of Public Money for the Execution of the said Works which shall have been or shall be made, and all things done or to be done in execution of such Presentments, shall be ratified and confirmed, and be as valid and effectual as if the same had been presented and approved and such Advances had been made strictly in accordance with the Provisions of the said recited Act; and the said Commissioners of Public Works shall be authorized to begin, execute, and complete the Works so presented for and approved, in the same Manner as if the Execution thereof had been or were duly authorized by the said recited Act.

C 3 II. And

All Presentments made at Presentment Sessions held under recited Act, and approved by Lord Lieutenant and the Treasury declared valid.

All Persons who have acted in making Presentments, See. indemnified.

Where Persons have under 5 & 6 Vict. c. 89., obtained Presentments for Works of Drainage, See., and have given Undertakings that the Monies shall be expended upon the Lands specified, the same shall be ratified, &c.

Money mentioned in such Undertaking shall be a Charge on the Lands.

Cap. 10. Labouring Poor (Ireland)* 10 Vict.

II. And be it enacted, That all Persons who shall have acted in any Manner in making any Presentment under the said Act, or by reason of the stud Announcement, or in any Proceeding for giving Effect to any such Presentment, or in making any Advance of Money by reason thereof, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified from and against all Penalties and legal Proceedings in consequence thereof.

III. And whereas divers Persons, representing themselves to be Proprietors of Land within the Terms of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage in Ireland, and divers other Persons, representing themselves to be the Agents of and acting for and on behalf of such Proprietors, have at such Sessions applied for and obtained Presentments for Works of Drainage or Sub-soiling of Lands, and have given Undertakings agreeing that so much of the Monies for which such Presentments were made as should by an Award to be made by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, or any Two of them, appear to have been expended upon the Lands specified in the said Undertakings respectively, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, should be a 4 Charge on the said Lands exclusively, and should and might be levied out of the same exclusively, which Undertakings have in many Cases been accepted and acted upon by the said Commissioners of Public Works; be it therefore enacted, That all Undertakings which have been or shall be so accepted and acted upon, and all Presentments for Works mentioned and referred to in such Undertakings respectively, tnade at any Sessions called and held before the passing of this Act, under the Provisions of the said recited Act, in whatever Form or at whatever Time or Times such Undertakings respectively may have been or shall be so given or accepted and acted upon, and in whatever Form or at whatever Time or Times such Presentments respectively may have been made, shall be ratified and confirmed to all Intents and Purposes; and such Undertakings respectively shall be valid and binding upon the Person or Persons respectively giving the same, and upon the Lands therein respectively specified; and the Money mentioned in any such Undertaking, Qr so much thereof as by an Award to be made by the said Commissioners of Public Works, or any Two of them, and which said Award the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall be authorized and required to make, shall appear to have been expended upon any of the Lands specified in any such Undertaking, shall be a Charge on the Lands specified in such Undertaking and Award; and the Money mentioned in any such Award, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall be charged upon, raised, and levied from and out of the Lands so specified in such Award, and shall be payable, at the

1847.

Labouring Poor (Ireland).

Cap. 10.

Time or Times appointed in such Award, by the Person or Persons who* under the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, and of the several Acts for the Amendment thereof, would be liable for the Repayment of the same, provided the same had been expended and charged on the said Lands for Works of Drainage executed under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Acts, and shall be raised, levied, and recovered, by such Persons as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall from Time to Time appoint, in the same Manner, and by the like Remedies, and with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Provisions, as by the said last-mentioned Acts is provided for the Recovery of Money for Works of Drainage, in so far as the same may be applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That every Occupier of Land who, not being a Proprietor thereof within the Terms of the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, shall pay any Sum of Money for the Land in his Occupation, charged thereupon under and by virtue of such Award under this Act, shall and is hereby authorized to deduct from and out of his Rent the Amount of the Sum of Money which he shall so pay as aforesaid; and the next immediate Landlord of such Occupier, if not himself such Proprietor of such Land, shall and he is hereby authorized to make the like Deduction from the Rent payable by him, and so on, each Sub-Lessee and Sub-Lessor of such Land, not being, such Proprietor, being entitled to deduct the Sum so charged upon such Land under or by virtue of such Award from and out of the Rent payable to his next immediate Landlord, until such Deduction shall be made from the Rent payable to a Person being the Proprietor, within the Terms of the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, who shall not be entitled to make any such Deduction from the Rent (if any) payable by him; and every such Occupier, Sub-Lessee, or Sub-Lessor, as the Case may be, paying any such Sum of Money, shall be acquitted and discharged of the Sum so paid by him, as fully and effectually as if the same had been actually paid to his Landlord, except where there shall be any Lease or Agreement to the contrary, made after the passing of this Act; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to enable any such Occupier, Sub-Lessee, or Sub-Lessor to deduct from his Rent any Costs or Expences incurred by the Nonpayment of the Monies charged and to be levied under and by virtue of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That in case any Land which shall be drained or sub-soiled as aforesaid shall at the Time of making any Award under this Act be in the Occupation of any Person who shall not be the Proprietor thereof within the Terms of the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners of Public Works shall determine the Amount of increased Rent, if any, which the Occupier of such Lands ought to pay by reason of the

draining

Occupiers paying Money on Demand of Landlord may deduct the same out of his Rent.

In case Land so drained being in the Occupation of Persons not Proprietors of the same, Commissioners of Public Works shall fix the Amount of in* creased Rent

the Occupier ought to pay.

I

Increased Rent payable at the same Time as original Rent.

Presentments made after 5th Oct. 1846, and before the passing of this Act, may be assessed either on the Barony at large or on the Electoral Divisions, as shall be determined by the Commissioners of Public Works.

Cap. 10. Labouring Poor (Ireland): 10 VICT *

draining and sub-soiling thereof, and shall signify their Determination by Endorsement in Writing on the Lease or other Instrument by which such Lands may be held, or by a separate Instrument under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, (in which Determination the said Commissioners shall be bound to have regard, and as far as possible to give Effect, to any Agreement which shall be shown to their Satisfaction to have been entered into by the Proprietor and any Person or Persons having an immediate or derivative Title from him in the said Lands, respecting the said draining and sub-soiling thereof); and the Occupier of such Lands shall pay to his next immediate Landlord the said increased Rent, and the immediate Landlord of such Occupier, if not himself such Proprietor as last aforesaid, shall pay the said increased* Rent to his immediate Landlord, and so successively each Sub-Lessor and Sub-Lessee of such Land, not being such Proprietor as last aforesaid, shall pay the same to his immediate Landlord, until such Payment shall be made to the Proprietor of such Lands within the Terms of the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty; and the said increased Rent shall be due and payable at the same Times as the Rent originally reserved would be due and payable between the respective Parties and the Landlord of such Occupier; and every intermediate Landlord shall have the same Remedies for the Recovery of such increased Rent as he or they might have or were entitled to have for the Rent originally reserved.

VI. And whereas at certain of such Sessions held after the said Fifth Day of October Presentments were, by reason of the said Announcement, made for Works other than those of Drainage and sub-soiling, but the Proceedings at such Sessions were in many Cases not taken in strict Conformity with the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, nor with the c Regulations contained in the said Announcement, and it is c necessary to define whether the Cost of Works executed or to (be executed in pursuance thereof should be charged upon the

Barony, Half Barony, County of the City, or County of the 9 Town for which such Sessions were held, or upon any and 9 what Electoral Divisions or Parts thereof contained within the Limits of such Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, c or County of a Town respectively; be it therefore enacted, That any Sum of Money mentioned in any Presentment made at any such Sessions held after the said Fifth Day of October last, and before the passing of this Act, or so much thereof as has been or shall be expended in or about the Works executed or to be executed under such Presentments, shall be charged upon the Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town for which such Sessions were held, or upon the Electoral Division or Part thereof situate within such Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town respectively within which such Work shall have been or shall be executed,

as

41

1847. Labouring Poor (Ireland). Cap. 10.

os shall be determined by the Commissioners of Public Works, by an Instrument under the Hands and Seals of any Two of them: Provided always, that. One Calendar Month at least before executing any such Instrument, the said Commissioners shall cause a Schedule of the Presentments, and of their Determination respecting the Manner of charging the several Sums for which such Presentments were made, to be lodged with' the Secretary of the Grand Jury, for the Purpose of being laid before the next Presentment Sessions holden for the Barony or Half Barony, or County of a City or County of a Town in which such Presentments were maae; and that if the Justices, and Cess-payers associated with them in the Business of such Presentment Sessions, shall be dis-satisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners respecting the Manner of charging any such Sum, it shall be lawful for them, by Kesolu-tion, to appoint any of their Number to prepare and present to the Lord Lieutenant, within Fourteen Days after the holding of such Presentment Sessions, a Memorial, signed by the Chairman of such Presentment Sessions, setting forth the Grounds of their Objections thereunto; and a Copy of every such Memorial, signed by the Chairman of such Presentment Sessions, shall be lodged within the said Fourteen Days in the Office of the said Commissioners; and thereupon the Lord Lieutenant shall inquire into and revise the Determination of the said Commissioners, and if he shall be of opinion that such Determination ought to be altered shall direct In what Manner the Sum referred to in the Memorial shall be charged, and the Decision of the Lord Lieutenant shall be final, and the Commissioners shall execute the said Instrument conformably to such Decision.

VII. And be it enacted, That if in suefi last-mentioned Instrument the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall determine that any such Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be charged upon any such Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, then the Amount thereof, with Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall be charged upon such Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town, and sh^ll be applotted, raised, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the like Manner, and by the same Remedies, and with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Provisions as by the said first-recited Act is provided with respect to any Monies charged and recoverable by and under that Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if in such last-mentioned Instrument the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall determine that any such Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be charged upon any Electoral Division, or Part thereof, as aforesaid, then the Amount thereof, with such Interest as last aforesaid, shall be charged exclusively upon the said Electoral Division, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, and shall be applotted, raised, levied, and recovered from and shall be payable

ky

If Justices, &c. be dis-satisfied with the Determination of Commissioners they may present a Memorial to the Lord Lieutenant, who shall inquire into the same, &c.

As to the raising of Money charged upon the Barony at large.

As to the raising of Money charged upon the Electoral Divisions.

42

Accounts of Sums certified to be transmitted to the Treasury, and laid before Parliament.

This Act and 9 A 10 Vict. c. 107. to be as One Act.

Act may be amended, Ac.

Cap. 10. Labouring Poor (Ireland). 10 Vict.

by the Occupiers and other Persons rateable and rated for the Relief of the Poor in respect of Lands and Hereditaments within such Electoral Division, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, and shall be applotted, raised, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the like Manner, and by the same Remedies, and with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the like Provisions, so far as the same can be applied, as is by the said first-recited Act provided with respect to any Sum of Money presented under that Act to be raised and levied off any Barony, Half Barony, County of a C jty, or County of a Town; and all Proceedings with respect to such Presentments shall be deemed to be as valid as if such Electoral Divisions or such Parts thereof as aforesaid respectively were Baronies or Half Baronies, or Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, and all the Provisions of that Act with reference to any Sum of Money presented to be raised off any Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town shall be in force and be applicable, os for as the Case will admit, to the Money to be raised and levied off such several Electoral Divisions or Parts thereof respectively.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, within Three Weeks next after the next Meeting of Parliament, and also within Three Weeks next after the Beginning of every following Session of Parliament, until all the Accounts arising out of the Proceedings under the first-recited Act and this Act shall be closed, send to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, an Account of the several Sums which they shall have certified to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of each County in Ireland, or which, by any Award or Instrument as aforesaid, they shall have charged on any County, or County of a City or County of a Town, Barony, Half Barony, or Electoral Division, or the Lands of any Proprietor, in such Form, and with such Particulars as shall be directed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and a Copy of every such Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

X. And be it enacted, That the said first-recited Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Labouring Poor (Ireland).

Cap. 10.

SCHEDULE.

Sir, Dublin Castle, 5 October 1846.

I AM directed by the Lord Lieutenant to inform you, that his Excellency haa had under hia Consideration the various Representations which have been made to him of the Operation of the Poor Employment Act, and of the Difficulty of finding in the greater Number of Baronies " Public Works " upon which it would be expedient or beneficial to expend Money to the Extent requisite for affording Employment to the People during the Existence of the present Distress, and with a view of obviating the bad Effects of a great Expenditure of Money in the Execution 6f Works comparatively unproductive, he desires that the Commissioners of Public Works will direct the Officers acting under them in the respective Counties to consider and report upon such Works of a re-productive Character and permanent Utility as may be presented in the Manner hereinafter mentioned at any Sessions held under the above Act; and his Excellency will be prepared to sanction and approve of such of those Works as may be recommended by the Board, and so presented, in the same Manner as if they had l>een strictly " Public Works," and presented as such in the Manner required by the Act:

1. The Presentment Sessions will estimate the Sum which it

may be necessary to raise off the Barony for the Purpose of affording Employment:

2. They will also ascertain the Proportion of such Assess-

ment which, according to the last Poor Law Valuation, may be chargeable upon each Electoral Division of an Union, or Portion of an Electoral Division (if the whole shall not be included), in the Barony, and they shall obtain for this Purpose, from the Clerk of eaeh Poor Law Union, a Copy of such Valuation:

3. They will present for such useful and profitable Works to be executed in each Electoral Division, to the Amount of its Proportion of the Assessment, ascertained as above:

4. In case of Drainage, however, and sub-soiling so far ad it

shall be connected with Drainage, an Undertaking shall be given in Writing, and transmitted with the Presentment by the Person or Persons whose Lands are proposed to be drained (being w Proprietor " in the Terms of the Act 5 and 6 Victoria, Chapter 89,), stating that the Money so to be expended shall be a Charge exclusively on the Lands so to be improved, and be levied from the same, according to an Award to be made by the

Commis-

44

Cap. 10. Labouring Poor (Ireland). 10 Vict.

Commissioners, as under the last-mentioned Act and its Amendments.

His Excellency wishes it to be further understood, that in case these Regulations are not acted upon, and the Portions of the Assessment which would be leviable from each Electoral Division are not presented to be expended on some Work within such Division, the Proceedings at such Sessions must be considered with strict reference to the Provisions of the 9th and 10th Victoria, Chapter 107.

His Excellency, considering also that many Baronies have already held Sessions under that Act, to which Baronies the Opportunity of making' Applications in the Manner now prescribed has not been afforded, it is his Desire that all Works already sanctioned in those Baronies, or applied for and which it may become requisite to sanction* in order to afford continued Employment, shall be proceeded with until other Sessions may be conveniently held in such BaronieB.

His Excellency, in taking upon himself the Responsibility, trader the urgent Circumstances of the Case, of inviting the Magistrates and Cess-payers to provide Employment for the People by the Execution of useful and re-productive Works, Confidently trusts, with their Assistance and the Blessing of the Almighty on their united Exertions, that the Calamity with which it has pleased Providence to afflict Ireland may yet in its Results become conducive to the Production of a greater Abundance of human Food from the Soil, and to the future permanent Improvement of the Country.

I have the Honour to be.

Sir,

Your obedient Servant,

H. Laboucherb

The Chairman of the Board of Public Works.

Drainage of Lands *

Cap. 12.

45

CAP. XI.

An Act to explain and amend the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement of Land by Drainage in Great Britain.

[30th March 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of c " - Parliament, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance of :Public Money, to a limited Amount, to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain and Ireland by Works of

Drainage: 'And whereas it is expedient that the said Act

should be explained and amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Expences herein-after mentioned shall be deemed' to be and may be included among the Expences of Works of Drainage, in respect of which Advances may be made under the Provisions of the said Act; (that is to say,)

The Expence of making or improving and securing from or for the Benefit of the Land proposed to be improved by Drainage an Outfall through other Land, or such Part, as the Commissioners may think reasonable, of the Expence of making or improving and securing such Outfall, for the Benefit of the Land in respect of which the Advance may be applied for, and of other Land:

The Expence of making open Drains and Watercourses, including such open Drains and Watercourses as may need frequent Repair, where reasonable Security for their Maintenance shall appear to the Commissioners to be afforded by the Interests or Liabilities of the Tenants and Occupiers of the Land:

And the Expence of fencing, trenching, and clearing the Surface of Land to be drained for the Purpose of convert-

ing the same from Waste or Pasture into Arable or Tillage Land, where such fencing, trenching, and clearing respectively shall appear to the Commissioners to be necessary to secure and render productive the proposed Improvement by Drainage:

Provided that it shall appear to the Commissioners that in all the Cases aforesaid the Works will effect an Improvement in the yearly Value of the Land, which will exceed the utmost yearly Amount which can be charged thereon under the said Act in respect of the Advance applied for.

II. And be it enacted, That where by the said Act the Plan, Estimate, and Specification of the proposed Drainage is required to be inspected or examined by and to be annexed to the Report of the Assistant Commissioner, or Surveyor or Engineer, it shall be sufficient for the Assistant Commissioner, or Surveyor or Engineer, unless the Commissioners shall otherwise direct, to inquire into and to embody in his Report such

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101.

Certain Expences deemed to be included as Expences of Works of Drainage.

Plans, &c. may

be dispensed with in certain Cases.

4$

Applicants for Advances may withdraw or reduce the Amount of their Applications.

Applicants may subkitute Applications (in respect of other Lands) of the Applications withdrawn or reduced in Amount.

Where separate Applications have been made by the same Owner for several Ad-

Cap. 11, Dfainage of hand*; . 10 VICT

Particulars of the Land proposed to be drained, and of the proposed or any other Manner of effecting the Drainage thereof, and of the estimated Expences of such Drainage, as shall appear to him necessary and sufficient to enable the Commissioners to judge of the Expediency of an Advance in respect of the proposed Works; and where in the Provisional Certificate, or in any subsequent Proceedings, Reference is by the said Act required to be made to the Plan and Specification annexed to such Report, Reference may be made thereto, or to the said Report, as Circumstances may require; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to certify their Opinion that an Advance should be made in respect of any Works, notwithstanding an/ Deviation therein from the proposed Manner of effecting the Drainage, if such Deviation shall appear to the Commissioners to be expedient, and productive of Improvement as permanent and of as great yearly Amount as the Manner at first proposed.

III. And be it enacted, That all Parties who shall have made Applications for Advances under the said Act may at any Time, before Provisional Certificates shall have been issued thereon respectively, by Writing, addressed to the Commissioners, withdraw or reduce the Amount of the Advances for which their several Applications are made; and the Commissioners may deal with any Application for such reduced Advance in the same Manner in all respects as if the Advance for which such Application is made had been originally limited to the Amount to which the same shall be so reduced.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Party who shall withdraw an Application or reduce the Amount of the Advance for which his Application may have been made, under the Provision herein-before contained, may at the Time of such Withdrawal or Reduction substitute for the Application so withdrawn an Application for an Advance of the Drainage of any of his Lands not comprised in his previous Application; and if the Advance applied for by such substituted Application do not exceed the Advance for which the Application so withdrawn may have been made, or (in the Case of such Reduction as aforesaid) do not exceed the Amount withdrawn by Reduction from the Advance for which the previous Application may have been made, the Commissioners may, in dealing with such substituted Application, give the same the Benefit (if any) in respect of Priority to which they might have deemed it entitled if it had been made at the same Time, and instead, in whole or in part, of the previous Application: Provided always, that every such substituted Application shall, in respect to the Notice required to be given by Advertisement, and all Inquiries and Proceedings to be had thereupon, except as aforesaid, be dealt with as an original Application.

V. And be it enacted, That where separate Application shall have been made by the same Owner for several Advances for the Drainage of several Lands, or where successive Applications shall have been made for an Advance, and a further Advance for Works of Drainage on the same Lands, it shall be lawful

KJ47-. of Jbmfa Cap. <11# 4T

lawful for the Commissioners (with the Consent of the Owner vance *, the for the Time being of such Lands or Land) by their Provisional ^iXted. Certificate, or by any other Writifag trader their Seal, to declare Such several Applications to be consolidated and treated as One Application, and thenceforth the Proceedings and the Provisional Certificate, and the Certificates respectively which shall be had and issued upon such consolidated Application, shall be had, framed, mid issued respectively in the same Manner, and shall have the same Force and Effect in all respects, as if the aggregate Amount of the Advances applied for by the several Applications had been applied for, and in the Case of several Lands and Works as if such several Lands and Works had been all mentioned and included in One Application: Provided always, that where such separate Applications as aforesaid shall have been made for Advances for the Drainage of several Lands, such Applications shall not be consolidated without the like Notice by Advertisement of the proposed Consolidation'as by the said recited Act is required in respect of an Application for an Advance; and where such Notice by Advertisement shall be given, any Person who would have been authorized to dissent from an Application for an aggregate Advance in respect of the Lands comprised in such several Applications may dissent from such proposed Consolidation, and the Provisions of the said recited Act in relation to Dissents shall be applicable to Dissents from a proposed Consolidation.

VI. And be it enacted, That where a Provisional Certificate Advances may has been or shall have been issued under the said Act, it shall made.on be lawful for the Commissioners, whether a Declaration shall J^cLes. or shall not have been inserted in the Provisional Certificate for

this Purpose, to certify to the Commissioners of the Treasury that an Advance on account should be made in respect of any Part of the proposed Works which shall have been actually executed, not exceeding in Amount the whole of the Sum then actually expended thereon/ in case it shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners that the Part so executed will, independently of the Part remaining unexecuted, be durable and effectual, and produce an Improvement in the yearly Value of the Land exceeding the Amount of the yearly Charge which can be made under the said Act in respect of such Advance.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Provisional Certificate Time for Com. shall be issued under the said Act unless it shall be shown to work&.of the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or Security be given to

their Satisfaction by the Party applying for the Advance, that the Works for which the Advance is to be made may be completed within Five Years from the Date of the Certificate; and the Commissioners shall annex to every Provisional Certificate to be issued under the Authority of the said Act a Provision that all Works in respect of which they shall certify their Opinion that an Advance should be made shall be completed within Five Years as aforesaid, and no Provisional Certificate shall be issued-upon any Application or Applications by the

48 Cap. 11. Drainage of Lands. 10 Vict.

same Owner for any larger Sum than Ten thousand Pounds: Provided always, that in case it shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, or Security be given to their Satisfaction by the Party applying for the Advance, that the Works for which the Advance is to be made may be completed within Three Years from the Date of the Certificate, and that it shall also appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners that such Works are to be executed within any District in Scotland in which Distress prevails, and that such Works may be executed, by the Labour of the Inhabitants of such District, it shall and

may be lawful for the said Commissioners in such Case, on the Application of any Owner, and with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to issue a Provisional Certificate or Provisional Certificates for such larger Sum or Sums as they in their Discretion shall see fit, subject to a Provision to be annexed to such last-mentioned Certificate that such Works shall be completed within the said Period of Three Years.

Form of Cer-

VIII. And be it enacted, That Certificates and Provisional

their EffeS? Certificates under the said Act may respectively be made in such Form as the Commissioners shall think fit; and every such Certificate and Provisional Certificate respectively, when sealed with the Seal of the Commissioners, shall for all Purposes be conclusive Evidence that all the Applications and Acts whatsoever which ought to have been made and done previously to the issuing thereof have been made and done by the Persons authorized to make and do the same, and that an Advance may be issued by virtue of such Certificate, and that the Land shall become charged in respect of such Advance; and no such Certificate or Provisional Certificate shall be impeached by reason of any Omission or Mistake therein.

Provisional

IX. And be it enacted, That any Owner of Land to whom

£e^gn«imay Provisional Certificate shall have been issued under the said Act, or any subsequent Owner of such Land, may assign such Provisional Certificate, by way , of Security, to any Person who may have advanced or may agree to advance Monies for the Execution of the Works therein mentioned, and such Assignment may be made by an Endorsement on the Provisional Certificate in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act; and such Assignee shall be entitled to claim and receive, upon and in respect of such Provisional Certificate, such Advances as the Owner by whom the Assignment shall have been made might have claimed and received in case such Assignment had not been made, subject nevertheless to the Right of the Owner as against such Assignee to an Account of the Advances so received, or of so much thereof as shall not be owing on his Security; and, subject to the Rights of Assignees as aforesaid, each Advance shall be made to the Owner by whom the Works in respect of which an Advance may be made shall appear to the Commissioners to have been executed, and who shall have been named in the Certificate accordingly, or to the legal personal Representative of such Owner; and where an aggregate

Advance

40

1847. Drainage of Lands. — Muting. Cap. 11. 12.

Advance shall be made in respect of Works which shall have been in part executed by an Owner whose Ownership shall have ceased, and in part by a subsequent Owner, the Advance shall be apportioned by the Commissioners between the Owners in such Manner as by the Report of a Surveyor or Assistant Commissioner, or otherwise, shall appear to the Commissioners to be reasonable, having regard to the Sums expended by the successive Owners, and such successive Owners may be named in the Certificate accordingly.

X. And be it declared and enacted, That the Words " Owner

of Lands" shall, as to Lands in *Scotland, include any Corporation.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act and the recited Act shall be construed together as One Act, and the Provisions herein contained shall be deemed to extend to all Proceedings and Matters already taken and done in the same Manner as if such Provisions had been originally inserted in the said recited Act

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Form of Assignment of Provisional Certificate.

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of

Pounds paid to me [or of the Advances which may be made to me] by C. X>., do hereby assign to the said C.D. the within written Provisional Certificate, and all my Right and Interest in and to the Advances which may be made in virtue thereof, to the Intent that the said C. D., his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, may claim and receive such Advances, and may thereout retain the said Sum of with Interest for the same at per Centum per Annum [or such Sums as may

be advanced to me by the said C.D. as aforesaid, with Interest at per Centum per Annum from the Time of the respective Advances thereof].

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, this Day of 18

CAP. XII.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a standing Army " within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and 7re-

land in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of

Forces should be continued, for the Safety of the United

D 3 JQngdom,

As to the Words " Owner of Lands.' *

This Act to be deemed Part of the recited Act.

Act may he amended, &c.

Numbers.

Articles of War made by Her Mige^y to be judicially taken notice of.

Persons subject to this Act

Cap. 12. Muting, 10 Vicn

Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of He* Majesty^ f Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in ' Europe, and that, the whole Number of such Forces should ' consist of One hundred eight thousand three hundred and

ninety-eight Men, 'exclusive of the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments employed in the Territorial Possessions ' of the East India Company, but including the Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting for those Regiments: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or c Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Rind of Puniah- raent within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers and according to the

known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless,

it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned ' Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed,

and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir np Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms ot

the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same* shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary at War to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also, to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to be transported as a Felon, or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act. expressly made liable to such Transportation or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or, shall be subject with reference to any. Crimes made punishable by this Act to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act

II. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned ojr in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay^ as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Officers and Soldiere belonging to the Forces of the East India Company while such Officers or Soldiers shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and to* the Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving and hired' to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and* to Master Gunners, and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving in '

the

1847% (

51

Mutiny.

Cap. 12.

the Regiment of Royal Engineers and the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to Persons in the Ordnance and Commissariat Departments, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Forces at home or abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Ordnance at any of Her Majesty's Ordnance Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey,

Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, of at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been given by such Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, but that such Bonds and other Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend to the Act to extend Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the *} Jer^y» Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions therein for uera5e-v> c* enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of lull Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying,

and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds, in the said Islands.

IV. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Foreign Troop* Troops, being mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and in Country, serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places

in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects, under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into England or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provi

sions

52

Militia and Yeomanry.

Power to constitute Courts-martial.

General Courts-martial.

District or Gar* riaon Courts-martial.

Cap. 12, Mutiny. 10 Vict;

auras of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

V. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in anywise be construed to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only in such Cases wherein, by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps, the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion shall be specifically made applicable to the said Corps.

VI. And be it declared and enacted, That for the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being any Body of Her Majesty's Forces, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands not below the Degree of a Field Officer to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or the Articles of War, may be tried or punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place *

VII. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in Saint Helena, Africa, Honduras, the Australian Colonies, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; that if convened in Jamaica, Newfoundland, Bermuda, or the Bahamas, or in any Part out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Parts afore mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven; and that if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Dominions, or of the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Saint Helena

Africa,

Mutiny *

Cap. 12 *

S3

Africa, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in Africa when convened for the Trial of Desertion of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and such Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that such Court-martial shall not have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, nor to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

IX. And be it enacted, That a Regimental or Detachment lUgimenul Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, when Three may be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and gross Courts-martial Insubordination, or other Offences committed on the Line of Linc °? March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Mer-

chant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, the Offence may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent, to award.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer Courts-mirtul

commanding any District, Detachment, or Portion of Her Ca*e *

Majesty's Troops, which may at any Time be serving out of Queen's Do. Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any minion*. Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident of any such Countries, by any Person

serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial snail have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial; provided that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XII. And be it enacted, That, where necessary or expedient. Mixed Court*-Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or Officers in the menUl mcMe Service of the East India Company, or Officers of both such Ea«tY^dU Services, may sit on Courts-martial, together with Officers of Company.

Her Majesty's Land Forces, whether the Commanding Officer

by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and when the Person to be

tried

H

President of Court-martial.

Proceedings at TriaL

Cap. l£ Mutiny. 10 VICTi

tried shall belong to the Land Forces, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Court was composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces only, and the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths hereby prescribed, shall be applicable to the Proceedings of such Court; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marines, then the Provisions of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable; and where the Person to be tried shall be in the Service of the East India Company the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer, though in the actual Service of the B&id Company, may hold a Commission from Her Majesty or from His late Majesty King William the Fourth.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by the Authority convening such Court, and shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief1 Or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor Commander of the Regiment or Detachment to which the Prisoner belongs; nor in the Case of a General Court-martial under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatever under the Degree of Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or holden on the Line' of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or'by any of such1 Officers; and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall Jiave been made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing the Court shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized' to administer the same, and any swonr

— Member

mm: mayi cap. *2> ea

MsakMr im^admitoter the Oath to 'tfafe-President; and ad soon as Itbe. said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XV. And be it enacted, That all General and other Courts- Swearing and martial shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby required, to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person ltneS8e9' who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any'Proceedingbefore the same; and every Person, ad well Civil as Military, who may be required to give Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, , or his Deputy, or the Poison officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Cotnrts-martial, by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such '

Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged» by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in <& summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Conrt may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queers Bench in London or Dublin, or the Conrt of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe Or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend in a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made.

XVI. And be it enacted, That after a Prisoner has been Previous Confound guilty of any Charge or Charges, the Court before which v*ctiOI£t^be ' any such Prisoner shall have been tried shall, before passing pu 1 n ence# Sentence on such Prisoner, and for the Purpose only of affixing Punishment) receive in Evidence against him any previous

M

Report of Proceedings of General and District Courta-

Cap. 12.

Mutiny.

10 Vict.

Convictions by Courts-martial, the Proceedings of which have been duly confirmed, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court shall receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of such Prisoner by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Charges, Finding, and Sentence of the Court, and of the Minute of Confirmation of such Finding and Sentence, made from the original Minutes of such Court, or from the Court-martial Book, and which shall further purport to be signed by the Judge Advocate General or by his Deputy, or by the Officer officiating as such, or by the Officer confirming the Proceedings, or by his Adjutant General, Brigade Mqjor, or other like Officer, in case such Copy be taken from the original Minutes, or by the Commanding Officer, f Adjutant, or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book, in case such Copy be taken from the said Book, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official[Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein-before provided to the Officer commanding a Regiment by the Clerk of any such Court, or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of any Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the said Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall have been so found guilty.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, where the Offender shall be a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier

67

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12.

belonging to Her Majesty's Land Forces, are required to transmit, with aa much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable' to be tried a second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay,

E've Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall rid Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Poet to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a

Visitor

No second Trial, but Re* vision allowed.

Crimes punish* able with Death.

Judgment of* Death.

Commutation of Death for Transportation.

Embezzlement punishable by Transportation.

Capi l9t Jfktiny* 10 TTttt

Visitor or other Officer; being in the Execution of kfe Office* nil and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court* martial shall be awarded.

XX. And be it enacted, Hurt no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein.

XXI. And be it enacted, That whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Soldier shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a Certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which Her Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him^to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps which Her Majesty shall please to direct; provided that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or if in the East Indies to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of Her Majesty's Forces, or any Person employed in the Ordnance or Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, damage, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage, of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, may be tried for the same by a General Courts martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expence the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that touch* Amount Shall-be made- good by such

Offender;

18*7, Mutiny. fltpift «ft

Offender; and the Lose and Damage so ascertained tas aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court tin Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court* martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be con? finned and made known; and every Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That whenever Her Majesty Execution of, shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or Tra^rtm^on hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall in"heIUniteda be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sen- Kingdom, tence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Transportation any Sentence of Death nassed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary at War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an, Order for the Transportation of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Transportation of other Offenders; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall, be assistant in the Execution thereof* and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be transported shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and under Sentence of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or their being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order

made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a

Certifi-

0

Id the Colonies.

Power to inflict

Corporal

Punishment.

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of one of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in like Manner as for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed to some Colony or Place in obedience to the Directions for the Removal of Convicts, which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through one of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and suck Offender on being so removed shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation which has been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with hard Labour, during the Term of his Transportation, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent.

XXV. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment exceed Fifty Lashes.

1847. Mutiny. Cip. 12* 61

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Power to Inflict General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any p°^ent Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with and Imprison-or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding One ment-Year.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which Power to Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or any Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for men*.

Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Garrison or District, Regimental or Detachment Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment, or any Part thereof, to Imprisonment, with or without

hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty Days.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That any General Court- Forfeiture of martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which it may P*x and PeD-be competent to award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of

all Advantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge, tial. which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service or might accrue from future Service, according to the Nature of the Case; and that any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct *

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Soldier, whether at the Instance of such other Soldier or not, with Intent to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for Service:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Stores, or in receiving them knowing them to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns,

Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or .producing the same as true knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of or with Intent to injure any Person, Civil or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

62

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement under Sentence;

or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge;

or in arrest for Debt;

or when

Prisoner of War;

or when convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave;

or when absent without Leave, not exceeding Five Days.

Cap. 12; Mutiny. 10 Yicj.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Soldier who shall be found guilty of Desertion by a Court-martial, such Finding having been duly approved, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

XXX. And be it enacted, That no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in arrest for Debt; and that when any Soldier shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence; but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and that any Soldier who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Soldier shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Soldier shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may order that such Soldier shall be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without hard Labour, or with or without solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Soldier shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that, in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Soldier who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days on which he shall have so absented himself, and in

18471':

68

Mlttiffy.

Cap. 12.

pursuance of* any Mich Order as aforesaid the Pay of the Soldier shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided that such Soldier shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as aforesaid; provided also, that any Soldier who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture; provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may Forfeiture of sentence any Soldier for, being drunk when on or for Duty or ^kenness Parade or on the Line of March to be deprived of a Penny a on Duty#

Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That any General or District Forfeiture of Court-martial, before which any Soldier shall be convicted of ^*>h^t^allquor habitual Drunkenness, shall, in addition to any other Punish- Drunkenness, ment which such Court is competent to award, deprive such

Soldier of his Allowance in lieu of Beer at home, or of his Liquor when issued in Kind abroad, or of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period, not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and after any other Punishment which the Court may award, every Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Soldier, if convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Allowance in lieu of Beer at home, or of his Liquor when issued in Kind abroad, or of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period, not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with Her Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That, in addition to any other Stoppages. Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages

until he shall have made good —

Any Loss or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein-before specified:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Horse or to the Horse of any other Soldier, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Accoutrements or Regimental Necessaries, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Accoutrements or Regimental Necessaries of any other Soldier, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

E 2 Any

64

Discharge with Ignominy.

Marking

Deserters.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offence.

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vio*.

Any Expence necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss or Destruction of Accoutrements and Regimental Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Destruction, Damage, or Injury, or Expence, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that after satisfying the Charges for his Messing and Washing, so much only of the Pay of the Soldier may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Soldier shall have been convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and the Court in respect thereof shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Soldier, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That on the first and on every subsequent Conviction of Desertion the Court-martial, after awarding such Punishment as it may think fit, may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That a General or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment not exceeding Twenty-eight Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and that any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty Days, or to solitary Confinement for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, or may sentence a Soldier to Imprisonment, Part thereof to be with or without 'hard Labour, and Part thereof in solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when such Court shall direct the Imprisonment to be Part in solitary Confinement and Part otherwise, the whole Period of such Imprisonment shall not exceed Twenty Days, and the Part thereof in solitary Confinement shall not exceed Ten Days.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on a Person already imprisoned under Sentence of a Court-martial for any former Offence, it shall be lawful for the Court to award Imprisonment for the subsequent Offence to commence at the Expiration of the

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12. 05

Imprisonment to which such Person shall have been previously sentenced, and where such Person shall be already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or Transportation, the Court, if empowered to pass Sentence of Transportation, may award such Sentence for the subsequent Offence to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Transportation to which such Persons shall have been previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Transportation respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments would be otherwise awarded.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That, save as herein-before Term and Plate specially provided, every Term of Imprisonment under the ^f^piison" Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall have been signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of General Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and under the Sentence of any other Court-martial shall be appointed by the Officer confirming the Proceedings of such Court-martial, and in default of such Appointment, then the Place of Imprisonment shall be appointed by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Military Secretary at War to set apart any Buildings now erected or Prwons* which may hereafter be erected, or any Part or Parts thereof,

as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building, or any Two or more separate and detached Buildings, shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison, whether the same now exist or may hereafter be established, which shall be, or which under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament have been, so as aforesaid set apart or declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary at War; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal,

Officers, and Servants thereof, and of Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any such Military Prison, and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign

E 3 Station

66 Cap. 12. Mutiny. lOVitfn

Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person and Persons as the Secretary at War may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the Secretary at War may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within hfe Command; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison respectively shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Secretary at War, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governors, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

Custody of

XL. And be it enacted, That every Governor, Provost M^Htae"sender Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of any tence in Com- Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's mon Gaols. Dominions shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or ^without hard Labour, and with or without solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement shall receive into his Custody any Soldier, for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops; and any Governor, Provost Marsha], Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12. 67

XLI. And be it enacted, That in the Case of a Prisoner Proviso for -undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or for the Officer commanding the District, Garrison,

Island, or Colony, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial, either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be; provided also, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Person hav- Their Subsisting the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House Gaols" of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary of War shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expence of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, or Person Expiration of having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, Imprisonment House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom Ga^mmon any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have reason to believe or to know, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give, if in Great Britain, to the Secretary at War, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice then the longest practicable Notice thereof.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That Musters shall be taken of Musters and every Regiment, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, Punishment for twice at least in every Year, at such Times as shall be ap- falsc Musters* pointed; and no Soldier shall be absent from such Musters unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty

68 Cap. 18. Mutiny. IO. Vict.

of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Officer who shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Service.

Trials for

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Soldier shall be liable

wbseauent*^ *° and punished for Desertion from any Corps into

Re-agistment, which he may have enlisted, or from Her Majesty's Service, although he may of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and whether such Soldier shall be tried for deserting from the Corps into which he originally enlisted, or for deserting from the same Corps into which he may have subsequently enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may be so tried may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

Apprehension

XLVI. And be it enacted, That upon reasonable Suspicion

the^Urrited* m that a Per80n is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, Kingdom. or if no Constable can be immediately met with then it shall be lawful for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment to which he belongs, if stationed within Five Miles of the Place of Apprehension, or if such Head Quarters or Depot shall not be stationed within Five Miles, then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison, (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act,) whether such Prison be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed or not; or if the Deserter shall have been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment, in Charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the

69

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12.

Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary at War, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or to the Party of his Regiment in order for his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Regiment, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary at War a Report, stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Secretary at War shall be satisfied they are entitled to, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary at War, and transmit also to the Secretary at War a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that such Secretary at War may order Repayment of the same; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or, if the Regiment be in the Colony, the Justice may, if within reasonable Distance, deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding in the Colony a Description Return in the Form prescribed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Person

shall

In the Colonies.

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 29.

9 G. 4. c. 55.

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That any Recruit who shall desert prior to joining the Regiment for which he has enlisted shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that all Cavalry Recruits so committed for Desertion shall be transferred to Cavalry Regiments, and Infantry Recruits to Infantry Regiments; and that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, nor to any other Penalty, except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty, reserving only for them that Part of the Bounty which is applicable to and required for the Provision of Necessaries.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, while serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer thereof confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of Her Majesty's Forces, as Her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter as aforesaid, he shall be liable to be taken before Two Justices of the Peace, and, on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false, shall by them be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment jto some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for amending and consolidating the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or shall be deemed guilty, if in Scotland, of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false

IS47.

Mutiny.

Cap. IS.

n

Pretences, Or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition* as the Case may be, shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession mid receiving Subsistence as a Soldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, as the Case may be, and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, or for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrate, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the first Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of Her Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

L. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Extension of Military Officer of Rank, not inferior to Captain, or any Ad- Furlough in jutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the CMe0 Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Si1 11

be lawful for any Justice who shall b

to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by

rendering necessary any Extension

him

No Person Acquitted or convicted by the Civil Magistrate, or by a Jury, to be tried by Court-martial for the same Offence.

Soldiers not to be taken for Debts under 301.

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LI. And be it enacted, That no Person having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or punished for the same, otherwise than by cashiering; and that whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, containing the Substance and Effect only of the Indictment, omitting the formal Part, and containing also a Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

LII. And be it enacted, That no Person whatever enlisted into Her Majesty's Service as a Soldier shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom, by reason of the Warrant of any Justice or other Process, for not supporting, or for leaving chargeable on any Parish, Township, or Union, any Wife or any Child or Children, or (except in the Case of an Apprentice) on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and no Person enlisted as a Soldier or serving as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer on the permanent Staff of the disembodied Militia shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some Criminal Matter, unless an Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff or some one on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, before some Judge of the Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, of which Affidavit a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought or Execution sued out amounts to the Value of Thirty Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions on which the same shall be grounded; and any Judge of such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Soldier, or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier without Fee, he being shown to be duly enlisted, and to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters or Place

Mutiny.

Cap. 12 *

n

of Bendenoe before such Listing) may file a Common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, and proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and have Execution other than against the Body.

LIII. And be it enacted, That no Officer of Her Majesty's Officer* not Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law p^h^ppwn-shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound ticca. Apprentice to him.

LIV. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall be com- Officers not to missioned and in full Pay as an Officer shall be capable of being Sheriff*or nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County or other ayors* Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or shall be capable of holding any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

LV. And be it enacted* That every Person who shall receive Enlisting and Enlisting Money, knowing it to be such, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and being an Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, an attested Soldier, or an Out-Pensioner of Chelsea Hospital authorized to enlist Recruits, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and (if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist) the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that, within Forty-eight but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours (any intervening Sunday not included) after his having received the Enlisting Money, Notice of his having so enlisted be given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to sleep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Land Service he shall, within Four Day8 (any intervening Sunday not included) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after* such enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before any Justice or other Magistrate residing in the Vicinity of the Place where such Person shall have enlisted, or before any Justice or other Magistrate acting for the Division, District, or Place where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there, and in the Presence of the said Recruit, record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit, the Fortieth and Forty-sixth

Articles

Dissent and Ilelief from Enlistment.

Offences connected with Enlistment.

Articles of the Articles of War against Muting and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or for Service in the Foroes of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths; and the Fee for administering each Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give under his Hand the Certificate in, the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to tins Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity. i

LVI. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appealing as aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him> together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so dedaring his Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall apj>ear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, ot that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting One Shilling as the Fee to his Cleric for reporting the Payment to the Secretary at War shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; provided that no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously discharged, by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse

1847, Mutiny Gupy}2)

to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter* absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter* or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted; provided that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to Her Majesty's Secretary at War, in order that, in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, may be transferred to any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion or Company, or into Her Majesty's Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as Her Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, any thing in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be when any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed his having been a Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed his having been discharged upon any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any such Infirmity, or to have designedly made any false Representation upon being attested, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to. be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to

76

7 & 8 G.4. c. 29.

9G. 4. C. 55.

Cftpb 12* Mutiny* 10 Vict.

sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law in force may bfe inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned with hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice, at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money or Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, and any such Recruit shall be tried for any such Offence in any County or Place where he may at any Time happen to be; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his being attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Ordnance, Navy, or Marines, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary at War by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled to serve in the Militia at the Time of offering to enlist who shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation, and the before-mentioned Acknowledgment of such Person, certified by the Secretary at War or Deputy Secretary at War, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable, and shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12. 77

Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, into which he shall have so enlisted; provided that every such Person shall be liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every Military Officer, Punishment of who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in .Offic«r* oflfend-any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for i^f^egarding Her Majesty's Service or for the Service of the East India Enlistment, Company, shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LIX. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should Enlistment and c be made for enlisting and attesting of Soldiers desirous of re- ^"tineilt enlisting and others desirous of enlisting abroad; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person duly appointed by Her Majesty by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that Behalf, and not being a General Officer, nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into Her Majesty's Service; and any Person so appointed shall have the* same Powers in that Behalf as are given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps; and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

LX. And be it enacted, That all Negroes or Persons of Enlistment of Colour who, although not bom in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Negroes> Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, shall while serving be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service, and entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total Abolition of Slavery throughout the British Colonies, and

78 Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 VICT,

serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

Apprentice

LXI. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an enlisting toibe Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's or

liable to serve rr__ - . J

after the Ex- the East India Company 8 Service, and shall state to the Magis-piration of hia trate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is Apprenticeship. not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according to the Terms of the Enlistment; and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces.

Claims of Mas-

LXII. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled

ters to Appren- to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Ueet Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, unless he shall,

within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the foil Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age; provided that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and

1847.

7#

Mutiny. Cap. 12.

recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by Punishment of his Master shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party Apprentices but under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within en u mg* whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment; provided that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Wages of Ser-Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the TBnts enlistinS' Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LX Y. And whereas certain Soldiers who have heretofore Removal at 6 been duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath Attwution of i of Allegiance and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Ma- Soldiers.

jesty's Pay, have been sworn and attested, but Doubts have

arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Soldiers

F 2 have

80 Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 VICT,

Authorized Deductions only to be made from the Pay of the Army.

have been so sworn and attested were duly qualified to ad-

minister to such Soldiers the Oaths prescribed by the several ' Acts passed for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for ' the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; be it enacted, That in every Case where any such Soldier, having been duly enlisted, shall have been so attested and sworn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed during the last Session of Parliament for the punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes and in like Manner as if he had been duly attested and sworn.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That no Secretary at War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be required by Her Majesty's Regulations, or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary at War; and every Paymaster or other Officer having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay who shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, if he demand it, shall be discharged from any further Service; provided as aforesaid that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Secretary at War to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty, or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until Her Majesty's Orders shall have been signified by the Secretary at War.

How and

LXVII. And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third

may^meted ' ^ear of King Charles the First it is enacted and declared,

that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; i and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, ' made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles

the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two ' hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds

Seventeen

1847.

81

Mutiny.

Cap. 12.

4 Seventeen Shillings and Three-pence, for paying and dis-

banding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer,

Civil or Military, nor other Person whosoever, should thence-(forth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, t)f any Degree, Quality,

or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to

quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billet *

ing whatsoever:

And whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An 6 Anne (I.)

7 4 Act to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their Marqk, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, should at any Time

thereafter be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army should be commanded to march from any Part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as at this Time, during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, ' be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and that they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses in which they are so allowed to be billeted, and be furnished by such Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Men and their Horses

F 3 shall

82

10 Vict.

Cap. 12.

Mutiny.

shall be billeted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and in no other Case whatsoever shall there be less than One Man billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horses, and bo in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall *a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in luce Manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices, within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act, who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men and Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses, or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding

any

83

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12.

any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or enlaige the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered Dy such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to those Houses; and it shall be lawful for Constables to billet Officers and Soldiers in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the Houses of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Storekeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, ' so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LAVIII. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London), and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constable shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionally on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties, and Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith

F 4 from

Exemptions from Billets.

Billeting the Guards in and near Westminster.

i

Military Officer* not to act as Justices in billeting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty Words.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That no Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, but that all Warrants, Acts, or Things so appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in England shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in England, except when on the March and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldier with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Nine-pence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses on which they are billeted, the Sura of Four-pence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay for any Officers or Soldiers shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any Officer as aforesaid shall not pay the same, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the

next

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12. 85

next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters were situated, the Secretary at War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Regimental Agent to pay the said Sums, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case of any Soldier being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging of the Men and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provi- Definition «>f sions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed Terras* to extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Powers and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Many and all Isles thereto and to England and Ireland belonging; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers and Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Regulations os Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, , llels* and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns,

Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables,

Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision Supply of of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in Carriage *, their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required

thereunto

86

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of Her Majesty's Ordnance, or other Person duly authorized in tljpt Behalf, shall, on Production of such Order to such Justices by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troops shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fell equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation as far as the same can be done.

Races to be

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which paid for Car- the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed

R^Utbns shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid;

relating thereto, and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel. One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Nine-pence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage, with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundred Weight, loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Four-pence, Three-pence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One

Shilling,

1847.

Mutiny. Cap. 12.

Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town, Corporate or not Corporate; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and one other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War within Three Days after the making thereof; and also m England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; mid when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding, as his Voucher; provided that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper, and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the Baid Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; provided that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Three-pence a Mile for each Car, and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expence of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; provided that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the

March

88 Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 VICT.

March of Soldiers from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

Supply of Car-

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her nage* in Cases Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, o mergency. jjer or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or if in Ireland by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Post Chaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or Navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition to such Justice by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the Commissariat or Ordnance Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages, in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service, or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment or Detachment, but also

the

89

847* Mutiny. Cap. 12.

the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices em-Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to ^°Con direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the public lubleTfor Sums Stock of the County or Riding, or if such public Stock be expended by insufficient then out of the Monies which the said Justices shall them* have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carnages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Route* in liord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being Ireland* of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Her Majesty's Officers Toll *, and Soldiers, being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses, (but not when passing in any hired or private Vehicle,) and all Recruits, marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf,

Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed; and any Toll Collector who shall demand and receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, they being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, or from any Recruits, marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons 'or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Toll Collector shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, for which Forfeiture and Penalty he shall be prosecuted before a Justice of the Peace; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats,

Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That when any Soldiers on Ferries. Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option

pass

Marching Money on Die» charge.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldiers.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered with. Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice.

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Cap. 12. Mutiny* 10 Vict.

pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persona, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if he shall so require it, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expence, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary at War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, hdve been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of the said Notification *

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on Application being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command accused of any Crime or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of Her Majesty's Subjects which is punishable by the well-known Laws of the Land, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate thereof, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

LXXXII. And for enforcing a prompt Observance of thfc Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents

for

91

Mutiny.

Cap. 12.

for the several Corps, be it enacted, That the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War, or by Her Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier after the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and, if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, if he shall have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for and in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized or not as an Army Agent, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or shall negotiate or receive, for any Purpose whatsoever, any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or Treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person not having any Military Commission who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That all the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company's Service, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement,

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procaring false Musters.

Penalty on

unlawful

recruiting.

Penalty for inducing Soldiers to desert.

Penalty for forcible Entry in pursuit of Deserters.

Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

vertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Directors of the East India Company, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Soldier to desert, or shall by Words or by any other MeanB whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That any Officer or Soldier who shall forcibly enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to Imprisonment with or without hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to Imprisonment, either with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution

of

95

1847* Mutiny. Cap. 12.

of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to Imprisonment, either with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment he shall, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison be liable to be sentenced for every such Offence to be imprisoned, either with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may then be unexpired; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in England and Wales, shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons, so far as any Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend, or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier knowing him to be such, to sell, any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks, provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage as aforesaid, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, and shall be convicted thereof by One or more Justices of the Peace, every such Offender shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds G but

Certain Provisions of Gaol Acts to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

; 94 Cap. 12.

Mutiny.

10 Vict.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Moriths as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence a Copy of the Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove a Conviction of the former Offence; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon Search any such Property shall be found, the Bame shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before such Justice, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of each or of any of Her Majesty's Colonies, on the Recommendation of the Officer for the Time being administering the Government of any such Colony, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty if not exceeding Twenty Pounds to such Amount as may to any such Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided always, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person administering the Government of any such Colony on Her Majesty's Behalf, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Colonial Legislature.

XC. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Person, who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in

order

Mutiny,

Cap. 12.

9a

order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers in any such Houses, against the k Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more ^han the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carnages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall cause to he delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw, for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Eighteen Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCI. And be it enacted, That if any Military Officer shall Penalties upon take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited ^I^tary and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do any thing contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary nt War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at

96

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict *

Penalty on killing Game.

Form of Actions at Law-.

some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier in any f^ouse, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XCII. And for the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near such Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Gatoe or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That any Action which shall be brought against any Person for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Months, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue of Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for any thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any thing done by virtue or in pursuance

Mutiny.

Cap. 12.

pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in sotne of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That all Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others, and of another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders, for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Months; which said recited Acts shall be used and applied in Scotland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Acts had extended to Scotland, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Sessions in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

XCv. And be it enacted, That One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary at War, any thing in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in

G 3 any

97

Recovery of Penalties.

3 G. 4. c. 23. 5 G. 4. c. 18.

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W.4 c. 76.

S8

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

Licences of Canteens.

Attestation of Accounts.

Commissaries to attest their* Accounts.

Cap. 13. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

any other Act or Acta, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under tins Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary at War.

XCVI. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in the Regular Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take, any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

XCVII. And be it enacted, That when any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the Board of Ordnance, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers, within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

XCVIII. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be so verified before and attested by any Justice without Fee or Reward to himself or to his Clerk.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That all Commissaries upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall make the Declaration described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Declaration, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, and if made on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Master General, or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall

99

1847. Mutiny. Cap. 12.

shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to admir pister and receive the same.

C. And be it enacted, That all Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

CL. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; provided that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

CII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Many and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven inclusive until flie First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Hep Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America9 from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven inclusive to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and shall be and

G 4 continue

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

OfifcnoM againfct

former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Duration of the Act.

100

Alteration of the Act

t

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifty: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, any thing herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

J do swear. That I will duly admi-

nister Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

Form of Oath of a Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any

account whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not,

unless

101

Mutiny. Cap. 12.

unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved. So help me GOD.

Questions to be put separately by the Justice to a Recruit ENLISTING for UNLIMITED SERVICE.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County, were you born ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are *you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour ?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of until you shall be legally

discharged ?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day,

and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your

Enlistment ?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia ?

13. Do you belong to any other Regiment, or to the Marines,

Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company ?

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance,

or Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's

Service, or for the Sendee of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note* — The Justice is directed, in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

Enlisting for unlimited Service in Her Majesty's Colonies.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Colony of until you shall be duly and

legally discharged ?

Enlisting for limited Service.

The preceding Questions to be put by the Justice, except Question 8, which is to be as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of for the Period of [this

Blank

j

10 Vict.

Cap. 12. Mutiny.

Blank to be filled up by the Justice with Seven, Fourteen, or Twenty-one Years, as the Case may be, for Infantry, Ten, Sixteen, or Twenty four Years for Cavalry, and Twelve, Sixteen, or Twenty-one Years for Artillery, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under the Age of Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, Twelve, Fourteen, Sixteen, Twenty-one, or Twenty-four Years, as the Case may be, '] Years, provided Her Majesty should for so long require your Service, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Twelve Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of Her Majesty, such additional Period, in the latter Case, to determine whenever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten, Twelve, Fourteen, Sixteen, Twenty-one, or Twenty-four, as the Case may be,] Years?

Enlisting for either Her Majesty's or the East India Company's

Service.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Arc you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as Her Majesty shall think fit to order, until you shall be duly and legally discharged ?

Enlisting for the East India Company's Service.

Question 8. to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve the East India Company until you shall be legally discharged ?

[Or if the Recruit enlist for limited Service, then insert, or the Period of Years, (if the Person enlisting is

of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards, but if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Years, as the Case

may be, and such Period to be inserted instead of Years,) provided the said Company should so long require your Service ?]

The Blank to be filled up with the Words Infantry or Artillery,

as the Case may be.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

J do make Oath, That the above Questions

have been separately put to me; that the Answers thereto have been read over to me; and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

1 do

.1847. Muttoy. Cap. IX JO?

I do also make Oath, That I mil bo faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies* and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand,

__________Signature of Recruit.

__________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

Signature of Justice._____

If enlisting for either Her Majesty's or the East India Company's Service^ the following Addition is to be made to the foregoing Oath:

Amd that if Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the East India Company, then I swear that I will also be true to the said Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

If enlisting for the East India Company's Service, the following is to be added to the Oath:

And that I also will be true to the said Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

Hone of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of do hereby certify. That in

my Presence all the foregoing Questions were put to;

that the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and, that the Fortieth and Forty-sixth Articles of the Articles of War were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day; that he was

not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that the Place where he swears that he enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence, or within the Division or District or Place for which I act; that I am not an Officer of the Army, and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

__________1__________Signature of Justice.

Form

Cap. 12. Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Form of OAfrH to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

J of do make Oath, That I am

by Trade a, and that was

bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the

Term of Years; and that the said did

on or about the Day of abscond

and quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged

about Years. Witness my Hand at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this I

Day of One thousand eight V

hundred and I

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T one of Her Majesty's Justices of

to wit. j the Peace of certify, That

of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to

him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's

Accounts.

J do solemnly and sincerely declare.

That I have not applied any Monies or Stoi*es or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use^ or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office; and I make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign o^' His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter 62, for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths, and for substituting Declarations in lieu thereof.

Declared before me by the within-named this Day of

Justice of the Peace of, or Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et cetera, the Army serving in et csetera [as the Case may be'].

Mutiny.

Cap. 12.

No.

Description Return of committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a

Deserter from the Regiment of

Age - -{

Height - -j

Complexion --J

Hair ... -

4? s i i i

Marks .<| [

Probable Date of Enlistment, and! where -1 f

Probable Date of Desertion, and from f what Place - -1

Name and Occupation and Ad- I dress of the Person by whom^ apprehended -1 r

Particulars in the Evidence on | which the Prisoner is com-< mi t ted r

Whether the Prisoner was appre- I hended or voluntarily surren-c dered himself as a Deserter - | r

Whether the Prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that he^ is a Deserter - -1 w r

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that be t a Deserter from the above mentioned Corps.

Signature and Addrtu

of Magistrate.

... — Signature of Prisoner.

- .Signature of Informant *

t Insert " is" or w is not," ss the Case may be.

I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him f for Military Service.

Signature of Mi-

Story Medical Officer, or of Private Medicxd Practitioner.

\ Insert "Ilf or " unfit," as the Case may be; and If unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

108 Gap* I3i Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions ' of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of ' Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces

may frequently be quartered or be on Shore, or sent to do c Duty or be on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or c Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships

or Vessels, or they may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the

Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas

no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in c Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm

by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established ' Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact

Discipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or, g stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be

guilty of any other Crime in breach of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow; Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Lord High and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for

m^make*0 *he sa*d Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for exe-

Artides for the cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to make. Punishment of ordain, and establish Rules and Articles of War under the

Beition^&c^0" Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of

ser ion, any Tw0 or m0re of the said Commissioners, for the better

Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of %which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, or to the Discipline of the Royal Navy, which Rules and Articles shall be. judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior

Courts

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13. 107

Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively* and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or the British Isles shall by such Articles be subject to be transported os a Felon or to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Transportation or to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences com- Offences mitted against any former Act made for the Regulation of the fo£T Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any of the and rticleTof Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established w.-ir.

by virtue of the same, may during the Continuance of this Act be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Exgjration of the same: Provided always, that Limitation as no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any 40 Time* Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall extend to the Act to extend Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the to Jersey, &c. Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions therein for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing

and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, military Furniture, or regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and

Cap. 13.

Marine Mutiny.

10 Vict.

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for sameOffence except by cashiering.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.

also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

IV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law for Crimes thereby cognizable; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to .him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine charged with any capital Offence, or with any Violence or Offence against the Person or Property of any of Her Majesty's Subjects punishable by the known Laws of the Land, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

V. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall have been tried before any of the ordinary Courts of Law for any Crime cognizable in such Courts shall be liable to be punished for the same by any Court-martial otherwise than by cashiering; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Aquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed lor such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

VI. 4md it is hereby declared and enacted, That all of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to

issue

1847.

109

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject'to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships shall commit on shore any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial or to Naval Discipline, he shall be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act.

YIT. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Admiral»&c-Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time Comm^on* to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said for holding Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other ma ' c' Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer not below the Degree of a Field Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces under their Command, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for wtyich he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VIII. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial General Courts-convened in Saint Helena, Africa, Honduras, the Australian m*rti*1* Colonies, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers; that if convened in Jamaica, Newfoundland, Bermuda, or the Bahamas, or in any Part out of the Queen's Dominions, excepting the Parts afore mentioned, it shall consist of not less than Seven; and that if convened in any other Part of the Queen's Domi-[A/o. 8. Price 2</.] H nions.

UP

District or

Garrison

Courts-martial.

Divisional

Courts-martial.

Couits-martial oil Dine of March or in Transport Ships, &c.

Courts-martial in special Cases out of the Queen's Dominions.

nions, or of the Settlements of the East India Company, it shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Transportation, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, the Bahamas, Saint Helena, Africa, Jamaica, Honduras, Newfoundland, the Australian Colonies, the Windward and Leeward Islands, British Guiana, and the Settlements on the Coast of China, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and in Africa, when convened for the Trial of Desertion, of not less than Three Commissioned Officers; and such Court-martial shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that such Court-martial shall not have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, nor to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

X. And be it enacted, That a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Officers, unless it be found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, when Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination, or of other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the Offence may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any District Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces which may at any Time be serving out of Her Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to Summon and cause to be assembled a Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers* for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided that no Sentence of

any

1847. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13, }))

any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade,

Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That, when necessary or expedient, Officers of the Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces and of the Royal

Marines may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial, whether the may sit in con* Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is junction on assembled belongs to the Land or Marine Forces; and when Courts'inartiAl* the Person to be tried shall belong to the Royal Marines, then the Proceedings of such Court-martial shall be regulated according to the Provisions of this Act; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Land Forces, then the Provisions of the Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, shall be applicable.

XIV. And be it enacted, That provided there be no Supe- If no Superior rior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command

of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be com^- serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine mandof»D»-Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commis- Q^fan sion from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for Marines may executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, convene a but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Gar- Court-martial, rison Court-martial, to be composed as afore stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial, and that such Courts so convened shall possess the same Power and Authority in awarding Punishments in all respects as if the Court had been assembled under the Act for the Time being for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in the Army: Provided always, that the Sentence so awarded shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District,

Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That the President of every Court- Present of

martial shall be appointed by the Authority convening such urts-, nart, a

Courts, and shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in

chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Prisoner belongs, nor, in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship,

Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission.

XVI. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by Court-mar- Proceedings tial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to TrW# serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read

H 2 over

112

Swearing ard

summoning

Witnesses.

over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he object* to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President such Objection shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed, but if lie object to any Officer other than the President such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer, in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed, shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing the Court shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil and Military, who may be required to give Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial, by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Courtrmartial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid

1847.

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13. 113

said who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse, to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or the Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute, or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made in like Manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That after a Prisoner has been Previous Confound guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before which Action* to be any such Prisoner shall have been tried shall, before passing PullnEvldenc«-Sentence on such Prisoner, and for the Purpose only of affixing Punishment, receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial, the Proceedings of which have been duly confirmed, and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court shall receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of such Prisoner by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, where the Offence charged in the Indictment was of a felonious, fraudulent, or unnatural Nature; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Charges, Finding, and Sentence of the Court, and of the Minute of Confirmation of such Finding and Sentence made from the original Minutes of such Court, or from the Court-martial Book, and which shall further purport to be signed by the Judge Advocate, or by the Officer officiating as such, or by the Officer confirming the Proceedings, in case such Copy be taken from the original Minutes, or by the Commanding Officer,

Adjutant, or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book, in case such Copy be taken from the said Book, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall* not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein-before provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, containing the Substance and Effect of any Indictment, omitting the formal Part, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have

H 3 signed

L.

tl4 Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Report of Proceedings of Courts-martial.

No second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proofs'of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the said Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall have been so found guilty.

XIX. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as such at a General Court-martial, and the President of every District or Garrison Court-martial, are required to transmit, with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person on his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XX. And be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier being acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on any Revision.

XXI. And be it enacted, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subject to, or not be liable or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces,

or

or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

XXII. And be it enacted, That no Judgment of Death by Judgment of Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Deftth* Officers present shall concur therein.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That whensoever any General Commutation Court-martial by which any Marine shall have been tried and °(Death fo* convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think 'lran4Portation-the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the

Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Marine or as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which Her Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Marine or as a Soldier in any Corps which Her Majesty shall please to direct: Provided that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces in India, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported

H 4 as

Embesilement

punishable by Transportation.

Transportation of Offenders.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Officer and other Person employed in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces or for their Use, who shall qjnbezzle or fraudulently misapply, damage, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military or Royal Marine Stores, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving Her Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expence the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of the Loss or Damage incurred, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known; and every Officer sentenced to be transported as a Felon, when such Sentence shall be duly confirmed, shall thereupon cease to belong to Her Majesty's Service, and for ever be incapable of serving Her Majesty in any Military Capacity.

XXV. And be it enacted, That whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute, as herein provided, any Sentence of Death which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders

1847.

117

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

in relation to the Transportation of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of such Order as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and sentenced to be transported, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or their being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sentence of in the Colonies. Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign

Dominions

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender in like Manner as for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of any other Convict; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed to some Colony or Place in obedience to the Directions for the Removal of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender on being so removed shall undergo the Sentence of Transportation which has been passed upon him in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be there imprisoned and kept to hard Labour and otherwise dealt with Under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he liad been sentenced to be imprisoned with hard Labour during the Term of his Transportation by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That when any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Transportation, or when any Translation. Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to be transported as authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Transportation to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison, the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division upon Production to him by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

Power to inflict

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may Corporal sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, not extending to

Punishment. J 1 f-n

life

Disposal of Convict after

V/m Aiinn a!

184T. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

Lift or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, provided that no such Sentence of Corporal Punishment c^ceecj Fifty Lashes.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding One Year.

XXX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or any Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain tod Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Garrison or District, Divisional or Detachment Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment, or any Part thereof, to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty Days.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That any General Cotirt-martial mayi in addition to any other Punishment which it may be competent to award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Ad-Tantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely; whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, according to the Nature of the Case; and that any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Sentence which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, with Intent to render himself or such other Marine unfit fot Service:

In tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In mali^nering or feigning Disease:

In stealing or embezzling Government Stores, or in receiving them knowing them to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

Ih stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying public Motley entrusted to him:

Or

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment.

Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-martial.

Forfeiture of P»7 on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement, or during Absence on Commitment under a Charge, or in arrest for Debt, or when Prisoner of War,

or when convicted of Desertion.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Or in committing any Offence of a felonious or fraudulent 'Nature to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every Marine who shall be found guilty of Desertion by a Court-martial, such Finding having been duly approved, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed therein, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in arrest for Debt; and that when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to Receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and that any Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion or of Absence without Leave shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any Period not exceeding Five Days, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Marine sh^ll be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without hard Labour, or with or without solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding

1847< Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13. 121

manding Officer may, moreover, order that, in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days on which he shall have so absented himself, and, in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited; provided that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Courts martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Bight to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture; provided that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any OflScer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any General or District Forfeiture of Court-martial, before which any Marine shall be convicted of P«y Liquo habitual Drunkenness, shall, in addition to any other Punish- ^unkeimtL, ment which such Court is competent to award, deprive such

Marine of his Allowance in lieu of Beer at home, or of his Liquor when issued in Kind abroad, or of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and after any other Punishment which the Court may award every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine, if convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Allowance in lieu of Beer at home, or of his Liquor when issued in Kind abroad, or of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay, for such Period riot exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That any Court-martial may Forfeiture of sentence any Marine for being drunk when on or for Duty or Parade, or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a 0Il Duty#

Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That, in addition to any other Stoppages. Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages

until he shall have made good —

Any Loss or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified:

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any

m

Cap. 13. Marine, 10 VipT(

Discharge with IgDommy.

Marking

Deserters.

Power of I indifferent Kinds of Courts-martial.

Imprisonment of Offenders Iready under

Any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, biff Accoutrements or Necessaries, or any Loss or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, the Accoutrements or Necessaries of any other Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expence necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss or Destruction of Accoutrements and Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Destruction, Damage, or Injury, or Expence, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that after satisfying the Charges for his messing and washing, so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Marina shall have been convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and the Court in respect thereof shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That on the first and on every subsequent Conviction of Desertion the Court-martial, after awarding such Punishment as it may think fit, may order the Offender to be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpow'der or other Preparation so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That a General or District Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment with or without hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment not exceeding Twenty-eight Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and that any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marino to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty Days, or to solitary Confinement for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, or may sentence a Marine to Imprisonment, Part thereof to be with or without hard Labour, and Part thereof in solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when such Court shall direct the Imprisonment to be Part in solitary Confinement and Part otherwise, the whole Period of such Imprisonment shall not exceed Twenty Days, and the Part thereof in solitary Confinement shall not exceed Ten Days,

XL. And be it enacted, That whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on a Person already imprisoned

under

1847. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

under Sentence of a Court-martial for any former Offence, it Sentence for shall be lawful for the Court to award Imprisonment for the Prcviou* subsequent Offence, to commence at the Expiration of the Ira- ence' prisonment to which such Person shall have been previously sentenced; and where such Person shall be already under Sentence, cither of Imprisonment or Transportation, the Court, if empowered to pass Sentence of Transportation, may award such Sentence for the subsequent Offence, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Transportation to which such Person shall have been previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Transportation respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments would be otherwise awarded.

XLI. And be it enacted, That, save as herein specially pro- Term and Place vided, every Term of Imprisonment under the Sentence of a of I, nl)rison-Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as ment* commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall have been signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District,

Garrison, Island, or Colony.

XLII. And be it enacted, That in the Case of a Prisoner Proviso for undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-mar-tial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer commanding the Division in the Case of a Prisoner imprisoned under the Sentence of a Divisional Court-martial, of his sole Authority, and in all other Cases with the Consent of the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, or of the Officer by whom the Sentence of the Court shall have been confirmed, as the Case may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial, and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided also, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every Governor, Provost Custody of Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's trace in Cora-

Dominions, mon Gaol*.

10 Vict.

Their Subsistence in Common Gaols.

Expiration of Imprisonment in Common Gaols,

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny.

Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without hard Labour, and with or without solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lockup House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Marine with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine upon Application in Writing, signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expence of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XLV. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have reason to believe or to know, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Marine liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall, on receiving him into Custody, and also previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the

Secretary

1847.

125

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 18.

Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of.

Twenty Pounds.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every Military Prison which Miitory Prisons shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing "fcjblished Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army JJuniL'ng and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within Mutiny and the Meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force Desertion in for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and dee^°Public that any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may Prisons, be sent, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office

of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That Musters, as have been Musters, and customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial for any such Offence, be forthwith cashiered, and disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the Service of Her Majesty; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Verifying of Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall Muster lioiu [iVi?. 9. Price 2d.'] I be

126

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Re-enlistment.

Apprehension of Deserters.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or Ins Clerk.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from Her Majesty's Service, although he may of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted, and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps into which he originally enlisted, or for deserting from the same Corps into which he may have subsequently enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may be so tried may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

L. And be it enacted, That upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter, it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then it shall be lawful for any Officer or Marine in Her Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to bring or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough, and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and if it shall appear by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within Five Miles of the Place of Apprehension, or if such Head Quarters or Depot shall not be stationed within Five Miles, then to the nearest or most' convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison), whether such Prison be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed or not; or if the Deserter shall have been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody, and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order for his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depdt of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty

1847.

127

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

miralty shall tfanstnit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of the same; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in the Colony, or if the Detachment be in the Colony, the Justice may, if within reasonable Distance, deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to winch such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding in the Colony a descriptive Return in the Form prescribed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

LI. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall nave arrived at his Destination, and such Gaoler or Person shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

LIL. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, while serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer thereof, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly

I 2 enlisted

Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

128

10 Vld*.

7 & 8 G.4. c. 29.

9G.4. c. 55.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny.

enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition (as the Case may be), shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition (as the Case may be), and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient

1847. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

LIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall on Conviction thereof be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LIV. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice, who shall be satisfied of such Necessity, to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

LV. And be it enacted, That no Person whatever enlisted into Her Majesty's Service as a Marine shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom by reason of the Warrant of any Justice or other Process for not supporting or leaving chargeable on any Parish, Township, or Union any Wife or any Child or Children, or (except in the Case of an Apprentice) on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and no Person enlisted as a Marine shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for some criminal Matter, unless an Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff, or some one

I 3 on

129

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert

Extension of Furlough in case of Sick-

Marines not to be taken for Debts undfer 30/., or for not supporting Family.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny, 10 Vict.

on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, before some Judge of the Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, of which Affidavit a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought or Execution sued out amounts to the Value of Thirty Pounds at least over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions on which the same shall be grounded; and any Judge- of such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine without Fee, he being shown to be duly enlisted, and to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid; provided that any Plaintiff upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing tQ any Marine, or left at his last Quarters or Place of Residence before such listing, may file a common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, and proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and have Execution other than against the Body.

LVI. And be it enacted, That no Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

LVII. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or shall be capable of holding any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money (knowing it to be such) to serve in the Royal Marines from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, and being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall, within Twelve Hours after the Receipt of the Enlisting Money, cause to be taken down in Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit, and, if such Recruit shall not reside in or in the Vicinity of the Town or Place where he offered to enlist, the Place also at which he shall declare that he intends to sleep, in order that, within Forty-eight Hours but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours (any intervening Sunday not included) after his having received the Enlisting Money,

Notice

1847.

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

Notice of his haying so enlisted be given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, or at the Place where he stated that it was his Intention to deep; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine he shall within Four Days (any intervening Sunday not included) but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, unless he shall voluntarily have absented himself or absconded, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Partjr with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice, not being an Officer in the Marines, residing in the Vicinity of the Place or acting for the Division or District or Place where such Recruit shall have enlisted, or where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party shall be stationed, and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall then and there, in the Presence of the said Recruit, record or cause to be recorded in Writing his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to read over, or cause his Clerk in his Presence to read over, to such Recruit the several Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed applicable to the Case of a Recruit, and no other Oaths, any thing in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Fee for administering such Oath shall be One Shilling and no more; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Cei> tificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

LIX. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as Dissent *nd aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Belief from Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to his Enlistment, shall be forthwith discharged in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice; provided that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice upon Proof to his Satisfaction's hat the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such

I 4 Recruit

132 Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Offences connected with Enlistment *

Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting One Shilling, as the Fee to his Clerk for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto, and demanding the same; provided that no Recruit who has actually though erroneously been discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from Her Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give to him a Certificate under his Hand specifying the Cause thereof.

LX. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to

fo before a Justice, or shall absent himself from the Recruiting 'any or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Private in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit were disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted; provided that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that* in the event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he shall be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and it shall be Lawful for any Two Justices acting for the County, Division, District, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, when any such Recruit shall be brought, and shall be proved upon Oath before them to have concealed his belonging or having

belonged

m

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 18.

belonged to the Militia, Or any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or the Forces of the East India Company, and discharged, or to have concealed his having been discharged on any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any Infirmity, or designedly made any false Representation at or previously to the Time of receiving Enlisting Money or upon being attested, to adjudge such Recruit, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law may be inflicted on Rogues and Vagabonds, and to adjudge such Person, if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned with hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Months; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into Her Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and such Recruit, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, and any such Recruit shall be tried for any such Offence in any County or Place where he may at any Time happen to be; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his having been attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in Her Majesty's Service, or to Her Majesty's Navy or Marine, or Ordnance, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and such Proof of such Acknowledgment shall be certified to the Secretary of the Admiralty by the Justice before whom such Proof shall have been given; and any Man having been enrolled to serve- in the Militia at the Time of offering to enlist into the Marines who shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, cither upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his

own

7 & 8 G.4. c. 29.

9 G. 4. c. 55.

10 Vict.

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Cap. 13w Marine Mutiny.

own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation and the before-mentioned Acknowledgment of such Person, certified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable, and shall from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Marine to the Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces into which he has so enlisted: Provided also, that every such Person shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in which he has so enlisted during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and be liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Marines if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve therein.

LXI. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer who shall wilfully act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enfisting and attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service.

LXII. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before-recited Acts, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making Ms Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, (not having been above the Age*of Fourteen Years when so bound,) and, if in Ireland or in the British

Isles,

1847. Manne Mutirfy. Cap. 13. 14U5

Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract of Indenture of Apprenticeship* duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age; provided that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by No Apprentice his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, dmimediiy tiic Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a taken^y Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdic- without a War-tion such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom rant-he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and Punishment of such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Apprentices Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the en *8tlDg* said Place, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in

Servants enliaU ing to be entitled to a Portion of their Wages.

Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Marines.

Admiralty may order Pay to be withheld.

Billeting of Marines.

Cap. 13. Marim Mutiny. 10 Vict.

such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment?; provided that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

LXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and if the same be not paid within Four Days shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of* the Master.

LXVI. And whereas certain Marines who have heretofore been duly enlisted, and who have voluntarily taken the Oath

of Allegiance and Fidelity, and are now receiving Her Majesty's Pay, have been sworn and attested, but Doubts have arisen whether the Justices before whom the said Marines

have been so sworn and attested were the proper Justices to administer to such Marines the Oaths prescribed by the several Acts passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal

Marine Forces while on shore; be it enacted, That in every Case where any such Marine having been duly enlisted shall have been so attested and sworn, and shall not have claimed to be discharged on or before the Seventeenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, he shall not be entitled to his Discharge by reason of such Informality, but shall be liable to all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, where in force, and shall be entitled to the full Benefit of his past Service, and to all Pay and Pension in respect thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, and in like Manner, as if he had been duly attested and sworn.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

LXVIII. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the^ marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore; be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13.

billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all B&t and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses, and be furnished with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in one rand the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet nil Marines on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were therein locally situated: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person having Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the

Convenience

m

Allowance to Innkeepers.

Cap. 13^' Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to their Houses; and it shall be lawful for Constables to billet Officers and Marines in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billeted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided always, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing. Quarters under this Act.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in England shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in England, except when on the March, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of a Halfpenny per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Nine-pence per Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person for Horses billeted by virtue of this Act shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority

from

1847. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13. 139

from Time to Time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are billeted, the Sum of Four-pence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of the Officers and Men shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons on whom such Men are billeted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses at the next Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Quarters are situate, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer, and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer not being enabled to make immediate Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid and charged to the Officer's Account

LXX. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision Supply of Car-of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage r, ages* on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, shall, on the Production of such Order to them, or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place, from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him

to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to hirnish the same accordingly; and in case

sufficient

14a

10 Vict.

Rates for Carriages.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny.

sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

LXXI. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Nine-pence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel. Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundred Weight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Four-pence, Three-pence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions in England for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town, Corporate or not Corporate; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and one other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be

<847. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13# 141

be given to the Officer commanding, as his Voucher: Provided always, that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England^ pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable: Provided also, that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland, consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expence of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a .Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Prorlding for Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Supply of Car-Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief cISsof Emer-Governors of Ireland, by their or his Orders distinctly stating geucy. that a Cause of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary

Justices of Peace to direct Payment of Sums expended for Carriages, &c.

Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may depute Persons to sign Routes.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 VICT,

or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, hut also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Post Chaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition to such Justice by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such public Stock be insufficient then out of the Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Tune

being

1847. Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13. 143

being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emer-

fency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine orces in Ireland in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Marines, Exemption being in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses, frora Tolls' (but not when passing in any private or hired Vehicle,) and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service, under the Provisions of this Act, when employed in conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or hereafter to be made; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marina who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service, under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats,

Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Maimer as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Marine upon being Marching discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance y on (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days arge* Marching Money) to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire,

K 2 before

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Marines.

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging tb the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of such Notification.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner hereinbefore directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw, for each Horse, at the Rate established by this Act, and in such Quantities as shall be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding Eighteen Pounds of Hay and Six Pounds of Straw per Diem for each Horse, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or

Refusal

145

Marine Mutiny,

Cap. 13 *

Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any Officer of Royal Penalty upon Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is Marin" w allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Com- offending, pulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do any thing contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate thereof be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been -transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency, for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the 8ame shall be required and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer who Penalty for shall, without Warrant from One or more of Her Majesty's forcible Entry. Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXI. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall Penalty for detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Marine ciothes!°&c. or Marine Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or from any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Marine, or Marine.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny. 10 Vict.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

shall be employed by any Marine, knowing him to be such, to sell any Anns, Ammunition, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which according to the Custom of the Marine Corps are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammunition, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, or Necessaries to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, and shall be convicted thereof by One or more Justices of the Peace, every such Offender shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House or Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the Conviction certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove a Conviction for the former Offence; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before such Justice, to be dealt with according to Law.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That all the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes

147

Marine Mutiny. Cap. 13 *

etitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIII. And for the better Preservation of the Game Penalty on and Fish in or near such Place where any Officer shall at any Officers killing Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, ame* without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, and who upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be Limitation ot brought against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial to Actions* be assembled under the Authority of this Act, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for any thing done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, the same shall be brought in some one of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and that it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial, and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That all Offences for which Recovery of any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Penalties-Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Pro- sG, 4. c. 2S. ceedings before Justices of the Peace and others, and by another Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty,

K intituled

A

10 Vict.

5 G. 4. c. 18.

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W. 4. C. 76.

Licences of Canteens.

Cap. 13. Marine Mutiny.

intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders, and for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Months; which said recited Acts shall be used and applied in Scotland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Acts had extended to Scotland, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

LXXXVI. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct; any thing in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

LXXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper

Officers

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 13.

149

Administration of Oaths.

Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the Mode of record. United Kingdom, within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall ^t*e^tine* be quartered on shore, may summon such Marine before him, emc which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LXXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person Perjury, giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration in any Case wherein an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Pequry, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to.

XC. And be it enacted, That all Clauses and Provisions in Definition of this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to Terms-extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Head-boroughs, and such like Officers, and Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and High Constables, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other chief Officers and

Magistrates

150

10 Via

Cap. 13.

Marine Mutiny.

Act.

Act may be amended) Ac.

Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and aS Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, sad to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Inland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in England in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences: nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose ealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchsn-

n Brandy and strong Waters, so as such JJwtillen and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly credited as such.

Xul. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West India and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight inclusive; and in all other Places fro the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven until the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight inclusive.

XCII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Marine Mutiny.

Cap. 13.

151

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial *

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

J do Swear. That I will truly administer Justice,

according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if . any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases; and I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover die Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law.

So help me GOD.

Form of OATn of Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Questions to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

1.

2.

3.

What is your Name ?

In what Parish, and in or near County, were you bom ? What is your Age ?

what Town, and in what

4. "What

10 Vict.

4. What Is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject to

Fits; or nave you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour ?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Royal

Marine Forces until you shall be legally discharged?

9. On what Day, at what Hour of the Day, and where and

by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your

Enlistment ?

12. Do you now belong to the Militia?

13. Do you belong to any Regiment, or to the Marines,

Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company ?

14. Have you served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or

Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?

15. Have your ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's

Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note* — The Justice is directed first to ascertain that Twenty-four Hours have elapsed since the Enlistment took place, and in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

# If so, the Recruit is to state the Particulars of his former Service, and the Cause of his Discharge, and is to produce the Certificate of his Discharge, if he has it with him.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

J do make Oath, That the above Questions

have been separately put to me, that the Answers thereto have been read over to me, and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown,

and

and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand,

__________Signature of the Recruit

__________Witness present

Sworn before me at this

Day of -One thousand eight hundred and at

o'Clock.

__________Signature of the Justice.

Certificate to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet, Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any distinctive Mark.

1 J one of Her Majesty's Justices of the

to wit. j* Peace at do hereby certify, That the

above is the Description of the Recruit; and

in my Presence all the foregoing Questions were put to the said that the Answers written opposite to them

are those which he gave to me; and that the Thirtieth and Thirty-sixth Articles of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day;

that he was not attested until Twenty-four Hours had elapsed after he received Enlisting Money; that [this

Blank is to be supplied by the Words " the Place where he swears that he is enlisted is in the Vicinity of my Residence," or by the Words " the Place where he swears that he enlisted is within the Division, District, or Place for which I act," or by the Words "I am acting within the Division, District, or Place where the Head Quarters of the Recruiting Party is stationed," as the Case may be]; that I am not an Officer in the Marines, and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate signed with my Name.

__________ Signature of the Justice.

Form

154

Cap. IS,

Marine Mutiny.

10 Vict.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

J of do make Oath, That I am

by Trade a, and that

was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of, for the

Term of Years; and that the said did

on or about the Day of last abscond and

quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about

Years. Witness my Hand at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this 1

Day of One thousand eight >

hundred and J

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T one of Her Majesty's Justices of the

to wit. j Peace of certify. That

of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to him

in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of, for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without

his Consent; and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Description

1847,

Op. 13.

155

Marine Mutiny.

Description Return of committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a

Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age - { -

Height { Feet. Inohes.

Complexion -{

Hair -{

Eyes {

Marks {

Probable Date of Enlistment, where - - and f

Probable Date of Desertion, and from j what Place -

Name and Occupation and Ad- j dress of the Person by whom< apprehended -1

J Particulars of the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed

\Whether the Prisoner was apprehended or ^voluntarily surren dered himself as a Deserter

: {

[Whether the Prisoner confessed j before the Magistrate that he< is a Deserter - -1

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that be f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

Signature and Address

of Magistrate.

- Signature of Prisoner.

-- Signature of Informant.

t Insertc* U M or M Is not," as the Case may be *

I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him $ for Military Service.

Signature of Mi-

Utary Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insertor "unfit," as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

Cap. 14.

Markets and Fairs Clauses.

10 VICT

CAP. XIV.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for constructing or regulating Markets and Fairs.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in One Act ' sundry Provisions usually contained in Acts of Parliament authorizing the Construction or Regulation of Markets ' and Fairs, and that as well for avoiding the Necessity of ' repeating such Provisions in each of the several Acts relating ' to such Undertakings as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Extent of Act. same. That this Act shall extend only to such Markets or Fairs as shall be authorized by any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith; and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by any such Act, shall apply to the Undertaking authorized thereby, so far as the same shall be applicable to such Undertaking, and shall, with the Clauses of every other Act which shall be incorporated therewith, form Part of such Act, and be construed therewith forming One Act.

as

Interpretations in this Act:

u special Act: '

" prescribed

M the Lands; *

" the Undertaking: *

" Undertakers.

Interpretations in this and the special Act;

And with respect to the Construction of this Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows:

II. The Expression the special Act" used in this Act shall be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed authorizing the Construction or Regulation of a Market or Fair, and with which this Act shall be incorporated; and the Word " prescribed " used in this Act in reference to any Matter herein stated shall be construed to refer to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the special Act, and the Sentence in which such Word occurs shall be construed as if instead of the Word " prescribed" the Expression " prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act " had been used; and the Expression " the Lands" shall mean the Lands which shall by the special Act be authorized to be taken or used for the Purposes thereof; and the Expression " the Undertaking" shall mean the Market or Fair, and the Works connected therewith, by the special Act authorized to be constructed or regulated; and the Expression u the Undertakers" shall mean the Persons authorized by the special Act to construct or regulate the Market or Fair.

III. The following Words and Expressions in both this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words

1847.

Markets and Fairs Clauses

157

Cap. 14.

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Number: Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include also the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Gender: Females:

The Word " Person " shall include a Corporation, whether " Person:" aggregate or sole:

The Word "Lands" shall include Messuages, Lands, Tene- "Lands:* ments, and Hereditaments or Heritages of any Tenure:

The Word " Lease" shall include a Missive of and an "Lease:" Agreement for a Lease:

The Expression " the Market or Fair" shall mean the " the Market Market or Fair, and the Works connected therewith, by or Fair:" the special Act authorized to be constructed or regulated:

The Word "Cart" shall include Waggon, and also any "Cart:" Carriage used wholly or chiefly for the Conveyance of Goods:

The Word "Driver" shall include the Carter or other "Driver:" Person having the Care of any Cart:

The Word " Cattle " shall include Horse, Ass, Mule, Pam," Cattle Ewe, Wether, Lamb, Goat, Kid, or Swine:

The Expression " the Collector" shall mean the Person ap- Collector pointed by the Undertakers to collect the Stallages, Rents, or Tolls authorized by the special Act, shall include the Assistants of the Collector:

The Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month: M Month

The Expression " Superior Courts," when the Matter sub- " Superior mitted to the Cognizance of the Court arises in England Courts:" or Ireland, shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Court of Pleas of the County of Durham; and when such Matter arises in Scotland it shall mean the Court of Session:

The Word "Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Case of "Oath*." Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word " County" shall include Riding or other Division "County:* of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace; and in Scotland, Stewartry, and any Ward or other Division of a County or Stewartry, having a separate Sheriff, and it shall also include County of a City or County of a Town:

The Word "Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting "Justice:" for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises; and if such Matter arise in respect of Lands situated not wholly in any one Jurisdiction shall mean a Justice acting for the Place where any Part of such Lands shall be situated; and where any Matter is authorized or required to be done by Two Justices,

1

Markets and Fairs Clauses.

10 Vict.

" Two Justices :H

" Sheriff:"

" Quarter Sessions."

Citing the Act.

Short Title of this Act.

Form in which Portions of this Act may be incorporated in other Acts.

Construction of Marketer Fair.

Construction of Markets or Fairs to be subject to the Provisions of this Act and One of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845.

Cap. 14.

the Expression " Two Justices " shall be understood to mean Two or more Justices assembled and acting together:

The Word " Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff Depute of the County or Ward of a County in Scotland and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Scotland in which the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Sheriff arises, and shall include the Substitutes of such Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute respectively:

The Expression " Quarter Sessions" shall mean Quarter Sessions as defined in the special Act; and if such Expression be not there defined it shall mean the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held at the Place nearest to the Market or Fair, or the principal Office thereof, for the County or Place in which the Market or Fair is situate, or for some Division of such County having a separate Commission of the Peace.

And with respect to citing this Act, or any Part thereof, be it enacted as follows:

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Markets and Fairs Clauses Act, 1847."

V. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act with any Act hereafter to be passed it shall be enough to describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act, and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of such Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

And with respect to the Construction of the Market or Fair, and the Works connected therewith, be it enacted as follows:

VI. Where by the special Act the Undertakers shall be empowered, for the Purpose of constructing the Market or Fair, to take or use any Lands otherwise than with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, they shall, in exercising the Power so given to them, be subject to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this Act and in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, when the special Act relates to England or Ireland, and to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this Act and the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, when the special Act relates to Scotland; and the Undertakers shall make to the Owners and Occupiers of and all other Parties interested in any Lands taken or used for the Purposes of the special Act, or injuriously affected by the Construction of the Works thereby authorized, full Compensation for the Value of the Lands so taken or used, and for all Damage sustained by such

Owners,

159

1847. Markets and Fairs Clauses. Cap. 14.

Owners, Occupiers, and other Persons by reason of the Exercise* Construction ©/ as to such Lands, of the Powers vested in the Undertakers by Marke£ w Fatr' this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith; and, except where otherwise provided by this or the special Act, the Amount of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts respectively for determining Questions of Compensation with regard to Lands purchased or taken under the Provisions thereof; and all the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Acts respectively shall be applicable to determine the Amount of any such Compensation, and to enforce Payment or other Satisfaction thereof.

VII. If any Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description Errors and shall have been made of any Lands, or of the Owners, Lessees, Om^0ftinor or Occupiers of any Lands, described or purporting to be schedules* °F described in the special Act, or in the Schedule thereto, the thereto, may be Undertakers, after giving Ten Days Notice to the Owners, corrected by Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands affected by such proposed Jho^sbSi certify Correction, may apply in England or Ireland to Two Justices, the same, and in Scotland to the Sheriff, for the Correction thereof; and

if it appear to such Justices or Sheriff that such Omission, Misstatement, or wrong Description arose from Mistake, they or he shall certify the same accordingly, and shall in such Certificate state the Particulars of any such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description; and such Certificate shall be deposited in Certificate to England or Ireland with the Clerk of the Peace, and in Scot- deposited. land with the Sheriff Clerk of the County in which the Lands affected thereby shall be situated, or, where any such Lands are situated in a Royal Burgh in Scotland, with the Town Clerk of such Burgh; and such Certificate shall be kept by such Clerk of the Peace, Sheriff Clerk, or Town Clerk with the other Documents to which they relate, and thereupon the special Act or Schedule shall be deemed to be corrected acconiing to such Certificate; and the Undertakers may make the Works in accordance with such Certificate as if such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description had not been made.

VIII. Copies of any such Alteration or Correction thereof, Copies of Al-

or Extracts therefrom, certified by any such Clerk of the Peace, &c*to

Sheriff Clerk, or Town Clerk in whose Custody the same may V1 ence* be, which Certificate such Clerk shall give to all Parties interested when required, shall be received in all Courts of Justice and elsewhere as Evidence of the Contents thereof.

IX. The Undertakers, in addition to the Lands authorized Additional to be taken compulsorily, or to be appropriated by them for the Lfnds#.raay1x5 Purposes of the Market or Fair, under the Powers of this and the special Act, may appropriate any Lands vested in them, or poses, may contract with any Person willing to sell the same for the Purchase of any Land within the Limits of the special Act, not exceeding in the whole the prescribed Number of Acres for extraordinary Purposes; (that is to say,)

For providing Slaughter-houses, (if the Undertakers shall be authorized by the special Act to provide Slaughter-houses,) and Houses and Places for weighing Carts;

L 2 For

Construction of Markets or Fairs.

Undertakers, subject to Provisions of this and the special Act, may execute the Works herein named.

Undertakers to make Satisfaction for Damage done.

Holding of Market, £c.

Before the Market or Fair shall be opened Notice to be given by Undertakers.

Sales elsewhere than in Markets prohibited under a Penalty not exceeding

40#.

Market Days.

Penaty for selling or exposing for Sale

Cap. 14. Markets and Fairs Clauses. 10 Vict.

For making convenient Roads and Approaches to the Market or Fair:

For any other Purpose which may be necessary for the Formation or convenient Use of the Market or Fair.

X. Subject to the Provisions in this and the special Act and any Act incorporated therewith, the Undertakers for the Purpose of constructing a Place for holding the Market or Fair may execute any of the following Works; (that is to say,)

They may enter upon any Lands described in the special Act, or the Schedule thereto, and other Lands purchased by them or belonging to them, and set out such Parts as they think necessary for the Purposes of the Market or Fair, and thereupon from Time to Time build and maintain such Market Places or Places for Fairs, and such Stalls, Sheds, Pens, and other Buildings or Conveniences for the Use of the Persons frequenting the Market or Fair, and for weighing and measuring Goods sold in the Market or Fair, and for weighing Carts, as they may think necessary:

They may from Time to Time on such Lands as aforesaid make and maintain all such Roads and Approaches as they may think necessary for the convenient Use of the Persons resorting to the Market or Fair.

XI. Provided always, That in the Exercise of the Powers by this or the special Act granted the Undertakers shall do aa little Damage as can be, and shall make full Satisfaction, in manner herein and by the special Act and any Act incorporated therewith provided, to all Parties interested, for all Damages sustained by them by reason of the Exercise of such Powers.

And with respect to the holding of the Market or Fair, and the Protection thereof, be it enacted as follows:

XII. Before the Market or Fair shall be opened for public Use the Undertakers shall give not less than Ten Days Notice of the Time when the same will be opened, and such Notice shall be given by the Publication thereof in some Newspaper circulating within the Limits of the special Act, and by printed Handbills posted on some conspicuous Place within those Limits.

XIII. After the Market Place is opened for public Use every Person other than a licensed Hawker who shall sell or expose for Sale in any Place within the prescribed Limits, except in his own Dwelling Place or Shop, any Articles in respect of which Tolls are by the special Act authorized to be taken in the Market, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIV. After the Market Place or Place for Fairs is opened for public Use the Undertakers shall hold Markets and Fairs therein on the prescribed Days (if any), and on such other Days as the Undertakers shall appoint from Time to Time by any Bye Law to be made in pursuance of this or the special Act.

XV. Every Person who shall sell or expose for Sale any unwholesome Meat or Provisions in the Market or Fair shall be

1847.

Markets and Fairs Clauses.

Cap. 14.

161

Slaughter-

houses.

be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every unwholesome such Offence; and any Inspector of Provisions appointed by the &Cm Undertakers may seize such unwholesome Meat or Provisions, and carry the same before a Justice, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as are herein-after directed to be had in the Case of any Cattle or Carcase seized in any Slaughterhouse, and carried before a Justice; and every Person who shall Penalty on ob-obstruct or hinder the Inspector of Provisions from seizing or 8tructins In-. carrying away such unwholesome Meat or Provisions shall be *peclor' liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XVI. Every Person who shall assault or obstruct any Person Penalty for appointed by the Undertakers to superintend the Market or obstructing^ # Fair, or to keep Order therein, whilst in the Execution of his Keeper.^ Duty, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

And with respect to Slaughter-houses, be it enacted as follows: # ____

XVII. Where by the special Act the Undertakers shall be Power to erect empowered to provide Slaughter-houses they may from Time to h^fautho. Time erect, on any Land purchased by them under the Pro- niedby the °" visions of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated there- *peciai Act. with, any Buildings, or set apart and improve any Buildings belonging to them, for the slaughtering of Cattle, and so soon

as the same shall be ready for public Use the Undertakers shall give Notice to that Effect by the Publication thereof in some Newspaper circulating within the Limits of the special Act, and by printed Handbills posted on some conspicuous Place within the said Limits.

XVIII. Provided that nothing in this or the special Act, or Nothing to pro-any Act incorporated therewith, shall protect the Undertakers

from an Indictment for Nuisance, or from any other legal for

Proceeding, in respect of any such Slaughter-house as aforesaid. Nuisance.

XIX After the Expiration of Ten Days from the Publica- Penalty on tion and posting of such Notice no Person shall slaughter any

Cattle or dress any Carcase for Sale as Human Food or Food elsewhere than of Man in any Place within the Limits of the special Act other in an autho-than a Slaughter-house which was in use as such before and at "^laughter' the Time of the passing of the special Act, and has so continued ever since, or the Slaughter-houses made in pursuance of this and the special Act; and every Person who shall, after such Notice as aforesaid, slaughter any such Cattle or dress for Sale any such Carcase within the Limits of the special Act in any Place other than one of such Slaughter-houses, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XX The Inspector of Provisions, or any Officer appointed inspector may by the Undertakers for that Purpose, may at all Times of the *nte^ii" Day, with or without Assistants, enter into and inspect all houses.*118 Buildings erected or set apart by the Undertakers for slaughtering Cattle, and examine whether any Cattle or the Carcase of

any Cattle is deposited there; and in case such Officer shall find

L 3 any

v

162

Markets and Fairs Clauses.

10 VICT

Cap. 14.

any battle, or the Carcase or Part of the Carcase of any rad

____ Cattle, which shall appear unfit'for the Food of Man, he may

seize and carry the same before a Justice, and such Justice shall forthwith order the same to be further inspected and examine! by competent Persons; and in case upon such Inspection tad Examination such Cattle, Carcase or Part of a Carcase, shall be found unfit for the Food of Man, such Justice shall ordertk same to be immediately destroyed or otherwise disposed of in such Way as to prevent the same being exposed for Sale or used for the Food of Man; and every Person who shall obstruct or hinder such Inspector or other Officer in the Discharge of any of the Duties aforesaid shall be liable to a Penalty m exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

Weighing of And with respect to weighing Goods and Carta, be it enacted

Goods and Carts. a8follows:

Undertakers to provide proper Weights and Measures for weighing Commodities sold at Markets and Fairs.

Articles to be weighed if requested by tho Buyer.

Penalty for Refusal.

Penalty on Persons appointed refusing to weigh.

Undertakers to keep proper Machines for weighing Carts laden with Goods.

Carts to be weighed at one of the Machines erected by the Undertakers.

XXI. The Undertakers shall provide sufficient and proper Weighing Houses or Places for weighing or measuring tk Commodities sold in the Market or Fair, and shall keep therm proper Weights, Scales, and Measures according to the Standd Weights and Measures for the Time being for weighing rack Commodities as aforesaid, and shall appoint proper Person* t< attend to the weighing or measuring such Commodities at iC Times during which the Market or Fair is holden.

XXII. Every Person selling or offering for Sale any Article in the Market or Fair shall, if required so to do by the Buyer, cause the same to be weighed or measured by the Weights and Scales or Measures provided by the Undertakers; and any rad Person who shall refuse, on Demand, o cause such Articles tc be weighed or measured in maimer aforesaid, shall be liable to s Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. Every Person appointed by the Undertakers tf weigh or measure any Articles sold in the Market or Fair who shall refuse or neglect to weigh or measure the same when required shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIV. The Undertakers shall provide sufficient and proper Buildings or Places for weighing Carts in which Goods are brought for Sale within the Market or Fair or the prescribed Limits, and shall keep therein Machines and Weights proper for that Purpose, and shall from Time to Time appoint a Perm in every such Building or Place to afford the Use of such Machines to the Public by weighing such Carts, with or without their Loading, as may be required.

XXV. The Driver of every such Cart shall, at the Request of the Buyer or Seller of such Goods, or his Agent, take such Cart, with or without the Loading thereof, to the nearest of the said Weighing Machines, and shall permit the same to be weighed; and if such Cart be weighed with its Load thereupon the Driver shall, if required, take such Cart after its Load has been discharged to the Weighing Machine nearest to such Place of Discharge, and permit it to be re-weighed without Buck

Load:

163

Markets and Fairs Clauses. Cap. 14.

Load; and if any such Driver shall for the Purposes aforesaid be required to take such Cart a greater Distance than Half a Mile, including the going to and returning from such Machines respectively, the Owner of the Cart shall be paid for every Horse which shall be used in drawing such Cart Two-pence for the First Half Mile, and a like Sum for every additional Half Mile; and such Payment shall be made by the Person requiring such Cart to be weighed as aforesaid before the Driver thereof shall be obliged to take it as aforesaid for the Purpose of having it weighed.

XXVI. The Driver of any such Cart who shall not, upon being so requested as aforesaid, and having such Payment made or tendered as aforesaid, take the same to such Weighing Machine as herein-before directed, or who shall refuse to assist in the weighing of the same, shall forfeit to the Person requiring such Cart to be weighed a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXVII. Every Driver of any such Cart weighed at any Weighing Machine to be provided in pursuance of this or the special Act who shall commit any of the following Offences shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence; (that is to say,)

If he at the Time of weighing any such Cart knowingly have any thing in or about the same other than the proper Loading thereof:

If he alter any Ticket denoting the Weight of any such Cart, or the Loading of the same:

If he make or use, or be privy to making or using, any Ticket falsely stating the Weight of any such Cart or the Loading thereof:

If he, after the weighing of any such Cart, with the Loading thereof, remove any Part of such Loading, and afterwards dispose of or attempt to dispose of or represent the Residue of such Loading as being the full Loading denoted by such Ticket:

If he, between the Time when the Cart and the Loading thereof have been so weighed and the Time when such Cart is weighed without such Loading, change the Wheels of such Cart, or make any other Change upon it after being required to allow such Cart to be weighed without the Loading thereof:

If he be guilty of any other fraudulent Contrivance to misrepresent the Weight of any such Cart or of the Loading thereof.

XXVIII. If the Buyer or Seller of any Goods brought in any Cart for Sale within the Market or Fair, and which shall be required to be weighed as aforesaid, shall do any thing to such Cart or its Loading whereby the true Weight thereof respectively shall be altered before such weighing, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

L 4 XXIX. The

Weighing of Goods and Carts,

Penalty on Drivers for refusing to take Carts to be weighed, &c.

Penalties on Drivers of Carts, &c. committing Frauds in weighing.

Penalty on Buyers or Sellers for commiting Frauds in weighing.

Penalties for Frauds committed by the Machine Keeper.

Penalty on other Parties committing Frauds as to weighing.

Tolls.

Tolls, &c. not to be demanded until Market or Fair completed.

Certificate of Two Justices to be Evidence that Market or Fair is completed.

Stallages, &c. when to be paid.

Tolls to be paid to Persons authorized before the same are weighed, &c.

Cap. 14. Markets and Fairs Clauses. 10 Vict.

XXLX. The Person for the Time being appointed to keep any Weighing Machine provided in pursuance of this or the special Act shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds in any of the following Cases; (that is to say,)

If he wilfully neglect, on Application, duly to weigh any Cart, with or without its Loading, as the Case may be, that is brought to the Machine kept by him to be weighed:

If he do not fairly weigh every such Cart, with or without Loading, as the Case may be:

If he do not deliver to the buyer or Seller of any such Loading, or to any Person interested therein, on Application, a Ticket or Account specifying the true Weight of such Cart, with or without such Loading, as may be required:

If he give to the Driver of any such Cart a false Ticket or Account of the Weight of such Cart, with or without the Loading thereof:

If he weigh any Cart, with or without its Loading, knowing that any thing had been done to such Cart or to the Loading thereof to alter the true Weight thereof respectively:

If he knowingly assist in or connive at any Fraud concerning the weighing of any Cart or the Loading thereof, or make or connive at making any false Representation of the Weight of the same respectively.

XXX. Every Person who shall knowingly act or assist in committing any Fraud respecting the weighing or Weight of any Cart, or the Loading thereof, in pursuance of this or the special Act, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

And with respect to the Stallages, Rents, and Tolls to be taken by the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows:

XXXI. Unless it be otherwise provided by the special Act, the Undertakers shall not demand or receive any Stallage, Rent, or Toll until the Market Place or Place for aFair or Slaughter-house in respect of the Use of which the same shall be demanded shall be completed and fit for the Use of the Persons resorting thereunto.

XXXII. A Certificate under the Hand of any Two Justices shall be conclusive Evidence that the same is completed and fit for public Use as aforesaid; and any such Justices shall sign such Certificate on Proof being adduced to them that the Market Place or Place for a Fair or Slaughter-house is so completed and fit for public Use.

XXXIII. The several Stallages, Rents, or Tolls payable in respect of the Market or Fair or Slaughter-house shall be paid from Time to Time, on Demand, to the Undertakers, or the Collector or other Person authorized by the Undertakers to receive the same.

XXXIV. The Tolls payable in respect of weighing or measuring marketable^ Commodities, or Carts with or without Goods, shall be paid to the Person authorized by the Undertakers

Markets and Fairs Clauses; Cap. 14,

165

takers to weigh or measure the same by the Persons bringing Tolu. such marketable Commodities or Carts to be weighed or measured, before the same are weighed or measured.

XXXV. The Tolls in respect of Cattle brought to the Tolls in respect Market for Sale shall become due as soon as the Cattle in res- Catt, e Mar-pect whereof they are demandable are brought into the Market ket when ue* Place, and before the Cattle are put into any Pen, or tied up

in such Market Place; and if the Cattle be not removed within One Hour after the Close of the Market another Toll shall become due in respect of the Cattle so omitted to be removed.

XXXVI. The Undertakers may from Time to Time change stallages, Tolls,

the Stallages, Rents, and Tolls to be taken in respect of the may be

Market or Pair or for the Slaughter-houses, or for weighing and c

measuring, provided that the Stallages, Rents, and Tolls in no

Case exceed the Amounts authorized by the special Act.

XXXVII. Every Person who shall demand or receive a Penalty on greater Toll than that authorized to be taken under the Provi- taking a greater sions of this or the special Act shall for every such Offence be ^ori^dby'this liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings. or special Act.

XXXVIII. If any Person liable to the Payment of any Stal- Recovery of lage, Rent, or Toll authorized by this or the special Act to be Tolls by Dis-taken do not pay the same when demanded, the Undertakers or trc88' their Lessee, or any Person authorized by the Undertakers or their Lessee to collect the same, may levy the same in England or Ireland by Distress, and in Scotland by Poinding and Sale, of all or any of the Cattle or other Articles in respect of which such Stallage, Rent, or Toll is payable, or of any other Cattle or other Articles in the Market belonging to the Person liable to pay such Stallage, Rent, or Toll, or under his Charge, or such Tolls may be recovered in any Court having competent Jurisdiction.

XXXIX. If any Dispute arise concerning any such Stal- D^utes re-lage. Rent, or Toll, such Dispute shall be determined in England or Ireland by a Justice, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, and tied, such Justice or Sheriff shall, on Application made to him, determine the same, and make such Order therein, and award such Costs to either Party, as to him shall seem proper; and in default of Payment, on Demand, of the Money which shall be so awarded, and of the Costs, the same shall be forthwith levied in England or Ireland by Distress, and in Scotland by Poinding and Sale, and the Justice or Sheriff shall issue his Warrant accordingly.

XL. Every Person who shall assault or obstruct any Person Penalty for ob-authorized to collect any Stallage, Rent, or Toll authorized by *trucling Col-this or the special Act shall for every such Offence be liable to &£°T ° cnU* a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLI. The Undertakers or their Lessee shall from Time to List of Tolls, Time cause to be painted on Boards, or to be printed and attached tp°1^eitnllp to Boards, in large and legible Characters, a List of the several conspicuous Stallages, Rents, and Tolls from Time to Time payable under Tlsccs. this and the Act, and shall cause a Board containing

ToBt.

Bye I stirs.

Bye Laws may be made for all or any of the Purposes herein named.

Bye Laws may be repealed or altered from Time to Time.

Bye Laws may be enforced by Imposition of

Penalties.

Cap. 14. Markets and Fairs Clauses. lOVICT.

such List to be conspicuously set up and continued in the Market or Fair, and in each Weighing House and Slaughter^ house provided by the Undertakers, to which each such List shall relate, and no Stallage, Rent, or Toll shall be payable during the Time such List is not so set up, or for any thing not specified therein: Provided always, that if such List shill be destroyed, injured, or obliterated, the Stallages, Rents, and Tolls shall continue to be payable during such Time as shall be reasonably required for the Restoration of such List, in the same Manner as if such List had continued in the State required by this Act.

And with respect to the Bye Laws to be made by the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows:

XLII. The Undertakers may from Time to Time make such Bye Laws as they think fit for all or any of the following Purposes; (that is to say,)

For regulating the Use of the Market Place and Fair, ud the Buildings, Stalls, Pens, and Standings therein, and fcr preventing Nuisances or Obstructions therein, or in the immediate Approaches thereto:

For fixing the Days, and the Hours during each Day, on which the Market or Fair shall be held:

For Inspection of the Slaughter-houses, and for keeping the same in a cleanly and proper State, and for removing Filth and Refuse at least once in every Twenty-four Hours, and for requiring that they be provided with a sufficient Supply of Water, and preventing the Exercise of Cruelty therein: For regulating the Carriers resorting to the Market or Fair, and fixing the Rates for carrying Articles carried therefrom within the Limits of the special Act:

For regulating the Use of the Weighing Machines provided by the Undertakers, and for preventing the Use of false or defective Weights, Scales, or Measures:

For preventing the Sale or Exposure for Sale of unwholesome Provisions in the Markctor Fair:

And the Undertakers may from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, repeal or alter any such Bye Laws; provided always, that such Bye Laws shall not be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom where the same are to have effect, or to the Provisions of this or the special Act, or of any Act incorporated therewith, and such Bye Laws shall be reduced to Writing under the Common Seal of the Undertakers if they be a Body Corporate, or the Hands and Seals of Two of the Undertakers if they be not a Body Corporate, and, if affecting other Persons than the Officers and Servants of the Undertakers, shall be printed and published as herein provided.

XLIII. The Undertakers, by the Bye Laws so to be made by them, may impose such reasonable Penalties as they shall think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Breach of such Bye Laws; provided that every such Bye Law shall be so framed as to allow the Justices or Sheriff before whom any

Penalty

* 1847. Markets and Fairs Clauses. Cap. 14.

Penalty imposed thereby shall be sought to be recovered to order the whole or Part only of such Penalty to be paid.

XLIV. No Bye Laws made under the Authority of this or the special Act (except such as may relate solely to the Officers or Servants of the Undertakers) shall come into operation until the same shall be allowed in the Manner prescribed by the special Act, or, if no Manner be prescribed, until the same shall be allowed by the Justices at Quarter Sessions if the Market or Fair be in England or Ireland, or the Sheriff if the Market or Fair be situate in Scotland, and in either Case approved under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and it shall be incumbent on the Justices at Quarter Sessions, or the Sheriff, as the Case may be, on the Request of the Undertakers, to examine into the Bye Laws which may be tendered to them for that Purpose, and to allow of or disallow the same, as to them may seem meet.

XLV. Provided always, That no such Bye Law shall be allowed in manner herein mentioned unless Notice of the Intention to apply for an Allowance of the same shall have been

S'ven in One or more Newspapers of the County in which the arket or Fair shall be situated, or if there be no Newspaper in such County, in One or more Newspapers of the adjoining County, One Month at least before the hearing of such Application; and any Party aggrieved by any such Bye Law, on giving Notice of the Nature of his Objection to the Undertakers Ten Days before the hearing of the Application for the Allowance thereof, may, by himself, or his Counsel, Attorney, or Agent, be heard thereon, but not so as to allow more than One Party to be heard upon the same Matter of Objection.

XLVI. For One Month at least before any such Application for Allowance of any Bye Law a Copy of such proposed Bye Laws shall be kept at the principal Office of the Undertakers, and shall be put up in some conspicuous Place in the Market Place or Fair, and all Persons at all reasonable Times may inspect such Copy without Fee or Reward, and the Undertakers shall furnish every Person who shall apply for the same with a Copy thereof or of any Part thereof, on Payment of Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied.

XLVII. The said Bye Laws shall be published in the prescribed Manner, and when no Manner of Publication is prescribed they shall be printed, and the Clerk of the Undertakers shall give a printed Copy thereof to every Person applying for the same, without Charge, and a Copy thereof shall be painted or placed on Boards, and put up in some conspicuous Part of the principal Office of the Undertakers, and also in some conspicuous Place in the Market Place or Fair, and such Boards, with the Bye Laws thereon, shall be renewed from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, and shall be open to Inspection without Fee or Reward; and in case the said Clerk shall not permit the same to be inspected at all reasonable Times he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVIII. AU

167

Bye Law*.

No Bye Laws to come into operation until allowed in the Manner prescribed and approved by Secretary of State.

Notice of Allowance of Bye Laws to be given in One or more Newspapers, &c.

A Copy of proposed Bye Laws to be open for Inspection.

Publication of Bye Laws.

Bye Laws to be binding on all Parties.

Proof of Publication of Bye Laws.

Accounts.

Annual Account to be made up by the Undertakers, and transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace in England or Ireland, or to the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, and to be open to Inspection.

Penalty on Omission to prepare such Account. Tender of Amends.

Cap. 14. Markets and Fairs Clauses. 10 Vict.

XLVIII. All Bye Laws made and confirmed according to the Provisions of this and the special Act, when so published and put up, shall be binding upon and be observed by all Parties, and shall be a sufficient Warrant for all Persons acting under the same.

XLIX. The Production of a written or printed Copy of the Bye Laws requiring Confirmation by the Court of Quarter Session or the Sheriff *, authenticated by the Signature of the Judge or of the Chairman of the Court or the Sheriff who shall have approved of the same, and requiring Approval under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and a written or printed Copy of the Bye Laws not requiring such Confirmation or Approval, authenticated by the Common Seal of the Undertakers if they be a Body Corporate, or under the Hands of the Undertakers, if not incorporated, or any Two of them, shall be Evidence of the Existence and making of such Bye Laws in all Cases of Prosecution under the same, without Proof of the Signature of such Judge, Chairman, or Sheriff, or such Secretary of State, or the Common Seal or Signature of the Undertakers; and with respect to the Proof of the Publication of any such Bye Laws, it shall be sufficient to prove that a painted Board containing a Copy thereof was put up and continued in manner by this Act directed, and in case of its afterwards being displaced or damaged, that such Board was replaced or restored as soon as conveniently might be, unless Proof be adduced by the Party complained against that such painted Board did not contain a Copy of such Bye Laws, or was not duly put up or continued as directed by this Act

L. And with respect to the Receipts and Expenditure of the Undertakers, be it enacted, That the Undertakers shall in every Year cause an annual Account in abstract to be prepared, showing the whole Receipt and Expenditure of all Rents and other Monies levied by virtue of this or the special Act for the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of December, or some other convenient Day in each Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with a Statement of the Balance of such Account, duly audited or certified by the Chairman of the Undertakers, and by the Auditors, if any, and shall send a Copy of the said Account, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Peace in England and Ireland, and the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, of the County in which the Market or Fair is situate, on or before the Expiration of One Month from the Day on which such Accounts shall end, which Account shall be open to the Inspection of the Public at all seasonable Hours, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection; and if the Undertakers omit to prepare or send such Account as aforesaid they shall forfeit for every such Omission the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LI. And with respect to the Tender of Amends, be it enacted, That if any Person shall have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this or the special Act or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue

of

Market* and Fair$ Clause*. Cap. 14.

of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if before Action brought in respect thereof such Person make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Person injured, such last-mentioned Person shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made the Defendant may, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matters referred to Justices in England or Ireland, and to the Sheriff or Justices in Scotland, be it enacted as follows:

LIL If the Market or Fair be in England or Ireland the Railways Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with AcuT respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, 1845, as to Da-ana Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter niages, &c., to referred to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act; and if the Market or Fair be in Scotland the Clauses the special Act. of the Railways Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to the Sheriff or to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act; and such Clauses shall apply to the Market or Fair and the Undertakers respectively, and shall be construed as if the Word " Undertakers " had been inserted therein instead of the Word " Company."

LIIL. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case of any In Ireland Part Penalty imposed by Justices, where the Application is not of Penalties to otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more than GuSdUma of One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award Union *, the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Offence shall have been committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Union.

LIV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this or the special Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to extend to or affect any Act of relating to Her Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise, KightaVtiie or any other Revenue of the Crown, or to extend to or affect Crown, any Chum of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, or otherwise howsoever, or any Proceedings at Law or in Equity by or on behalf of Her Majesty, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LV. All Things herein or in the special Act, or any Act All Thing* reincorporated therewith, authorized or required to be done by ^oneb^TVo Two Justices, may and shall be done in England and Ireland j^teic^ inw° by any One Magistrate having by Law Authority to act alone England and for any Purpose with the Powers of Two or more Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff or Steward of any County, Stewartry, bedonebyChU% or Ward, or his Substitute. *nd in Scotian

T trr -n by the Sheriff:

LYL Every &7C.

169

Account*.

Recovery of Damage* and Penalties.

Penalties, &c. imposed in respect of any Offence committed within the Metropolitan Police District to be paid to the Receiver, and applied under

12 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

Penalty for giving false Evidence.

Accttt to tpeud Act.

Copies of special Act to be kept by Undertakers at their Office, and deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, Ac., and be open to Inspection.

7 W. 4. A 1 Vict. c. 83.

Cap. 14. Markets and Fairs Clauses, 10 Vict.

LYI. Every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by any Bye Law in pursuance thereof, in respect of any Offence which shall take place within the Metropolitan Police District, shall be recovered, enforced, accounted for, and, except where the Application thereof is otherwise specially provided for, shall be paid to the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, and shall be applied in the same Manner as Penalties or Forfeitures, other than Fines upon drunken Persons or upon Constables for Misconduct, or for Assaults upon Police Constables, are directed to be recovered, enforced, accounted for, paid, and applied by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis; and every Order or Conviction of any of the Police Magistrates in respect of any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be subject to the like Appeal and upon the same Terms as is provided in respect of any Order or Conviction of any of the said Police Magistrates by the said last-mentioned Act; and every Magistrate by whom any Order or Conviction shall have been made shall have the same Power of binding over the Witnesses who shall have been examined, and such Witnesses shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Expences, as they would have had or been entitled to in case the Order, Conviction, and Appeal had been made in pursuance of the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

LVII. Every Person who upon any Examination upon Oath under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

And with respect to Access to the special Act, be it enacted as follows:

LVIIL The Undertakers shall at all Times after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of the special Act keep in their principal Office of Business a Copy of the special Act, printed by the Printers to Her Majesty, or some of them, and shall also within the Space of such Six Months deposit in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the County in England or Ireland, and in the Office of the Sheriffs Clerk of the County in Scotland, in which the Undertaking is situate, a Copy of such special Act so printed as aforesaid; and the said Clerk of the Peace and Sheriff Clerk shall receive, and they and the Undertakers respectively shall keep, the said Copies of the special Act, and shall allow all Persons interested therein to inspect the same, and make Extracts or Copies therefrom, in the like Manner and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided in the Case of certain Plans and Sections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Docu-

ments

Gasworks Clauses.

171

Cap. 15.

ments as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament

LIX. If the Undertakers fail to keep or deposit, as herein- Penalty on Un-before mentioned, any of the said Copies of the special Act, they derukers failing shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, and also sit su^Copie* Five Pounds for every Day afterwards during which such Copy shall be not so kept or deposited.

LX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act *

repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. ame *&c '

CAP. XV.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Gasworks for supplying Towns with Gas.

[23d April 1847.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in One general Act sundry Provisions usually contained in Acts of Parliament authorizing the Construction of Gasworks for supplying Towns with Gas, and that as well for avoiding the Necessity of repeating such Provisions in each of the several Acts relating to such Undertakings as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall extend only to such Extent of Act. Gasworks as shall be authorized by any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith, and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by any such Act, shall apply to the Undertaking authorized thereby, so far as the same shall be applicable to such Undertaking, and shall, with the Clauses of every other Act which shall be incorporated therewith, form Part of such Act, and be construed therewith as forming One Act.

And with respect to the Construction of this Act and any Interpretations Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows: in this Act:

II. The Expression " the special Act," used in this Act, "special Act:* shall be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed authorizing the Construction of Gasworks, and with which this Act shall be so incorporated as aforesaid; and the Word " prescribed," used in this Act in reference to any Matter "prescribed herein stated, shall be construed to refer to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the special Act, and the Sentence in which such Word occurs shall be construed as if, instead of the Word t(prescribed," the Expression " prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act" had been used; and the Expression "the Lands" shall mean the Lands which shall "the Lands:-by the special Act be authorized to be taken or used for the

Purposes

" the Undertaking: *

u the Undertakers:"

Interpretations in this and tlife special Act:

Number:

Gender:

« Person:"

" Lands:" " Street: *

"the Gasworks: *

" Gas Rate:"

" Month:"

" Superior Courts: *

" Oath

" County: *

"Justice: *

Cap. 15. Gasworks Clauses. 10 VICT *

Purposes thereof; and the Expression " the Undertaking" shall mean the Gasworks and the Works connected therewith by the special Act authorized to be constructed; and the Expression " the Undertakers" shall mean the Persons by the special Act authorized to construct the Gasworks.

III. The following Words and Expressions, in both this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number only shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number only shall include also the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word "Person" shall include Corporation, whether aggregate or sole:

The Word " Lands " shall include Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments or Heritages of any Tenure: The Word " Street " shall include any Square, Court, or Alley, Highway, Lane, Road, Thoroughfare, or public Passage or Place within the Limits of the special Act:

The Expression " the Gasworks" shall mean the Gasworks and the Works connected therewith by the special Act authorized to be constructed:

The Expression " Gas Rate " shall include any Rent, Reward, or Payment to be made to the Undertakers for a Supply of Gas:

The Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month:

The Expression " Superior Courts," where the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Superior Courts arises in England or Ireland, shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Court of Pleas of the County of Durham; and where such Matter arises in Scotland it shall mean the Court of Session:

The Word "Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Case of Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word "County" shall include Riding or other Division of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace, and in Scotland Stewartry, and any Ward or other Division of a County or Stewartry having a separate Sheriff; and it shall also include County of a City or County of a Town:

The Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises; and where any Matter shall be authorized or required to be done by Two Justices,

1847. Gasworks Clauses. Cap. 15. 173

the Expression "Two Justices" shall be understood to "TwoJus-mean Two or more Justices met and acting together: tice8:"

The Word " Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff Depute of the " Sheriff:* County or Ward of a County in Scotland, and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Scotland in which the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of- the Sheriff arises, and shall include the Substitutes of such Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute respectively:

The Expression " Quarter Sessions" shall mean Quarter M. Qu"rter &*-Sessions as defined in the special Act; and if such Ex- , 10ns* preseion be not there defined it shall mean the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held at the Place nearest to the Gasworks, or the principal Office thereof, for the County or Place in which the Gasworks are situate, or for some Division of such County having a separate Commission of the Peace.

And with respect to citing this Act or any Part thereof, be cui%9 the Act. it enacted as follows

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in Short Title of legal Instruments, it shall be enough to use the Expression " The the Act Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847."

Y. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act Form in which with any Act hereafter to be passed, it shall be enough to be

describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in corporaud in the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such olher Acte-Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act, and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they are expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of such Act; and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

And with respect to the breaking up of Streets for the Laying of Pipe*. Purpose of laying Pipes, be it enacted as follows:

VI. The Undertakers, under such Superintendence as is Power to break herein-after specified, may open and break up the Soil and Pave- unde^Super.0 ment of the several Streets and Bridges within the Limits of intendence, and the special Act, and may open and break up any Sewers, to °Pen Draitts-Drains, or Tunnels within or under such Streets and Bridges, and lay down and place within the same Limits Pipes, Conduits, Service Pipes, and other Works, and from Time to Time Tepair, alter, or remove the same, and also make any Sewers that may be necessary for carrying off the Washings and waste Liquids which may arise in the making of the Gas, and for the Purposes aforesaid may remove and use all Earth and Materials in and under such Streets and Bridges, and they may in such Streets erect any Pillars, Lamps, and other Works, and do all other Acts which the Undertakers shall from Time to Time deem necessary for supplying Gas to the Inhabitants of the District included within the said Limits, doing as little Damage

174

Laying of Pipes.

Not to enter on private Land without Consent.

Notice to be served on Persons having Control, &c. before breaking up Streets or opening Drains.

Streets or Drains not to be broken up, except under Superintendence of Persons having Control of the same.

If Persons having the Control, &c. fail to superintend, Undertakers may perform the Work without them.

Streets, &c. broken up to be reinstated without Delay.

Cap. 15. Gasworks Clauses. IO Vict.

ab may be in the Execution of the Powers hereby or by the special Act granted, and making Compensation for any Damage which may be done in the Execution of such Powers.

VII. Provided always, That nothing herein shall authorize or empower the Undertakers to lay down or place any Pipe or other Works into, through, or against any Building, or in any Land, not dedicated to public Use, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof; except that the Undertakers may at any Time enter upon and lay or place any new Pipe in the Place of an existing Pipe in any Land wherein any Pipe hath been already lawfully laid down or placed in pursuance of this or the special Act or any other Act of Parliament, and may repair or alter any Pipe so laid down.

VIII. Before the Undertakers proceed to open or break up any Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, they shall give to the Persons under whose Control or Management the same may be, or to their Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, Notice in Writing of their Intention to open or break up the same, not less than Three clear Days before beginning such Work, except in Cases of Emergency arising from Defects in any of the Pipes or other Works, and then so soon as is possible after the beginning of the Work, or the Necessity for the same shall have arisen.

IX. No such Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel shall, except in the Cases of Emergency aforesaid, be opened or broken up except under the Superintendence of the Persons having the Control or Management thereof, or of their Officer, and according to such Plan as shall be approved of by such Persons or their Officer, or in case of any Difference respecting such Plan, then according to such Plan as shall be determined by Two Justices; and such Justices may, on the Application of the Persons having the Control or Management of any such Sewer or Drain, or their Officer, require the Undertakers to make such temporary or other Works as they may think necessary for guarding against any Interruption of the Drainage during the Execution of any Works which interfere with any such Sewer or Drain: Provided always, that if the Persons having such Control or Management as aforesaid, and their Officer, fail to attend at the Time fixed for the opening of any such Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, after having had such Notice of the Undertakers Intention as aforesaid, or shall not propose any Plan for breaking up or opening the same, or shall refuse or neglect to superintend the Operation, the Undertakers may perform the Work specified in such Notice without the Superintendence of such Persons or their Officer.

X. When the Undertakers open or break up the Road or Pavement of any Street or Bridge, or any Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, they shall with all convenient Speed complete the Work for which the same shall be broken up, and fill in the Ground, and reinstate and make good the Road or Pavement, or the Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, so opened or broken up, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and shall at all

Times,

1847. Gasworks Clauses. Cap. 15

Times, whilst any such Road or Pavement shall be so opened or broken up, cause the same to be fenced and guarded, and shall cause a Light sufficient for the warning of Passengers to be set. up and maintained against or near such Road or Pavement where the same shall be open or broken up, every Night during which the same shall be continued open or broken up, and shall keep the Road or Pavement which has been so broken up in good Repair for Three Months after replacing and making good the same, and for such further Time, if any, not being more than Twelve Months in the whole, as the Soil so broken up shall continue to subside.

XI. If the Undertakers open or break up any Street or Bridge, or any Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or in a Manner different from that which shall have been approved of or determined as aforesaid, or without making such temporary or other Works as aforesaid when so required, except in the Cases in which the Undertakers are hereby authorized to perform such Works without any Superintendence or Notice, or if the Undertakers make any Delay in bompleting any such Work, or in filling in the (ground, or reinstating and making good the Road or Pavement, or the Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, so opened or broken up, or in carrying away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, or if they neglect to cause the Place where such Road or Pavement has been broken up to be fenced, guarded, and lighted, or neglect to keep the Road or Pavement in repair for the Space of Three Months next after the same is made good, or such further Time as aforesaid, they shall forfeit to the Persons having the Control or Management of the Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, in respect of which such Default is made, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, and they shall forfeit an additional Sum of Five Pounds for each Day during which any such Delay as aforesaid shall continue after they shall have received Notice thereof.

XII.If any such Delay or Omission as aforesaid take place, the Persons having the Control or Management of the Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel in respect of which such Delay or Omission shall take place, may cause the Work so delayed or omitted to be executed, and the Expence of executing the same shall be repaid to such Persons by the Undertakers; and such Expences may be recovered in the same Manner as Damages are recoverable under this or special the Act.

And with respect to the Supply of Gas, and the Recovery of the Rent to be paid for the same, be it enacted as follows:

XIII. The Undertakers may from Time to Time enter into any Contract with any Person for lighting or supplying with Gas any public or private Building, or for providing any Person with Pipes, Burners, Meters, and Lamps, and for the Repair thereof, and may also from Time to Time enter into any Contract with the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons having


175

Laying of Pipe*.

Penalty for Delay in reinstating Streets, &c.

In case of Delay, other Parties may reinstate, and recover the Expences.

Supply of Go*.

Power of the Company to contract for lighting Streets, &c.

Gasworks Clauses.

Supply of Gas.

Power to Undertakers to let Meters.

Meters not liable to Distraint for Rent, Sic.

Undertakers may enter Buildings for ascertaining Quantities of Gas consumed.

Recovery of Rents due for Gas.

Power to take away Pipes, &c. when Supply of Gas discontinued.

Cap. 15.

10 Vict.

the Control of the Streets within the Limits of the special Act, for lighting the same or any of them with Gas, and for providing such Commissioners, Trustees, or Persons with Lamps, Lamp Posts, Burners, and Pipes for such Purpose, and for the Repairs thereof, in such Manner and upon such Terms as shall be agreed upon between the Undertakers and the stud Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons.

XIV. The Undertakers may let for Hire any Meter for ascertaining the Quantity of Gas consumed or supplied, and any Fittings for the Gas, for such Remuneration in Money as shall be agreed upon between the Undertakers and any Person to whom the same may be so let, and such Remuneration shall be recoverable in the same Manner as the Rents or Sums due to the Undertakers for Gas, and such Meters and Fittings shall not be subject to Distress or to the Landlord's Hypothec for Rent of the Premises where the same may be used, nor to be taken in Execution under any Process of a Court of Law or Equity, or any Fiat or Sequestration in Bankruptcy against the Person in whose Possession the same may be.

XV. The Clerk, Engineer, or other Officer duly appointed for the Purpose by the Undertakers, may at all reasonable Times enter any Building or Place lighted with Gas supplied by the Undertakers, in order to inspect the Meters, Fittings, and Works for regulating the Supply of Gas, and for the purpose of ascertaining the Quantity of Gas consumed or supplied; and if any Person hinder such Officer as aforesaid from entering and making such Inspection as aforesaid at any reasonable Time, he shall for every such Offence forfeit to the Undertakers a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVI. If any Person supplied with Gas by virtue of this or the special Act neglect to pay the Rent due for the same to the Undertakers, the Undertakers may stop the Gas from entering the Premises of such Person, by cutting off the Service Pipe, or by such Means as the Undertakers shall think fit, and recover the Rent due from such Person, if less than Twenty Pounds, together with the Expence of cutting off the Gas, and the Costs of recovering the Rent, in the same Manner as any Damages for the Recovery of which no special Provision is made are recoverable under this or the special Act, or if the Rent so due amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards, the Undertakers may recover the same, together with the Expences of cutting off the Gas, by Action in any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

XVII. In all Cases in which the Undertakers are authorized to cut off and take away the Supply of Gas from any House or Building or Premises, under the Provisions of this or the special Act, the Undertakers, their Agents or Workmen, after giving Twenty-four Hours previous Notice to the Occupier, may enter into any such House, Building, or Premises, between the Hours of Nine in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, and remove and carry away any Pipe, Meter, Fittings, or other Works the Property of the Undertakers *

1847. Gasworks Clauses. Cap. 15.

And with respect to Waste or Misuse of the Gas, or Injury to the Pipes and other Works, be it enacted as follows:

XVIII. Every Person who shall lay or cause to be laid any Pipe to communicate with any Pipe belonging to the Undertakers without their Consent, or shall fraudulently injure any such Meter as aforesaid, or who, in case the Gas supplied by the Undertakers is not ascertained by Meter, shall use any Burner other than such as has been provided or approved of by the Undertakers, or of larger Dimensions than he has contracted to pay for, or shall keep the Lights burning for a longer Time than he has contracted to pay for, or who shall otherwise improperly use or burn such Gas, or shall supply any other Person with any Part of the Gas supplied to him by the Undertakers, shall forfeit to the Undertakers the Sum of Five Pounds for every such Offence, and also the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day such Pipe shall so remain, or such Works or Burner shall be so used, or such Excess be so committed or continued, or such Supply furnished; and the Undertakers may take off the Gas from the House and Premises of the Person so offending, notwithstanding any Contract which may have been previously entered into.

XIX Every Person who shall wilfully remove, destroy, or damage any Pipe, Pillar, Post, Plug, Lamp, or other Work of the Undertakers for supplying Gas, or who shall wilfully extinguish any of the public Lamps or Lights, or waste or improperly use any of the Gas supplied by the Undertakers, shall for each such Offence forfeit to the Undertakers any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in addition to the Amount of the Damage done.

XX Every Person who shall carelessly or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Pipe, Pillar, or Lamp belonging to the Undertakers, or under their Control, shall pay such Sum of Money by way of Satisfaction to the Undertakers for the Damage done, not exceeding Five Pounds, as any Two Justices or the Sheriff shall think reasonable.

And with respect to the Provision for guarding against fouling Water, or other Nuisance from the Gas, be it enacted as follow 8:

XXI. If the Undertakers shall at any Time cause or suffer to be brought or to flow into any Stream, Reservoir, or Aqueduct, Pond or Place for Water, or into any Drain communicating therewith, any Washing or other Substance produced in making or supplying Gas, or shall wilfully do any Act connected with the making; or supplying of Gas whereby the Water in any such Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Pond or Place for Water shall be fouled, the Undertakers shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXII. The said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the Superior Courts, by the Person into whose Water such Washing or other Substance shall be conveyed or shall flow, or whose Water shall be fouled by any such Act as aforesaid; but such Penalty shall not

M3 be

177

Undue Ute of Gas.

Penalty for fraudulently using the Gas of the Undertakers.

Penalty for wilfully damaging Fipes.

Satisfaction for accidentally damaging Pipes.

Nuisance from Gas.

Penalty on Undertakers for causing Water to be corrupted.

Penalty to be *u$d for in Superior Court within Six Months.

Nuisance from Gas.

Daily Penalty during the Continuance of the Offence.

Daily Penalty during Escape of Gas after Notice.

Penalty if Water contaminated by Gas.

Power to examine Gas Pipes, to ascertain Cause of Contamination, if Notice be given of the same.

Expences to abide Result of Examination *

Cap. 15. Gasworks Clauses. 10 VlOU

be recoverable unless it be sued for during the Confinuande of the Offence, or within Six Months after it shall have oeased.

XXIII. In addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds (and whether such Penalty shall have been recovered or not) the Undertakers shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds (to be recovered in the like Manner) for each Day during which such Washing or other Substance shall be brought or shall flow as aforesaid, or the Act by which such Water shall be fouled shall continue after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time when Notice of the Offence shall have been served on the Undertakers by the Person into whose Water such Washing or other Substance shall be brought or shall flow, or whose Water shall be fouled thereby, and such Penalty shall be paid to such last-mentioned Person.

XXIV. Whenever any Gas shall escape from any Pipe laid down or set up by or belonging to the Undertakers, they shall, immediately after receiving Notice thereof in Writing prevent such Gas from escaping; and in case the Undertakers shall not within Twenty-four Hours next after Service of such Notice effectually prevent the Gns from escaping, and wholly remove the Cause of Complaint, they shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for each Day during which the Gas shall be suffered to escape after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Service of such Notice.

XXV. Whenever any Water within the Limits of the special Act shall be fouled by the Gas of the Undertakers, they shall forfeit to the Person whose Water shall be so fouled for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and a further Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Day during which the Offence shall continue after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Service of Notice of such Offence.

XXVI. For the Purpose of ascertaining whether such Water be fouled by the Gas of the Undertakers, the Person to whom the Water supposed to be fouled shall belong may dig up the Ground, and examine the Pipes, Conduits, and Works of the Undertakers; provided that such Person, before proceeding so to dig and examine, shall give Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to the Undertakers of the Time at which such digging and Examination is intended to take place, and shall give the like Notice to the Persons having the Control or Management of the Road, Pavement, or Place where such digging is to take place; and they shall be subject to the like Obligation of reinstating the said Road and Pavement, and the same Penalties for Delay or any Nonfeasance or Misfeasance therein, as are hereinbefore provided with respect to Roads and Pavements broken up by the Undertakers for the Purpose of laying their Pipes.

XXVII. If, upon any such Examination, it appear that such Water has been fouled by any Gas belonging to the Undertakers, the Expences of the digging, Examination, and Repair of the Street or Place disturbed in any such Examination shall be paid by the Undertakers; but if upon such Examination it appear that the Water has not been fouled by the Gas

of

1847. Gasworks Clauses. Cap. 15.

of the Undertakers, the Person causing such Examination to be made shall pay all such Expences, and shall also make good to the Undertakers any Injury which may be occasioned to their Works by such Examination.

XXVIII. The Amount of the Expences of every such Examination and Repair, and of any Injury done to the Undertakers, shall, in case of any Dispute about the same, together with the Costs of ascertaining and recovering the same, be ascertained and recovered in the same Manner as Damages for the ascertaining and Recovery whereof no special Provision is made are to be ascertained and recovered.

XXIX. Nothing in this or the special Act contained shall prevent the Undertakers from being liable to an Indictment for Nuisance, or to any other legal Proceeding to which they may be liable, in consequence of making or supplying Gas.

And with respect to the Amount of Profit to be received by the Undertakers when the Gasworks are carried on for their Benefit, be it enacted as follows:

XXX. The Profits of the Undertaking to be divided amongst the Undertakers in any Year shall not exceed the prescribed Rate, or where no Rate is prescribed they shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds in the Hundred by the Year on the paid-up Capital in the Undertaking, which in such Case shall be deemed the prescribed Rate, unless a larger Dividend be it any Time necessary to make up the Deficiency of any previous Dividend which shall have fallen short of the said yearly Rate.

XXXI. If the clear Profits of the Undertaking in any Year amount to a larger Sum than is sufficient, after making up the Deficiency in the Dividends of any previous Year as aforesaid, to make a Dividend at the prescribed Rate, the Excess beyond the Sum necessary for such Purpose shall from Time to Time be invested in Government or other Securities; and the Dividends and Interest arising from such Securities shall also be invested in the same or like Securities, in order that the same may accumulate at Compound Interest until the Fund so formed amounts to the prescribed Sum, or if no Sum be prescribed a Sum equal to One Tenth of the nominal Capital of the Undertakers, which Sum shall fofm a reserved Fund to answer any Deficiency which may at any Time happen in the Amount of divisible Profits, or to meet any extraordinary Claim or Demand which may at any Time arise against the Undertakers; and if such Fund be it any Time reduced, it may thereafter be again restored to the said Sum, and so from Time to Time as often as such Reduction shall happen.

XXXII. Provided always, That no Sum of Money shall be taken from the said Fund for the Purpose of meeting any extraordinary Claim, unless it be first certified in England or Ireland by Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, that the Sum so proposed to be taken is required for the Purpose of meeting an extraordinary Claim within the Meaning of this or the special Act.

179

Nuisance from Gas,

How Expences to be ascertained.

Nothing to exempt Undertakers from being indicted for a Nuisance.

Profits of the Company.

Profits of the Company limited.

If Profits exceed the Amount limited Excess to be invested, and form a reserved Fund.

Reserved Fund not to be resorted to unless to meet an extraordinary Claim.

When Fund amounts to prescribed Sum, Interest to be applied to Undertaking.

If Profits are less than the prescribed Rate) the reserved Fund to supply Deficiency.

If Profits are more than the Amount prescribed, a rateable Reduction to be made in the Price of Gas.

Court may order Petitioner to pay Costs of groundless Petition.

Penalty on Undertakers for refusing to produce Books, Vouchers, &c.

Cap. 15. Gasworks Clauses. 10 Vict.

XXXIII. When such Fund shall, by Accumulation or otherwise, amount to the prescribed Sum, or One Tenth of the nominal Capital of the Company, as the Case may be, the Interest and Dividends thereon shall no longer be invested, but shall be applied to any of the general Purposes of the Undertaking to which the Profits thereof are applicable.

XXXIV. If in any Year the Profits of the Undertaking divisible amongst the Undertakers shall not amount to the prescribed Kate, such a Sum may be taken from the reserved Fund as, with the actual divisible Profits of such Year, will enable the Undertakers to make a Dividend of the Amount aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often as the Occasion shall require.

XXXV. In England or Ireland the Court of Quarter Sessions, and in Scotland the Sheriff, may, on the Petition of any Two Gas Rate-payers within the Limits of the special Act, nominate and appoint some Accountant or other competent Person, not being a Proprietor of any Gasworks, to examine and ascertain, at the Expence of the Undertakers (the Amount of such Expence to be determined by the said Court or Sheriff), the actual State and Condition of the Concerns of the Undertakers, and to make Report thereof to the said Court at the then present or some following Sessions or to the Sheriff; and the said Court or Sheriff may examine any Witnesses upon Oath touching the Truth of the said Accounts and the Matters therein referred to; and if it thereupon appear to the said Court or Sheriff that the Profits of the Undertakers for the preceding Year have exceeded the prescribed Rate, the Undertakers shall, in case the whole of the said reserved Fund has been and then remains invested as aforesaid, and in case Dividends to the Amount herein-before limited have been paid, make such a rateable Reduction in the Rate for Gas to be furnished by them as in the Judgment of the said Court or Sheriff shall be proper, but so as such Rates, when reduced, shall ensure to the Undertakers (regard being had to the Amount of Profit before received) a Profit as near as may be to the prescribed Rate.

XXXVI. Provided always, That if, in the Case of any Petition so presented, it appear to the said Court or Sheriff that there was no sufficient Ground for presenting the same, the said Court or Sheriff may, if they or he think fit, order the Petitioner to pay the whole or any Part of the Costs of or incident to such Petition (the Amount thereof to be determined by the said Court or Sheriff), and the Costs so ordered to be paid shall be recoverable in the same Way as Damages are recoverable under this or the special Act.

XXXVII. If the Undertakers shall, for Seven Days after being required to produce to the said Court or Sheriff, or to the said Accountant or other Person as aforesaid, any Books of Account or other Books, Bills, Receipts, Vouchers, or Papers relating to the pecuniary Affairs of the Undertakers, refuse or neglect to produce such Books, Bills, Receipts, Vouchers, or Papers, they shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every

1847, Gasworks Clauses. Cap. 15. 181

every such Refusal or wilful Neglect, and the further Sum of Profit$ of

Ten Pounds for every Day such Refusal or wilful Neglect shall Company. continue after the Expiration of the said Seven Days, such respective Penalties to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the Superior Courts.

XXXVIII. And with respect to the yearly Receipt and Annual Ac-Expenditure of the Undertakers, be it enacted, That the Under- *° takers shall, in each Year after they have begun to supply Gas Undertakers, under the Provisions of this or the special Act, cause an Ac- and sent to the count in abstract to be prepared of the total Receipts and Expenditure of all Rents or Funds levied under the Powers of u^or Ireland, this or the special Act for the Year preceding, under the several or to the Sheriff distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with a Statement ^be

of the Balance of such Account, duly audited and certified by open to inspec-the Chairman of the Undertakers, and also by the Auditors tion. thereof, if any; and a Copy of such annual Account, if the Gasworks be situated in England or Ireland, shall be transmitted, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which the Gasworks are situate, and if the Gasworks be situated in Scotland, such Copy shall be transmitted, free of Charge as aforesaid, to the Sheriff Clerk of such County, and such Transmission shall be made on or before the Thirty-first Day of January in each Year, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Default; and the Copy of such Account so sent to the said Clerk of the Peace or Sheriff Clerk shall be kept by him, and shall be open to Inspection by all Persons at all seasonable Hours, on Payment of One Shilling for each Inspection.

XXXIX. And with respect to Tender of Amends, be it Tender of enacted, That if any Person shall have committed any Irregu- Amends* larity. Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if before Action brought in respect thereof such Person make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made the Defendant may, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sum ot Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially Recovery of provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices or to the Sheriff, be it enacted ____

as follows:

XL. If the Gasworks be in England or Ireland, the Clauses The Railways of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect Con-

to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of jais* Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter re- mages, &c.y to ferred to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special ^[c^*thU

Act j

and the special Act.

In Ireland Part of Penalties to be paid to Guardians of Unions.

All Things required to be done by Two Justices in England and Ireland may, in certain Cases, be done by One, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, &c.

Penalties, Sec. imposed in respect of Offences committed within the Metropolitan Police District to be paid to Receiver, and applied under 2 & 3 Vict. c. 71.

Persons giving false Evidence liable to Penalties of Perjury.

Cap. 15. Gastoorks Clauses. 10 Vict.

Act; and if the txasworks be in Scotland, the Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act (Scotland), 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to the Sheriff or to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act, and such Clauses shall apply to the Gasworks and to the Undertakers respectively, and shall be construed as if the Word " Undertakers " had been inserted therein instead of the Word " Company."

XLI. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case of any Penalty imposed by Justices, where the Application is not otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more than One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Offence shall have been committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Union.

XLII. All Things herein, or in the special Act or any Act incorporated therewith, authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, may and shall be done in England and Ireland by any One Magistrate having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two or more Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff or Steward of any County, Stewartry, or Ward, or his Substitute.

XLIII. Every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by any Bye Law in pursuance thereof, in respect of any Offence which shall take place within the Metropolitan Police District, shall be recovered, enforced, accounted for, and, except where the Application thereof is otherwise specially provided for, shall be paid to the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, and shall be applied in the same Manner as Penalties or Forfeitures other than Fines upon drunken Persons, or upon Constables for Misconduct, or for Assaults upon Police Constables are directed to be recovered, enforced, accounted for, paid, and applied by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis; and every Order or Conviction of any of the Police Magistrates in respect of any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be subject to the like Appeal, and upon the same Terms, as is provided in respect of any Order or Conviction of any of the said Police Magistrates by the said last-mentioned Act; and every Magistrate by whom any Order or Conviction shall have been made shall have the same Power of binding over the Witnesses who shall have been examined; and such Witnesses shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Expences as they would have had or been entitled to in case the Order, Conviction, and Appeal had been made in pursuance of the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

XLIV. Every Person, who, upon any Examination upon Oath under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly give

false

Gasworks Clauses.

Cap. 15. 183

false Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

And with respect to Access to the special Act, be it enacted tpedai as follows: Act%

XLV. The Undertakers shall at all Times, after the Expi- Copiesofspeciai ration of Six Months after the passing of the special Act, keep ^aertekers in their principal Office of Business a Copy of the special Act, in thefr Office? printed by the Printers to Her Majesty, or some of them, and and deposited shall also within the Space of such Six Months deposit in the Jfltt^ethpe^rks Office of the Clerk of the Peace in England or Ireland, and &c., mdb*open of the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, of the County in which the to Inspection. Undertaking is situated, a Copy of such special Act, so printed as aforesaid; and the said Clerk of the Peace and Sheriff Clerk shall receive, and they and the Undertakers respectively shall keep, the said Copies of the special Act, and shall permit all Persons interested to inspect the same, and make Extracts or Copies therefrom, in the like Manner, and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided in the Case of certain Plans and Sections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament.

XLVI. If the Undertakers fail to keep or deposit, as hereinbefore mentioned, any of the said Copies of the special Act, they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, and also Five Pounds for every Day afterwainls during which such Copy shall be not so kept or deposited.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to exempt the Undertakers from the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better paving, improving, and regulating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, or from the Laws of Sewers for the Time being in force within Ten Miles from the Royal Exchange in the City of London.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this or the special Act shall be deemed to extend to or affect any Act of Parliament relating to Her Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise, or any other Revenue of the Crown, or to extend to or affect any Claim of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown or otherwise howsoever, or any Proceedings at Law or in Equity, bj or on behalf of Her Majesty, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That nothing herein or in the special Act contained shall be deemed to exempt the Undertakers from any general Act relating to Gasworks, or any Act for improving the sanatory Condition of Towns and populous Districts, which may be passed in the same Session in which

7 W. 4.4 1 Vict. c. 83.

Penalty on Undertakers failing to keep or deposit such Copies.

Undertakers not exempt from the Provisions of 57 G. S. c. xxix., or from the Laws regulating Sewers.

Nothing in this or the special Act to affect the Rights of the Crown.

Undertakers not exempted from Provisions of any future general Act.

184

Gasworks Clauses.

Act m*y be amended, Ac.

Extent of Act.

Interpretations in this Act:

* the special Act;"

" prescribed :H

" the Undertaking

Cap. 15.

0 VICT.

which the special Act is passed, or any future Session of Parliament.

L. And be it Enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament,

CAP. XVI.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts with respect to the Constitution and Regulation of Bodies of Commissioners appointed for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in One Act sundry Provisions usually contained in Acts of Parliament authorizing the Execution of Undertakings of a public

Nature by Bodies of Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons, not being Joint Stock Companies, and that as well for

avoiding the Necessity of repeating such Provisions in each

of the several Acts relating to such Undertakings as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselvesBe

it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall extend only to such Undertakings or Commissioners as shall be authorized or constituted by any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed, which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith; and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by any such Act, shall apply to the Commissioners constituted by such Act and to the Undertaking for carrying on which such Commissioners shall be constituted, so far as the same shall be applicable thereto respectively; and such Clauses, with the Clauses of every other Act which shall be incorporated therewith, shall, save as aforesaid, form Part of such Act, and be construed therewith as forming One Act

And with respect to the Construction of this Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows:

II. The Expression " the special Act " used in this Act shall be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed, constituting a Body of Commissioners as herein-after defined for the Purpose of carrying on any Undertaking, and with which this Act shall be incorporated; and the Word "prescribed" used in this Act, in reference to any Matter herein stated, shall be construed to refer to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the special Act; and the Sentence in which such Word occurs shall be construed as if, instead of the Word "prescribed," the Expression "prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act " had been used; and the Expression "the Undertaking" shall mean the Undertaking or Works,

Commissioners ClauseJ.

Cap. 15 *

of whatever Nature, which shall by the special Act be authorized to be executed or carried on; and the Expression " the Commissioners," shall mean the Commissioners, Trustees, Undertakers, or other Persons or Body Corporate constituted by the special Act, or thereby intrusted with Powers for executing the Undertaking.

III. The following Words and Expressions, both in this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or the Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number only shall include the Plural Number; and Words importing the Plural Number only shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females:

The Word "Person" shall include a Corporation, whether aggregate or sole:

The Word " Lands" shall extend to Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments or Heritages of any Tenure: The Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month:

The Expression " Superior Courts," where the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Court arises in England or Ireland, shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Court of Pleas of the County of Durham; and where such Matter arises in Scotland shall mean the Court of Session:

The Word "Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Case of Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word " County" shall include Riding or other Division of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace, and in Scotland Stewartry, and any Ward or other Division of a County or Stewartry having a separate Sheriff, and it shall also include County of a City or County of a Town: The Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises; and where any Matter is authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, the Expression " Two Justices" shall be understood to mean Two or more Justices met and acting together:

The Word "Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff Depute of the County or Ward of a County in Scotland and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Scotland in which any Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Sheriff arises, and shall include the Substitutes of such Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute respectively:

The Expression " Quarter Sessions" shall mean Quarter Sessions as defined in the special Act; and if such Expression

185

" the Comm is. sioners."

Interpretations in this and the special Act:

Number:

Gender:

« Person :" " Lands:"

* Month: *

u Superior Courts

"Oath:"

" County:

" Justice

" Two Justices:"

" Sheriff

" Quarter Sessions

m

" Clerk; M

" the Town.

Short Title of this Act.

Form in which Portions of this Act may be incorporated with other Acta

Commissioners.

Joint Owners or Occupiers when qualified eligible as Commissioners.

Same Property not to give Two Qualifications.

No Bankrupt or Insolvent to he a Commissioner.

No Person holding Office or concerned in

Qqp, 15* Commissioner* Clauses. 10 Vict.

pression be not there defined, it shall mean the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held at the Place nearest to the Undertaking for the County or Place in which the Undertaking, or the principal Office thereof, is situate, or for some Division of such County having a separate Commission of the Peace:

The Expression " the Clerk" shall mean the Clerk of the Commissioners, and shall include the Word " Secretary The Expression " the Town" shall mean the Town or District named in the special Act within which the Powers of the Commissioners are to be exercised.

And with respect to citing this Act or any Part thereof, be it enacted as follows:

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847."

V. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act with any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed, it shall be enough to describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act; and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they are expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of such Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

With respect to the Qualification of Commissioners, be it enacted as follows:

VI. Where by the special Act the Qualification of the Commissioners is made to depend upon their being rated in respect of Property of a given Amount, then if Two or more Persons be jointly rated in respect of any Property, each of such Persons shall, subject to the Provisions herein and in the special Act contained, be eligible to be chosen a Commissioner, provided the Property in respect of which such Persons are rated be of a rateable yearly Value, which, when divided by the Number of Persons so rated, will give to each a sufficient rateable yearly Value according to the Provisions of this and the special Act.

VII. The same Property shall not at the same Time give a Qualification as Commissioner to one Person as the Owner, and to another as the Occupier thereof.

VIII. No Bankrupt or Insolvent, or Person not qualified as required by the special Act, shall be capable of being or continuing a Commissioner.

IX. Any Person who at any Time after his Appointment or Election as a Commissioner shall accept or continue to hold any Office or Place of Profit under the special Act, or be concerned

1847. Commissioners Clauses. Cap. 15,

oerned or participate in any Manner in any Contract, or in the Profit thereof, or of any Work to be done under the Authority of such Act, shall thenceforth cease to be a Commissioner, and his Office shall thereupon become vacant.

X. Provided always, That no Person being a Shareholder or Member of any Joint Stock Company established by Act of Parliament shall be prevented from acting as a Commissioner by reason of any Contract entered into between such Company and the Commissioners; but no such Commissioner, being a Member of such Company, shall vote on any Question relating to the Execution of this or the special Act in which such Company is interested.

XI. A Person shall not be incapable of acting as a Justice of the Peace in the Execution of this or the special Act, with reference to the levying of any Penalty thereunder, by reason of his being a Commissioner.

XII. No Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner, except in administering the Declaration herein-after mentioned, until he shall have made and signed, before One of the Commissioners, a Declaration to the Effect following:

4 J A.B. do solemnly declare, That I will faithfully and impartially, according the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute all the Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a 4 Commissioner, by virtue of the [here name the special Act], and also that I [here set forth a Statement of the Possession of the Qualification required by the special Act in the Terms thereof].

XIII. Any Person who shall falsely or corruptly make and subscribe the Declaration aforesaid, knowing the same to be untrue in any material Particular, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, or in Scotland shall be deemed guilty of Perjury.

XIV. Every Person elected or appointed a Commissioner shall, at the Meeting of Commissioners at which he first attends as a Commissioner, make and subscribe the Declaration herein required, and any Commissioner, whether he himself have made such Declaration or not, may administer such Declaration.

XV. Every Person who shall act as a Commissioner, being incapacitated or not duly qualified to act, or before he has made or subscribed such Declaration as aforesaid, or after having become disqualified, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of Fifty Pounds; and such Penalty may be recovered by any Person, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the Superior Courts; and in every such Action the Person sued shall prove that at the Time of so acting he was qualified, and had made and subscribed the Declaration aforesaid, or he shall pay the said Penalty and Costs without any other Evidence being required from the Plaintiff than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this or the special Act; nevertheless all Acts as a Commissioner of any Person incapacitated, or not duly qualified, or not having made or subscribed the Declaration aforesaid, done previously to the Recovery of

187

a Contract to be a Commissioner.

Shareholders in Companies established by Act of Parliament not disqualified by reason of Contracts.

Commissioner not incapable of acting as a Justice.

Declaration to be made by Commissioners before acting.

False Declaration a Misdemeanor.

Declaration to be taken at the First Meeting.

Penalty on Commissioner, not being qualified, i.eting.

Commissioners neglecting to act to cease to be one.

Election and Rotation of Commissioners.

One Third of Commissioners elected by Ratepayers and Owners to go out of Office every Three Years.

Commissioners eligible to be re-elected.

Mode of supplying occasional Vacancies.

Cap. 15. Commissioners Clauses. 10 Vict.

the Penalty, shall be as valid as if such Person had been duly qualified.

XVI. Every Commissioner who for the Space of Six Months after his Appointment neglects to make and subscribe the De-duration herein-before required, or who for Six Months in succession is absent from all Meetings of the Commissioners, and to act in the Execution of this and the special Act, shall be deemed to have refused to act, and shall cease: to be a Commissioner.

And with respect to the Election and Rotation of the Commissioners, where the Commissioners are to be elected by the Rate-payers or other like Class of Electors, be it enacted as follows:

XVII. Where by the special Act it is provided that the Commissioners shall be elected by the Rate-payers within the Town, or other like Class of Electors, the first Body of Commissioners, whether appointed by the special Act, or elected under the Provisions of this and the special Act, shall go out of Office according to the prescribed Rotation, and at the prescribed Times, and where no Rotation or Time of going, out of Office is prescribed they shall go out of Office by Rotation in the following Manner, (that is to say,) on the nrst Thursday in the Month of September in the Year following that in which the special Act is passed One Third of such Body of Commissioners shall go out of Office, and on the first Thursday in September in the following Year another Third of such Body of Commissioners shall go out of Office, and on the first Thursday in September in the Year following the Remainder of such Body of Commissioners shall go out of Office, and on the first Thursday in the Month of September in every subsequent Year One Third of the Commissioners, being those who have been longest in Office, shall go out of Office; and in each Instance the Places of the retiring Commissioners shall be supplied by the Election of a like Number of Commissioners in the Manner herein or in the special Act provided: Provided always, that if the prescribed Number of Commissioners be some Number not divisible by Three, and the Number of Commissioners to retire be not prescribed, the Commissioners shall in each Case determine what Number of Commissioners, as nearly One Third as may be, shall go out of Office, so that no Commissioner shall remain in Office longer than Three Years without being re-elected.

XVIII. Every Commissioner going out of Office by Rotation, or otherwise ceasing to be a Commissioner, may be re-elected, and after such Re-election he shall, with reference to going out by Rotation, be considered as a new Commissioner.

XIX If any of the Commissioners die or resign, or be disqualified, or cease to be a Commissioner from any other Cause than that of going out of Office by Rotation, the remaining Commissioners, if they think fit, may, within One Month from the happening of such Vacancy, elect another Commissioner in his Place; and every Commissioner so elected shall continue in

Office

Commissioners Clouses.

Cap. 16.

Office only so long as the Person in whose Place he is elected would have been entitled to continue in Office.

XX. In order to determine the Rotation by which such first Body of Commissioners shall go out of Office, the Commissioners shall within One Month after the passing of the special Act (or after the first Election of Commissioners, as the Case may be,) meet at some convenient Place for the Purpose of forming a Rotation List; and at such Meeting the Clerk, or some Person to be then appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners, shall write the Names of all the Commissioners on separate Slips of Paper, all as nearly as may be of equal Size, and having folded them up in the same Manner he shall put them into a Balloting Box, and shall, in the Presence of the Meeting, draw out such Slips of Paper in succession, and the Names upon the Slips so drawn shall be written by the Clerk or other Person in a List, in the Order in which they are drawn, or where the Commissioners are elected for Wards or other Electoral Divisions of the Town (and which Electoral Divisions are hereinafter called Wards) in as many Lists as there are Wards or Electoral Divisions, and in the Order aforesaid, each List containing the Names of the Commissioners for One such Ward or Electoral Division only, and every such List shall be kept by the Clerk among the Papers of the Commissioners, and the Names therein shall be numbered consecutively, and the Commissioners shall retire from Office in the Order in which their Names appear on such List or Lists, as the Case may be, in the Proportions herein-before or in the special Act mentioned.

XXI. For the Purpose of electing Commissioners from Time to Time in the Place of those who go out by Rotation, a Meeting of the Persons entitled to vote at such Election shall be held at the prescribed Place, and if no Place be prescribed at the principal Office of the Commissioners on the prescribed Day, or if no Day be prescribed on the first Thursday in the Month of September in the Year following that in which the special Act is passed, and on the first Thursday in September in each succeeding Year, or if the Commissioners are to be elected for Wards, a Meeting of the Persons entitled to vote in each Ward shall on the same Day be held at some Place to be appointed by the Commissioners, of which Meetings, and the Time and Place of holding the same, public Notice shall be given by the Clerk by Advertisement, and also by Placards affixed on the principal Doors of the Parish Churches or other public Places in the Town Seven clear Days at the least before the Day of Election, and at such Meeting or Meetings the Election of Commissioners shall take place as herein-after mentioned.

XXII. Where the Appointment of the Returning Officer to act at the Election of Commissioners is not provided for by the special Act, - the Chairman of the Commissioners shall be the Returning Officer; and if the Commissioners are to be elected for Wards, the said Chairman shall act as the presiding Officer at the Election for the Ward for which he was elected a Com-

[Ar<?. 13. Price 2</.] N missioner,

199

Election, and Rotation of Commissionert

Manner of making the Rotation List

Annual Meeting for Election of Commissioners.

Returning Officer at Elections.

Commissioners Clauses.

10 Vict.

Election and Rotation of Commissioners.

Returning Officer to appoint Poll Clerks.

Scale of Votes of Owners and Occupiers.

Electors to vote in Ward where their Property Qua- lificution is situate, but not to vote for more than One Ward.

Cap. 16.

missioner, and he shall appoint some other Commissioner for each of the other Wards to be the presiding Officer at the Election for such Ward, and in case of the Death of any such presiding Officer, or of his declining or becoming incapable to act, the Commissioners shall appoint another of their Body to be the presiding Officer in the Place of the Person so dying or declining, or becoming incapable to act, and the Clerk to the Commissioners shall, Two Days at least before each Election, by Advertisement, Placards, or otherwise, give public Notice of every such Appointment.

XXIII. At every such Election of Commissioners the Commissioners shall cause to be printed a sufficient Number of Voting Papers in blank, in the Form given in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and shall furnish them to the Returning Officer for the Use of the Voters; Mid if it appear to the Returning Officer at any Election expedient so to do, he may cause Booths to be erected, or Rooms to be hired and used as Booths, for taking the Poll at such Election, and he shall in such Case appoint a Clerk to take the Poll at each Booth, and shall cause to be affixed on the most conspicuous Part thereof the Name of the Ward or District for which such Booth is provided; and public Notice of every Election, and of the Situation of the different Polling Places, and of the Place where Voting Papers may be procured by Electors, shall be riven by the Returning Officer Two Days at least before the Commencement of the Poll.

XXIV. Where by the special Act the Owners of Property and Rate-payers are entitled to vote in the Election of Commissioners, and no Scale of voting is prescribed, every such Owner and Rate-payer shall have respectively the same Number and Proportion of Votes according to the Scale following; (that is to say,)

If the Property in respect of which he is entitled to vote be rated upon a rateable Value of less than Fifty Pounds, he shall have One Vote:

If such rateable Value amount to Fifty Pounds and be less than One hundred Pounds, he shall have Two Votes:

If it amount to One hundred Pounds and be less than One hundred and fifty Pounds, he shall have Three Votes:

If it amount to One hundred and fifty Pounds and be less than Two hundred Pounds, he shall have Four Votes:

If it amount to Two hundred Pounds and be less than Two hundred and fifty Pounds, he shall have Five Votes:

And if it amount to or exceed Two hundred and fifty Pounds, he shall have Six Votes:

XXV. Where by the special Act the Commissioners are directed to be elected for Wards, every Person entitled to vote in the Election of Commissioners shall vote for Commissioners for that Ward only wherein the Property or Part thereof in respect of which his Name appears in the Rate Book is situate; and if any Person be rated in respect of Property situate in more than One Ward, he may vote for Commissioners

Commissioners Clauses.

_. Cap. 1C.

far any One of such Wards, but having so voted he shall not afterwards, at the same Election, vote for a Commissioner for any other Ward; and any Vote so afterwards given by him shall be void.

XXVI. Before any such Election of Commissioners the Commissioners, if they think it necessary for enabling the Returning Officer to take the Poll conveniently at such Election, may cause an alphabetical List to be made out of the Names of the Persons entitled to vote at such Election as they appear in the Rates made for the Purposes of the special Act, and they shall deliver to the Returning Officer for the Time being a sufficient Number of Copies of the List so prepared, to enable the Returning Officer to take the Poll at the Election, and they may defray the Expence of making such List and Copies out of the Rates payable to them under the special Act

XXVII. If the Qualification of the Electors of the Commissioners depend upon the Rates payable by such Electors, the Returning Officer may summon the Overseers or Inspectors of the Poor, Collectors, and other Officers employed in the Assessment or Collection of the Rates, to attend the Election in order to assist in ascertaining that the Persons presenting themselves to vote, or who have voted, are or were duly qualified to vote at such Election; and such Overseers or Inspectors, Rate Collectors, or other Officers shall attend with the Rates and such other Documents necessary for the Purpose aforesaid as may be in their Custody or Power, at such Places and at such Times as the Returning Officer may direct, and shall answer all such Questions as any presiding Officer at the Poll shall put to them respecting the Title of any Person to vote at the Election; and any Overseer or Inspector, Rate Collector, or other Officer who shall wilfully neglect or fail to perform the Duties hereby imposed upon him, shall for such Neglect or Failure be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXVIII. At every such Election of Commissioners the voting shall commence at Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon of the Day fixed for the Election as aforesaid, and shall finally close at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day (unless in case of Riot or Obstruction), and shall be conducted in manner following; (that is to say,) every Person entitled to vote may vote for any Number of Persons having the prescribed Qualification (not exceeding the Number of Commissioners then to be chosen for the Town, or where the Commissioners are to be elected in Wards not exceeding the Number to be elected for the Ward in which such Person is entitled to vote) by delivering to the presiding Officer at the Poll a Voting Paper, containing a Description of his Qualification to vote, in the Form contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and also the Names of the Persons for whom he votes, such Paper being previously signed with the Name of the Person voting, and the Poll Clerk shall thereupon openly record such Vote in the Poll Book, and the Voting Paper shall be carefully preserved by the presiding

191

Election and Rotation of

Commissioners mny cause alphabetical List of Voters to be made, and may defray the Expence out of the Rates.

Returning Officer may stimmon Rate Collector, &c. to attend the Election.

Penalty on Rate Collector, &c. for Neglect

Mode of voting at Elections.

Commissioners Clauses.

10 Vicrri

Election and Rotation of Commissionrra,

Poll may be closed if no Voting Paper be tendered for One Hour.

Returning Officer to examine Poll Books and declare the Poll.

Voting Papers to be open to Inspection for Six Months after each Election.

Cap. 16.

Officer; and the presiding Officer shall, if he thinks fit, or if he be required so to do by any Person entitled to vote at the said Election, put to any Voter at the Time of his delivering in his Voting Paper, the following Questions, or either of them: '

1. Are you the Person assessed as A.B., on the [1

Rate [specifying the Rate which confers the Right to vote} in respect of Property described to be situated in [here specify the Street, &c. as described in the Rate] ?

Or, if the Voter claim to vote as the Owner of Property,

Are you the Person described as the Owner of the Property mentioned in [] Rate [specifying the Rate] and

described as being situated in [here specify the Street, as described in the Rate] ? >

2. Have you already voted at the present Election ? [or, if the

Town be divided into Wards,] Have you already voted for Commissioners to be elected for this or any other Ward at the present Election ?

And no Person required to answer either of the said Questions shall be permitted or qualified to vote until he has answered the same; and if any Person wilfully make a false Answer to either of the Questions aforesaid he shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, or in Scotland shall be deemed guilty of Perjury.

XXIX. The presiding Officer, at any Place of voting, may close the voting or Poll at any Time before Four of the Clock, if One Hour have elapsed during which no Voting Paper has been tendered at such Place of voting.

XXX. After the Close of the Poll the Returning Officer, or where the Commissioners are elected for Wards the presiding Officer in each Ward, shall examine the Poll Books, and, if necessary, compare the Entries therein with the Rate Book and with the Voting Papers so delivered as aforesaid for the Purpose of ascertaining the Number of Votes given for each Person; and so many of such Persons, being not more than the Number of Persons then to be chosen for the Town, or for each Ward, as the Case may be, and having the prescribed Qualification, as shall have the greatest Number of Votes shall be deemed to be elected; and in case of an Equality in the Number of Votes for any Two or more such Persons, the presiding Officer shall, if necessary to prevent an Excess in the Number of Commissioners, decide by Lot which of such Persons shall be elected; and the presiding Officer shall, not later than Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day next but one following the Day of such Election, unless such Day be Sunday, and then on the Day following, publish a List of the Names of the Persons so elected, and he shall also send a Notice to each Person so elected, informing him of his being elected a Commissioner.

XXXI. Within Four Days after every Election the Returning Officer, or where the Commissioners are elected for Wards the presiding Officer in each Ward, shall cause the Voting Papers delivered as* aforesaid to be arranged in alphabetical Order, and numbered according to the Names of the Voters, and shall

Commissioners Clauses.

Cap. 16;

1»3

Election and Rotation of CommissioHcri,

shall deliver them, together with the Poll Books, to the Clerk to the Commissioners; and such Clerk shall, during Six Months at least after every such Election, keep such Voting Papers and Poll Books at his Office, and shall permit any Person to inspect the same on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling, and if such Clerk shall refuse or fail to allow such Inspection he shall for ©very such Refusal or Failure be liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

XXXII. If any Person be elected a Commissioner in more than One Ward, he shall, within Three Days after Notice thereof, choose, or in default thereof the Commissioners at their next Meeting shall declare, for which One of the Wards such Commissioner shall serve, and he shall thereupon be held to be elected in that Ward only, which he shall so choose or which the Commissioners shall so declare, and shall cease to be a Commissioner for any other Ward.

XXXIII. If from any Cause no Election take place on the Day appointed for the same, either for the Town or for any Ward, the Election shall stand adjourned until the same Day of the following Week, and the Returning Officer shall give not less than Three Days previous Notice thereof by Advertisement or by Placards, affixed in public Places in the Town; and in such Case the Commissioners who would on that Day have retired from Office by Rotation shall continue in Office until such adjourned Election takes place.

XXXIV. No Election of Commissioners shall be liable to be questioned by reason only of any Defect in the Title, or any Want of Title, of the Person by or before whom such Election shall have been held; provided that such Person have been actually appointed to preside, or have been acting in the Office giving the Right to preside at such Election;

XXXV. All Expences of or incident to any Election incurred by the Returning Officer or presiding Officer shall be repaid to them by the Commissioners out of the Monies arising from the Rates authorized to be levied for the Purposes of the special Act; and all Overseers and other parochial Officers or other Persons shall be in like Manner paid a reasonable Remuneration for Attendance at the Election, with Rate Books, and for any other Services performed in relation to such Election; and any Dispute respecting the Amount of such Expences and Remuneration shall be determined by a Justice, or by the Sheriff, who shall have Power also to fix the Costs attending such Determination, and to order by whom the same shall be paid.

And with respect to the Meetings and other Proceedings of the Commissioners, and their Liabilities, be it enacted as ________

follows:

XXXVI. The Commissioners shall hold their first Meeting First Meeting at the prescribed Time and Place, and if a Time or Place be °^sCommis" not prescribed they shall hold their first Meeting at some convenient Place within the Limits of the special Act on the

N 3 third

Manner of proceeding if any Person is elected a Commissioner in more than One Ward.

If no Election on Day appointed, it may be made on a subsequent Day.

Election not to lie void for Want of Title in presiding Officer.

Expences of presiding Officer to be paid out of Rates levied.

Meeting* of Commissioners.

Commissioners Clauses.

Meeting t of Commiuwhere.

Election of Chairmen of Meetings.

Manner of voting.

Quorum of Commissioners.

Commissioners to hold annual and monthly Meetings.

Cap. 16.

10 Vict.

third Wednesday next after the Commencement thereof, or if the first Body of Commissioners be not named in the special Act, on the first Wednesday after the first Election of Commissioners, or as soon after such Periods respectively as conveniently may be, at the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and shall proceed to put this and the special Act into execution.

XXXVII. At the first Meeting of the Commissioners they shall, by the Majority of the Votes of the Commissioners present, elect One of their Body to be their Chairman until the next annual Meeting of the Commissioners, when, and at every subsequent annual Meeting, the Commissioners shall in like Manner elect a Chairman for the ensuing Year; and in case the Chairman die, or resign, or cease to be a Commissioner, or otherwise become disqualified to act as such, the Commissioners present at the Meeting next after the Occurrence of such Vacancy shall choose some other of their Body to fill such Vacancy, and the Chairman so elected shall continue in Office so long only as the Person in whose Place he was elected would have been entitled to continue Chairman; and if at any Meeting of the Commissioners the Chairman be not present, one of the Commissioners present shall be elected Chairman of such Meeting by the Majority of the Votes of the Commissioners present at such Meeting.

XXXVIII. At all Meetings of the Commissioners the Questions there considered shall be decided by the Votes of the Majority present, and if there be an equal Division of Votes upon any Question the Chairman or Commissioner acting as Chairman at such Meeting shall, in addition to his own Vote as a Commissioner, have a Second or casting Vote: Provided always, that if at any such Meeting there be an Equality of Votes in the Election of the Chairman, it shall be decided by Lot which of the Commissioners having an equal Number of Votes shall be the Chairman: Provided also, that at every annual Meeting the Chairman going out of Office at that Meeting shall, if present and willing to act, be the Chairman of such Meeting.

XXXIX. All Powers vested in the Commissioners under this or the special Act may be exercised by the prescribed Number, and where no Number is prescribed by any Five or more of the Commissioners present at any Meeting holden in pursuance of this and the special Act, and no Business shall be transacted at any Meeting of the Commissioners unless the said Number of Commissioners be present.

XL. The Commissioners shall hold an annual Meeting at the prescribed Time and Place, and if no Time or Place be prescribed, then on the Third Wednesday in the Month of June in each Year, at a Place to be appointed by the Commissioners, and the first of such annual Meetings shall be held in the Year after that in which the special Act is passed; and they shall also hold monthly Meetings for the Transaction of general Business, and the said ninthly Meetings shall be held at the Office of the Commissioners, on such Day and Hour in each Month

as

Commissioners Clauses.

Cap. 16.

in the Commissioners shall frtfm Time to Time appoint, and when any such Appointment is made the Clerk shall give Notice thereof to each of the Commissioners, and they shall afterwards, until the Time or Place of such monthly Meetings is changed, and Notice of such Change given to the Commissioners, attend such monthly Meetings without Notice.

XLI. The Commissioners present at such first Meeting, or at any annual or monthly Meeting, or at any adjourned Meeting, may from Time to Time adjourn such Meeting to the same or any other Place within the Limits of the special Act, and if at any Meeting of the Commissioners there be not the prescribed Number, or where no Number is prescribed Five Commissioners, present within One Half Hour after the Time appointed for such Meeting, the Commissioners present, or the major Part of them, or any One Commissioner if only One be present, or their Clerk if no Commissioner be present, may adjourn such Meeting to another Day at the same or any other Place within the Limits of the special Act.

XLII. The said monthly Meetings of the Commissioners shall be held for transacting the ordinary Business of the Commissioners under this or the special Act, and amongst the rest for appointing (and removing the inferior Officers of the Commissioners, and superintending their Conduct, and for inquiring into the Conduct of the Contractors or other Persons employed by them to execute any Works, and into the State and Progress of such Works, and generally for giving such Directions from Time to Time as may be necessary for carrying into effect the Proposes of this and the special Act.

XLIII. Where any Business other than ordinary Business is required or intended to be transacted at any monthly Meeting, the Clerk shall give Notice thereof to each of the Commissioners, and no such extraordinary Business, nor any new Rules or Regulations, shall be adopted at the monthly Meetings unless due Notice thereof have been given at a prior Meeting, and sent to each Commissioner in the Manner required for special Meetings.

XLlY. No Resolution at any Meeting of the Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting unless Notice of the Intention to propose such Revocation or Alteration be given by the Clerk to each of the Commissioners Seven Days at least before holding the Meeting, nor unless such Revocation or Alteration be determined upon by a Majority consisting of Two Thirds of the Commissioners present at such subsequent Meeting, if the Number of Commissioners present at such subsequent Meeting be not greater than the Number present when such Resolution was come to, or by a Majority if the Number of Commissioners present at such subsequent Meeting be greater than the Number present at such former Meeting.

XLV. The Commissioners may hold special Meetings, and any Five or more of the Commissioners #may require a special

, N 4

Meeting

195

Mmtimgt of Comminiomtrt.

Meetings of Commissioners may be adjourned from Time to Time.

Monthly Meet* ings shall be held for transacting the ordinary Busi-new under this and the special Act.

No extraordinary Bustnew shall be transacted at monthly Meetings unlew Notice be given.

No Resolution of Commissioners to be revoked at a subsequent Meeting unless under certain Circumstances.

As to the holding of special Meetings.

196

Meetingtof CommUtianers.

Notice to be given of Things to be done by the Commissioners by special Order only.

How Notices of Meetings of Commissioners are to be given.

E spences of Meetings.

Power to Commissioners to appoint Committees.

Quorum of Committee.

Acts of the Commissioners not to be invalidated by reason of Vacancies. Informalities in Appointment of Commissionerb

Cap. 16. Commissioners Clauses. 10 Vict.

Meeting to be held, but no such Meeting shall be held unless Two clear Days Notice thereof at the least be given.

XLVI. Where by the special Act the Commissioners aife empowered to do any thing by special Order only, they shall not do such thing unless the Resolution to do the same have been agreed to by the Commissioners in some Meeting wheredf special Notice has been given, and have been confirmed in a subsequent Meeting held not sooner than Four Weeks after the preceding Meeting, and which subsequent Meeting has been advertised Once at least in each of the Weeks intervening between the Two Meetings, and special Notice thereof given to each of the Commissioners.

XLVII. All Notices of any Meeting of the Commissioners shall be in Writing or in Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print, and shall be by the Clerk delivered or sent by the Post, or otherwise, to the usual Place of Abode or Place of Business, if any, within the Limits of the special Act, of each of the Commissioners Two clear Days at least previous to such Meeting, and every such Notice shall specify the Time and Place of Meeting, and in case of a special Meeting shall specify the Object thereof, and no Business shall be transacted at any special Meeting except such as is stated in the Notice thereof.

XLVIII. At all Meetings of the Commissioners they shall defray their own Expences, except what may be incurred for the Use of the Room in which the Meeting is held, and for Books, Stationery, and Fire.

XLIX. The Commissioners may at any Meeting from Time to Time appoint Committees for any Purposes which in the Opinion of the Commissioners would be better regulated and managed by means of such Committee, and they may fix the Quorum of any such Committee, and may continue, alter, or discontinue such Committee.

L. Every Committee so appointed may meet from Time to Time, and may adjourn from Place to Place, as they may think proper, for carrying into effect the Purposes of their Appointment; but no Business shall be transacted at any Meeting of the Committee unless the Quorum of Members, if any, fixed by the Commissioners, and it* no Quorum be fixed Three Mem* bers, be present, and at all Meetings of the Committee One of the Members present shall be appointed Chairman, and all Questions shall be determined by a Majority of the Votes of the Members present, and in case of an equal Division of Votes the Chairman shall have a casting Vote in addition to his Vote as a Member of the Committee.

LI. No Proceeding of the Commissioners or of. any Committee shall be invalidated or be illegal in consequence only of there being any Vacancy in the Number of Commissioners at the Time of such Proceeding.

LII. All Proceedings of the Commissioners, or of a Committee of Commissioners, or of any Person acting as a Commissioner,

1847. >1 Commissioners Clauses. Cap. ifi.

siorittyshall, notwithstanding it be afterwards ffiscovered that there wm some Defect in the Appointment of any such Commissioners or Persons acting as aforesaid, or that they or any of them were disqualified, be as valid as if every auch Person had been duly appointed and was qualified to be a Commissioner.

LIII. The Commissioners may from Time to Time provide and maintain fit and convenient public Offices, together with all necessary and proper Furniture for the same for holding the Meetings and transacting the Business of the Commissioners, andior the Use of their Officers, and for the holding of such public Meetings and transacting such public Business relating to the Town as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time under the Powers of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, direct or allow to be held or transacted therein, and for such Purpose may purchase or hire any Lands or Buildings which the Commissioners think necessary from any Person willing to sell or let the same, or may cause any new Building to be erected upon any Land purchased or hired under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or otherwise belonging to the Commissioners.

LIV. The Commissioners shall require their Clerk, or some Person duly authorized by them in that Behalf, to attend to their Office daily, Sundays, Christmas Days, and Good Fridays, and Days appointed for General Fasts or Thanksgivings only excepted, for the Purpose of receiving Notices, and transacting the ordinary Business of the Commissioners, and due Notice of the Situation of the Office of the Commissioners, and of the Hours during which Attendance is given there, shall be published by the Commissioners within the Limits of the special Act* in such Manner that the same may be fully and generally known.

LV. The Commissioners shall cause Entries of all the Proceedings of the Commissioners, and of every Committee appointed by them, with the Names of the Commissioners who shall attend each Meeting, to be duly made from Time to Time in Books to be provided for the Purpose, which shall be kept by the Clerk under the Superintendence of the Commissioners, mad every such Entry shall be signed by the Chairman of the Meeting at which the Proceeding took place, and such Entry s6 signed shall be received as Evidence in all Courts, and before all Judges, Justices, and others, without Proof of such Meeting having been duly convened or held, or of the Persons attending such Meeting having been or being Commissioners or Members of Committees respectively, or of the Signature of the Chairman, or of the Fact of his having been Chairman, all of which last-mentioned Matters shall be presumed until the contrary is proved; and such Books shall at all. reasonable Times be open to the Inspection of any of the Commissioners, and of any Mortgagee of the Rates or Property of the Commissioners.

And

197

not to invalidate Proceedings

Commissioners may provide public Offices, &c.

Commissioners to provide daily Attendance at their Office to receive Notices, Ac.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book, and, when signed, shall be received in Evidence.

Such Books to be open to Inspection.

fWrnffi

Power to Commissioners to enter into Contracts.

Cap. 16. Commissioners Clauses. 10 Vhx

And with respect to the Contracts to be entered into ad the Deeds to be executed by the Commissioners, be it emcted as follows:

LYI. The Commissioners may enter into Contracts with any Persons for the Execution of any Works directed or authorised by this and the special Act to be done by the Commissioner* or for furnishing Materials, or for any other Things necewn for the Purposes of this or the special Act; and every sock Contract for the Execution of any Work shall be in Writing, and shall specify the Work to be done, and the Materials to be furnished, and the Price to be paid for the same, and the Time or Times within which the Work is to be completed, andtk Penalties to be suffered in case of Nonperformance thereof; and the Power hereby granted to the Commissioners to entc into Contracts may lawfully be exercised as follows; (thats to say,)

Any Contract which if made between private Persons wodc be by Law required to be in Writing and under Seal, or in Scotland by a Probative Deed, the Commissioners may make in Writing and under their Common Seal, if they he incorporated, or if not incorporated under the Hands and Seals, or in Scotland under the Hands of the Commissioners or any Two of them, acting by the Direction sol on behalf of the Commissioners, and in the same Manner may vary or discharge the same:

Any Contract which if made between private Persons would be by Law required to be in Writing and signed by the Parties to be charged therewith, the Commissioner's may make in Writing, signed by the Commissioners or any Tip of their Number acting by the Direction and on beW of the Commissioners, and in the same Manner may tut or discharge the same:

Any Contract which if made between private Persons would by Law be valid, although made by Parol only and ns reduced into Writing, the Commissioners, or any Two of them, acting by the Direction and on Behalf of the Commissioners, may make by Parol only, without Writing, and in the same Manner may vary or discharge the same: And all Contracts made according to the Provisions herein contained, being duly executed by the Persons contracting to perform the Works therein comprised respectively, shall be effectual in Law, and shall be binding on th§ Commissioners, and all other Parties thereto, their Successors, Heirs, Executor?, or Administrators, as the Case may be, and in case of Defalk in the Execution of any such Contract either by the Commissioners or by any other Party thereto, such Actions or Suit? may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered by or against the Commissioners or the other Parties failing in the Execution thereof, as might have been maintained and recovered had the same Contracts been made between priutf Persons only.

LVII. Before

Commissioners Clauses.

Cap. 16. 1*9

LVIJL Before any Contract to the Amount of One hundred Notice to be Pounds or upwards shall be entered into by the Commissioners, ^n"

Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given in some One of the Amount of* Newspapers circulating within the Limits of the special Act, loot or up-expressing the Purpose of such Contract, and inviting any wards *

Person willing to undertake the same to make Proposals for that Purpose to the Commissioners, and the Commissioners shall accept the Proposal which upon a View of all the Circumstances shall appear to them to be most advantageous, and shall take Security for the due and faithful Performance of every such Contract.

LVIIL The Commissioners may compound with any Party Commissioners who has entered into any such Contract, or against whom any may compound Action or Suit has been brought for any Penalty contained of

in any such Contract, or in any Bond or other Security for the Performance thereof, or on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract, Bond, or Security for such Sums of Money or other Recompence as the Commissioners may think proper.

LIX. Where by the special Act or any Act incorporated As to the Con-therewith the Commissioners are authorized oy required to sell Lands^the or convey any Lands vested in them, and no other Mode of Commissioners. Conveyance is provided, they may convey such Lands, or such Interest as the Commissioners have therein, by Deed under the Common Seal of the Commissioners if they be a Corporation, or if not a Corporation by Deed executed by the Commissioners, or any Two of them acting by the Authority of and on behalf of the Commissioners; and a Deed so executed, followed as to Lands in Scotland by Infeftment duly recorded, shall be effectual to vest the Lands comprised therein or such Interest as the Commissioners have therein in the Grantee, or other Person to whom the same shall be so conveyed; and a Receipt under Receipt under such Common Seal, or under the Hands of Two of the Com- Seal to be a missioners acting as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Discharge to Dls '

the Purchaser of any such Lands for the Purchase Money in such Receipt expressed to be received.

And with respect to the Liabilities of the Commissioners, Legal and to legal Proceedings by or against the Commissioners, be Proceedings. it enacted as follows:

LX. No Commissioner, by being Party to or executing in Commissioners his Capacity of Commissioner any Contract or other Instru- ^able' ment on behalf of the Commissioners, or otherwise lawfully fo^cVdonc executing any of the Powers given to the Commissioners, shall in the Capacity be subject to be sued or prosecuted, either individually or col- °/a Commls-lectively, by any Person whomsoever; and the Bodies or Goods sloner' or Lands of the several Commissioners shall not be liable to execution of any legal Process by reason of any Contract or other Instrument so entered into, signed, or executed by them, or by reason of any other lawftd Act done by them in the Execution of any of their Powers as Commissioners; and the Comxniaionera Commissioners respectively, their Heirs, Executors, and Admi-

nistrators,

done in the* Execution of their Office.

Actions or Suits to be brought in the Name of *ny Two Commissioners or their Clerk.

Executions to be levied on the Goods belonging to Commissioners by virtue of their Office only.

Commissioners and Clerk to be reimbursed all Damages, &c.

How Indictments to be preferred.

Offietri.

Power to Commissioners to appoint Clerk and other Officers, and remove them from Time to Time.

Cap. 16. Commissioners Clauses. 10 VICT *

nistrators, shall be indemnified out of the Rates and other Monies coming to the Hands of the Commissioners by virtue of this and the special Act for all Payments made or Liability incurred in respect of any Acts done by them, and for all Losses, Costs, and Damages which they may incur in the Execution of the Powers granted to them.

LXL In all Actions and Suits in respect of any Matter or Thing relating to the Execution of this or the special Act, to be brought by or against the Commissioners, it shall be sufficient, where such Commissioners are not a Body Corporate, to state the Names of any Two of the Commissioners, or the Name of their Clerk, as the Party, Plaintiff or Defendant, representing the Commissioners in any such Action or Suit, and no such Action or Suit shall abate or be discontinued, or require to be transferred by reason of the Death of any such Commissioner, or by his ceasing to be Commissioner, or by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk.

LXII. Execution upon every Judgment or Decree against the Commissioners in any such Action or Suit shall be levied on the Goods, Chattels, or Personal Effects belonging to the Commissioners by virtue of their Office, and shall not in any Manner extend to charge or make liable the Persons, or private Lands or Goods of any of the Commissioners, or the Heirs* Executors, or Administrators of any of them.

LXIII. Every Commissioner or Clerk in whose Name any such legal Proceeding shall be carried on, cither as Plaintiff or Defendant, on behalf of the Commissioners, shall be reimbursed, out of the Monies which shall come into the Hands of the Treasurer of the Commissioners by virtue of his Office, all Damages, Costs, Charges, and Expences to which any such Commissioner or Clerk may be put, or with which he may become chargeable by reason of being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

LXIV. The Commissioners may prefer a Bill of Indictment against any Person who shall steal or wilfully injure any Property or Thing belonging to the Commissioners, or under their Management, or institute any other Proceeding which may appear to them necessary for the Protection of such Property, and in every such Case it shall be sufficient to state generally the Property or Thing in respect of which such Proceeding shall have been taken to be the Property of the Commissioners, as they shall be described in the special Act, without naming the individual Commissioners.

And with respect to the Appointment and Accountability of the Officers of the Commissioners, be it enacted as follows:

LXV. The Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint and employ a Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, Assessor, and all such other Officers to assist in the Execution of this and the special Act as they shall think necessary and proper, and from Time to Time remove any of such Officers, and appoint others in the Room of such as shall be so removed, or as may die, resign, or discontinue their Offices, and may, out of the Monies to be raised

Commissioners Clauses.

Cap. 16,

201

raised for the Purposes of this and the special Act, pay such Officer *

Salaries and Allowances to the said Officers respectively as the -

Commissioners shall think reasonable.

LXVI. The same Person shall not be appointed to the Office Offices of Clerk both of Clerk and Treasurer; and if any Person being the Clerk, or the Partner of such Clerk, or in the Service of such by the same Clerk or of his Partner, accept the Office of Treasurer, or if Person, ady Person being the Treasurer, or the Partner of such Treasurer, or in the Service of such Treasurer or of his Partner, accept the Office of Clerk, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and any Person may sue for such Penalty by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of the Superior Courts, and shall on Recovery thereof be entitled to full Costs of Suit.

LXVTL Every Officer employed by the Commissioners who Officer taking shall exact or accept on account of any thing done by virtue of th^owed*0 his Office, or in relation to the Matters to be done under this to low his or the special Act, any Fee or Reward whatsoever other than Office, and the Salary or Allowances allowed by the Commissioners, or who forf5l, t 50/0 shall be in anywise concerned or interested in any Bargain or Contract made by the Commissioners, shall be incapable of being afterwards employed by the Commissioners, and shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and any Person may sue for such Penalty by Action of Debt or on the Case in any of the Superior Courts, and shall on Recovery thereof be entitled to full Costs of Suit.

LXVIII. Before any Person, whether Treasurer, Collector, Security to be or other Officer intrusted by the Commissioners with the Cus- offiwwintrust-tody or Control of Monies by virtue of his Office, shall enter ed with Money, upon such Office, the Commissioners shall take sufficient Security from him for the faithful Execution thereof.

LXIX. Every Collector appointed or employed by the Com- Collectors to missioner8 by virtue of this or the special Act to collect any Rates shall, within Seven Days after he shall have received any Days to the Monies on account of any such Rates, pay over the same to Treasurer, the Treasurer of the Commissioners to their Account, and the Receipt of such Treasurer for the Monies so paid shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Collector, and every such Collector shall, in such Time and in such Manner as the Commissioners direct, deliver to them true and perfect Accounts in Writing under his Hand of all Monies received by him and of all Monies paid by him to the said Treasurer by virtue of this or the special Act, and also a List of the Names of all Persons who have neglected or refused to pay any Rate or Money owing by them, with a Statement of the Monies due from them respectively.

LXX. Every Collector and other Officer appointed or em- Officer* to ployed by the Commissioners by virtue of this or the special ccount *

Act shall, from Time to Time when required by the Commissioners, make out and deliver to them, or to any Person appointed by them for that Purpose, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his Hand of all Monies received by him on behalf, of the Commissioners, and such Account shall state how and to whom and for what Purpose such Monies have been

disposed

Commissioners Clauses.

202

Officuru

Summary Recovery against Parties failing to account.

Officers refusing to make out Account and deliver up Documents, &c. may be committed to Prison.

Where Officer about to abscond, a Warrant may be issued in the first instance.

Cap. 16.

10 Vict.

disposed of, and together with such Account such Officer shall deliver the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments; and every such Officer shall pay to the Commissioners, or to any Person appointed by them to receive the same, all Monies which shall appear to be owing from him upon the Balance of such Accounts.

LXXI. If any such Collector or other Officer fail to render such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up all the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same in his Possession or Power, or to pay the Balance thereof when thereunto required, or if for Five Days after being thereunto required he fail to deliver up to the Commissioners, or to any Person appointed by them to receive the same, all Papers and Writings, Property, Effects, Matters, and Things, in his Possession or Power, relating to the Execution of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or belonging to the Commissioners, then on Complaint thereof being made to a Justice, or to the Sheriff, such Justice or Sheriff shall summon such Officer to appear before Two or more Justices or before such Sheriff, according as the Summons may have been issued by a Justice or by the Sheriff, at a Time and Place to be set forth in such Summons, to answer such Charge; and upon the Appearance of such Officer, or upon Proof that such Summons was personally served upon him, or left at his last known Place of Abode, such Justices or Sheriff may hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and may adjust and declare the Balance owing by such Officer; and if it appear, either upon Confession of such Officer, or upon Evidence, or upon Inspection of the Account, that any Monies of the Commissioners are in the Hands of such Officer, or owing by him to the Commissioners, such Justices or Sheriff may order such Officer to pay the same, and if he fail to pay the Amount it shall be lawful for such Justices or Sheriff to grant a Warrant to levy the same by Distress, or by Poinding and Sale, or in default thereof to commit the Offender to Gaol, there to remain without Bail for a Period not exceeding Three Months, unless the same be sooner paid.

LXXII. If any such Officer summoned as aforesaid refuse to make out such Account in Writing, or to produce and deliver to the Justices or Sheriff the several Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, or to deliver up any Books, Papers, or Writings, Property, Effects, Matters, or Things, in his Possession or Power, belonging to the Commissioners, such Justices or Sheriff may commit such Offender to Gaol, there to remain until he shall have delivered up all the Vouchers and Receipts in his Possession or Power relating to such Accounts, and all the Books, Papers, Writings, Property, Effects, Matters, and Things, in his Possession or Power, belonging to the Commissioners.

LXXIII. Provided always, That if any Commissioner, or other Person acting on behalf of the Commissioners, shall make Oath that he has good Reason to believe, upon Grounds to be stated in his Deposition, and that he does believe that it is

the

1847.

Commissioners Clauses. Cap. 16. 303

the Intention of any such Officer as aforesaid to abscond, the Officen.

Justice or the Sheriff before whom the Complaint is made may, -

instead of issuing his Summons, issue his Warrant for bringing such Officer before such Two Justices as aforesaid if the 'Warrant be issued by a Justice, or before such Sheriff if the 'Warrant be issued by him; but no Person executing such 'Warrant shall keep such Officer in Custody longer than Twenty-four Hours without bringing him before some Justice or the Sheriff, according as he may be summoned before the one or the other; and the Justice or Sheriff before whom such Officer may be brought may either discharge such Officer, if he think there is no sufficient Ground for his Detention, or order such Officer to be detained in Custody so as to be brought before Two Justices at a Time and Place to be named in such Order, unless such Officer give Bail to the Satisfaction of such Justice for his Appearance before such Justices to answer the Complaint of the Commissioners.

LXXIV. No such Proceeding against or Dealing with any Proceeding* such Officer as aforesaid shall deprive the Commissioners of any Remedy which they might otherwise have against any Surety sureties. of such Officer.

And with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Mortgage*. Commissioners, be it enacted as follows: -

LXXV. Every Mortgage or Assignation in Security of Rates Form of Mort-or other Property authorized to be made under the Provisions 8*8*-of this or the special Act shall be by Deed duly stamped, in which the Consideration shall be truly stated; and every such Deed shall be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners if they be a Body Corporate, or if they be not a Body Corporate shall be executed by the Commissioners, or any Five of them, and may be according to the Form in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and the respective Mortgagees or Assignees in Security shall be entitled one with another to their respective Proportions of the Rates and Assessments or other Property comprised in such Mortgages or Assignations respectively, according to the respective Sums in such Mortgages or Assignations mentioned to be advanced by such Mortgagees or Assignees respectively, and to be repaid the Sums so advanced, with Interest, without any Preference one above another by reason of the Priority of advancing such, x Monies, or of the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignations respectively.

LXXVI. A Register of Mortgages or Assignations in Se- Register of curity shall be kept by the Clerk to the Commissioners, and j^k^TncUo where by the special Act the Commissioners are authorized or be open to required to raise separate Sums on separate Rates or other Inspection. Property, a separate Register shall be kept for each Class of Mortgages or Assignations in Security, and within Fourteen Days after the Date of any Mortgage or Assignation in Security an Entry or Memorial of the Number and Date thereof and of the Names of the Parries thereto, with their proper

Additions,

Commissionert Clauset.

10 Vick

Mprtfagti.

Transftrt of Mortgages.

Register of Transfers to be kept.

Interest on Mortgages to be paid half-yearly.

Power to borrow Money at a lower Rate of Interest to pay off Securities at a higher Rate.

Repayment of Money borrowed at a Time and Place agreed upon.

Cap. 16.

Additions, shall be made in the proper Register, and every such Register may be perused at all reasonable Times by any Person interested in any such Mortgage or Assignation in Security without Fee or Reward.

LXXVII. Any Person entitled to any such Mortgage or Assignation may transfer his Right and Interest therein to any other Person, and every such Transfer shall be by Deed duly stamped, wherein the Consideration shall be truly stated; and every such Transfer may be according to the Form in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect.

LXXVIII. Within Thirty Days after the Date of every such Transfer, if executed within the United Kingdom, or otherwise within Thirty Days after the Arrival thereof in the United Kingdom, it shall be produced to the Clerk to the Commissioners, and thereupon such Clerk shall cause an Entry or Memorial thereof to be made, in the same Manner as in the Case of the original Mortgage or Assignation in Security, and for such Entry the Clerk may demand a Sum. not exceeding Five Shillings; and after such Entry every such Transfer shall entitle the Transferee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage or Assignation in Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, and such Transferee may in like Manner assign or transfer the same again toties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person, except the Person to whom the same shall- have been last transferred, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to make void, release, or discharge the Mortgage or Assignation so transferred, or any Money thereby secured.

LXXIX. Unless otherwise provided by any Mortgage or Assignation in Security, the Interest of the Money borrowed thereupon shall be paid half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto.

LXXX. If the Commissioners can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than any Securities given by them and then be in force shall bear, they may borrow such Sum at such lower Rate as aforesaid, in order to pay off and discharge the Securities bearing such higher Rate of Interest, and may charge the Rates and other Property which they may be authorized to mortgage or assign in Security under this or the special Act, or any Part thereof, with Payment of such Sum and such lower Rate of Interest, in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as are herein contained with respect to other Monies borrowed on Mortgage or Assignation in Security.

LXXXI. The Commissioners may, if they think proper, fix a Period for the Repayment of all Principal Monies borrowed under the Provisions of this or the special Act, with the Interest thereof, and in such Case the Commissioners shall cause such Period to be inserted in the Mortgage Deed or Assignation in Security; and upon the Expiration of such Period the Principal Sum, together with the Arrears of Interest thereon, shall, on Demand, be paid to the Party entitled to receive such

Principal

Commissioners Clauses.

Cap. 16,

205

Principal Money and Interest, and if no other Place of Payment be inserted in such Deed such Principal and Interest shall be payable at the Office of the Commissioners.

JLXXXII. If no Time be fixed in the Mortgage Deed or Assignation in Security for the Repayment of the Money so borrowed, the Party entitled to receive such Money may, at the Expiration or at any Time after the Expiration of Twelve Months from the Date of such Deed, demand Payment of the Principal Money thereby secured, with all Arrears of Interest, upon giving Six Months previous Notice for that Purpose, and in the like Case the Commissioners may at any Time pay off the Money borrowed, on giving the like Notice; and every such Notice shall be in Writing or Print, or both, and if given by a Mortgagee or Creditor shall be delivered to the Clerk or left at the Office of the Commissioners, and if given by the Commissioners shall be given either personally to such Mortgagee or Creditor, or left at his Residence, or if such Mortgagee or Creditor be unknown to the Commissioners, or cannot be found after diligent Inquiry, such Notice shall be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette if the Office of the Commissioners is in England, the Edinburgh Gazette if it is in Scotland, or in the Dublin Gazette if it is in Ireland.

LXXXIII. If the Commissioners shall have given Notice of their Intention to pay off any such Mortgage or Assignation in Security at a Time when the same may lawfully be paid off by them, then at the Expiration of such Notice all further Interest shall cease to be payable thereon, unless, on Demand of Payment made pursuant to such Notice, or at any Time thereafter, the Commissioners fail to pay the Principal and Interest due at the Expiration of such Notice on such Mortgage or Assignation in Security.

LXXXIV. In order to discharge the Principal Money borrowed as aforesaid on Security of any of the Rates the Commissioners shall every Year appropriate and set apart out of such Rates respectively a Sum equal to the prescribed Part, and if no Part be prescribed One Twentieth Part of the Sums so borrowed respectively, as a Sinking Fund to be applied in paying off the respective Principal Monies so borrowed, and shall from Time to Time cause such Sinking Fund to be invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills or other Government Securities, or in Scotland deposited in One of the Banks there incorporated by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, and to be increased by Accumulation in the way of Compound Interest or otherwise, until the same respectively shall be of sufficient Amount to pay off the Principal Debts respectively to which such Sinking Fund shall be applicable, or some Part thereof which the Commissioners shall think ought then to be paid ofl^ at which Time the same shall be so applied in paying off the same in manner herein-after mentioned.

LXXXV. Whenever the Commissioners shall be enabled to pay off One or more of the Mortgages or Assignations in Security which shall be then payable, and shall not be able to Q pay

Mortgage

Repayment of Money borrowed when no Time or Place has been agreed upon.

Interest to cease on Expiration of Notice to pay off a Mortgage Debt.

Monies borrowed on Security of Rates to be paid off in a limited Period.

Mode of paying off Mortgages.

Mortgages.

Arrears of Interest, when to be enforced by Appointment of a Receiver.

Arrears of Principal and Interest.

As to the Appointment of Receiver.

Cap. 16. Commissioners Clauses. 10 VICTw

pay off the whole of the same Class, they shall decide the Order m which they shall be paid off by Lot among the Class to which such One or more of the Mortgages or Assignations in Security belong, and shall cause a Notice, signed by their Clerk, to be given to the Persons entitled to the Money to be paid off, pursuant to such Lot, and such Notice shall express the Principal Sum proposed to be paid off, and that the same will be paid, together with the Interest due thereon, at a Place to be specified, at the Expiration of Six Months from the Date of giving such Notice,

LXXXVI. Where by the special Act the Mortgagees or Assignees in Security of the Commissioners are empowered to enforce the Payment of the Arrears of Interest, or the Arrears of Principal and Interest, due to them, by the Appointment of a Receiver, then, if within Thirty Days after the Interest accruing upon any such Mortgage or Assignation in Security has become payable, and, after Demand thereof in Writing, the same be not paid, the Mortgagee or Assignee in Security may, without Prejudice to his Right to sue for the Interest so in arrear in any of the Superior Courts, require the Appointment of a Receiver, by an Application to be made as herein-after provided; and if within Six Months after the Principal Money owing upon any such Mortgage or Assignation in Security has become payable, and after Demand thereof in* Writing the same be not paid, together with all Interest due in respect thereof, the Mortgagee or Assignee in Security, without Prejudice to his Right to sue for such Principal Money, together with all Arrears of Interest, in any of the Superior Courts, may, if his Debt amount to the prescribed Sum, alone, or if his Debt do not amount to the prescribed Sum he may in conjunction with other Mortgagees or Assignees in Security, whose Debts being so in arrear, after Demand as aforesaid, together with his amount to the prescribed Sum, require the Appointment of a Receiver, by an Application to be made as herein-after provided.

LXXXVII. Every Application for a Receiver in the Cases aforesaid shall in England or Ireland be made to Two Justices, and in Scotland to the Sheriff, and on any such Application such Justices or Sheriff may, by Order in Writing, after hearing the Parties, appoint some Person to receive the whole or a competent Part of the Rates or Sums liable to the Payment of such Interest, or such Principal and Interest, as the Case may be, until such Interest, or until such Principal and Interest, as the Case may be, together with all Costs, including the Charges of receiving the Rates or Sums aforesaid, be fully paid; and upon such Appointment being made all such Rates and Sums of Money as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as may be ordered by the said Justices or Sheriff, shall be paid to the Person so to be appointed, and the Money so paid shall be so much Money received by or to the Use of the Party to whom such Interest, or such Principal and Interest, as the Case may be, shall be then due, and on whose Behalf such Receiver shall have been appointed, and after such Interest and Costs, or such Principal,

Interest,

1847. Commissioners Clauses. Cap. 16. 207

Interest, and Costa, have been ao received, the Power of such Mortgages.

Receiver shall cease. '

LXXXVIIL The Books of Account of the Commissioners Account Booi$s shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of the Jhe^iuTection respective Mortgagees or Assignees in Security of the Commis- of Mor^ecL sioners, with Liberty to take Extracts therefrom without Fee or Reward.

And with respect to the Accounts to be kept by the Com- Accounts. missioners, be it enacted as follows:

LXXXIX. The Commissioners shall cause Books to be pro- Accounts to be Tided and kept, and true and regular Accounts to be entered therein of all Sums of Money received and paid for and on ments, which account of this and the special Act, and of the several Purposes shall1)6 open for which such Sums of Money shall have been received and for Inspection-paid, which Books shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Inspection of any of the Commissioners, and any Mortgagee,

Assignee in Security, 6r other Creditor of the Commissioners, without Fee or Reward, and the Commissioners and Persons aforesaid, or any of them, may take Copies of or Extracts from the said Books, without paying any thing for the same; and any Penalty for Clerk or other Person having the Custody of the said Books Refusal* who shall not on any reasonable Demand of any Commissioner,

Mortgagee, or Creditor as aforesaid permit him to inspect the said Books, or to take such Copies or Extracts as aforesaid, shall be liable to a Penalty of Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XC. The Commissioners shall cause their Accounts to be statement of balanced in each Year to a Period not less than One Month before the annual General Meeting at which they are to be fobe open for produced, as after mentioned; and Fourteen Days at the least Inspection, before such Meeting the Commissioners shall cause a full and true Statement and Account to be drawn out of the Amount of all Rates or Assessments made, and of all Contracts entered into, and of all Monies received and expended by virtue of this or the special Act during the preceding Year, and also of all Debts then owing by the Commissioners, and they shall cause such Statement and Account to be printed, and shall allow the same to remain for Inspection at the Office of the Commissioners; and every Creditor on the Rates and Assessments by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, authorized to be made, and every Person paying any such Rate or Assessment, or any Person acting on behalf of any such Creditor or Rate-payer, may, at all reasonable Times, inspect such Statement and Account, and compare the same with the Books and Documents relating thereto in the Possession of the Commissioners; and the Clerk shall, on Demand, furnish a Copies of such printed Copy of the said Statement and Account to every such to l)e

Creditor and Rate-payer without Fee; and Fourteen Days at the least before to the Meeting for examining and settling such Account the Commissioners shall give public Notice of such intended Meeting, stating in such Notice that the said State-

0 2 ment

208

Account*.

Accounts to be examined and settled at the annual Meeting.

Auditors to be appointed.

Qualification of Auditors.

Auditors to inspect Accounts, and may appeal against Part of the same, if they think fit.

Cap. 16. Commissioners Clauses. 10 Vict.

ment and Account are printed, and lie at the Office of the Commissioners ready for the Inspection of the Creditors and Rate-payers or other Parties interested.

XCL The Accounts of the Commissioners, so balanced as aforesaid, together with the said Statement and Account, shall be produced at the annual Meeting of the Commissioners, or at some Adjournment thereof, at which Meeting all Creditors and Rate-payers and other Persons interested may be present, and the Accounts shall be then finally examined and settled by the Commissioners, and if the same be found just and true they shall be allowed by the Commissioners, and certified accordingly under the Hand of the Chairman of such Meeting; and after such Accounts have been so allowed and signed by such Chairman, and also by the Auditors as herein-after provided, the same shall be final in regard to all Persons whomsoever, unless an Appeal be prosecuted against such Accounts as herein-after provided.

XCII. Except in the Cases where by the special Act Provision is made for the Appointment of a permanent Auditor, and such Auditor shall have been appointed accordingly, the Ratepayers present at the said annual Meeting may appoint Two or more Persons not being Commissioners to be Auditors of the Accounts of the Commissioners; and if no other Person present at such Meeting propose the Names of Two Persons to be appointed Auditors by such Meeting, it shall be the Duty of the Chairman of the Meeting to propose the Names of Two Persons to be so appointed; and the Persons so to be appointed Auditors shall have the like Qualification, and shall be subject to the like Disqualification or Disability, as the Commissioners; and before entering on their Office they shall make and sign before a Justice or the Sheriff a solemn Declaration of the like Purport and Effect to that hereby required to be signed by the Commissioners; and the Auditors so appointed shall receive a reasonable Remuneration for their Time and Trouble, not exceeding Two Guineas each for every Day they shall be fully employed on such Audit, and all such Expences as they shall be put unto attending the auditing of the said Accounts; and if any Dispute arise as to the Amount of the Remuneration and Expences to be paid to such Auditors, it shall in England or Ireland be settled by Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff

XCIII. The Auditors so nominated, or the said permanent Auditor, if any shall have been appointed as aforesaid, shall attend, as soon as conveniently may be after the said annual Meeting, at the Office of the Commissioners, or at some other convenient Place to be appointed by the Commissioners, and from Time to Time shall, in the Presence of the Clerk to the Commissioners if he desire to be present, proceed to audit the Accounts of the Commissioners for the Year preceding the said annual Meeting; and the Commissioners shall by their Clerk produce and lay before such Auditors the Accounts so allowed and certified as aforesaid, together with the Statement

and

1847.

Commissioners Clauses.

Cap. 16.

209

and Account herein-before mentioned, accompanied with proper Vouchers in support of the same, and all Books, Papers, and Writings in their Custody or Power relating thereto; and any Person interested in the said Account, either as a Creditor of the Commissioners or as a Bate-payer, may be present at the Audit of the said Accounts by himself or his Agent, and may make any Objection to any Part of such Account; and if the said Accounts be found correct such Auditors shall sign the same in token of their Allowance thereof, but if such Auditors think there is just Cause to disapprove of any Part of the said Accounts, they or any other Person interested in the said Accounts as aforesaid may appeal against any such Parts of the Baid Accounts as shall be so disapproved or to one of the Two next Quarter Sessions in England or Ireland, and to the Sheriff in Scotland, Notice in Writing of such Appeal being given to the Clerk of the Commissioners Fourteen Days at the least before the Hearing of such Appeal.

XCIV. Upon the Hearing of any such Appeal the Justices or the Sheriff may make such Order as they or he think fit respecting the Payment of the Costs of the Appellant out of the Monies coming to the Hands of the Commissioners under the Special Act or otherwise, as they or he think fit, and such Order shall be final

XCV. The Commissioners shall every Year cause an annual Account in abstract to be prepared, showing the total Receipt and Expenditure of all Funds levied by virtue of this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, for the Year ending on the Day down to which their Accounts shall have been made up for the said annual Meeting, or some other convenient Day in each Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with a Statement of the Balance of such Account, duly audited and certified by the Chairman of the Commissioners and also by the Auditors thereof, and shall, if the Undertaking is situated in England or Ireland, send a Copy of the said Account free of Charge to the Clerk of the Peace for the County where the Undertaking is situate, and if the Undertaking is situated in Scotland shall send such Copy to the Sheriff Clerk of such County, on or before the Thirty-first Day of January then next, or within One Month after the same has been duly audited, which Account shall be open to the Inspection of the Public at all reasonable Hours, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection; and if the Commissioners shall omit to prepare and transmit such Account as aforesaid, they shall be liable for every such Omission to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

And with respect to the making of Bye Laws, be it enacted as follows:

XCVI. The Commissioners may from Time to Time make Bach Bye Laws as they think fit, for the Purpose of regulating the Conduct of the Officers and Servants of the Commissioners, and for providing for the due Management of the Affairs of the

0 3 Com-

Jceounts.

The Court may order Payment of the Costs of the Appeal.

Annual Account to be made up and! transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace in England or Ireland, or to the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, and to be open to Inspection.

Bye Lavs,

Power to make Bye Laws for regulating the Conduct of the Officers, &c. of the Cominis-

210

Bye Laws,

Fines for Breach of such Bye Laws.

Bye Laws to be so framed as that Penalties may be mitigated.

Notices,

Service of Notices upon Corn* missioners.

Notices by Advertisement.

Authentication of Notices and Orders.

Proof of Debts in Bankruptcy.

Cap. 16. Commissioners Clauses. 10 Vict.

Commissioners, and may from Time to Time alter or repeal any such Bye Laws and make others, provided such Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom where the same are to have effect, or to the Provisions of this or the special Act; and such Bye Laws shall be reduced into Writing, and shall have affixed thereto the Common Seal of the Commissioners, where the Commissioners are a Body Corporate, or shall be signed by the Commissioners, or any Two of them, where they are not a Body Corporate $ and a Copy of such Bye Laws shall be given to every Officer and Servant of the Commissioners affected thereby.

XCVII. The Commissioners may by such Bye Laws impose such reasonable Penalties upon all Persons, being Officers or Servants of the Commissioners, offending against such Bye Laws as the Commissioners think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds for any One Offence.

XCVIir. All the Bye Laws to be made by the Commissioners shall be so framed as to allow the Justice or the Sheriff before whom any Penalty imposed thereby may be sought to be recovered to order a Part only of such Penalty to be paid, if such Justice or Sheriff think fit.

And with respect to giving Notices and Orders, be it enacted as follows:

XCIX. Any Summons or Notice, or any Writ or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity, requiring to be served upon the Commissioners, may be served by the same being left at or sent through the Post Office directed to the Commissioners, at their principal Office, or one of their principal Offices where there shall be more than One, or by being given personally to the Clerk, or in case there be no Clerk, then by being given to any One Commissioner.

C. All Notices required by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, to be given by Advertisement, shall be advertised in the prescribed Newspaper, or if no Newspaper be prescribed, or if the prescribed Newspaper cease to be published, in a Newspaper circulating in the District within which the Undertaking shall be situated.

Cl. Every Order, Summons, Notice, or other such Document requiring Authentication by the Commissioners shall be sufficiently authenticated if signed by Two Commissioners, or by the Clerk of the Commissioners, and it need not be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners, although they be incorporated, and the same may be in Writing or in Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print.

CII. And with respect to the Proof of Debts in Bankruptcy or Insolvency, be it enacted, That if any Person against whom the Commissioners have any Claim or Demand become bankrupt, or take the Benefit of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, the Clerk or Treasurer of the Commissioners, in all Proceedings against the Estate of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, or under any Fiat, Sequestration, or Act of Insolvency against

Commissioners Clauses. Cap. 16. 211

such Bankrupt or Insolvent, may represent the Commissioners, NoHeu.

and act in their Behalf, in all respects as if such Claim or -

Demand had been the Claim or Demand of such Secretary or Treasurer, and not of the Commissioners,

CIII. And with respect to Tender of Amends, be it enacted. Tender of That if any Person shall have committed any Irregularity, Amends. Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of tms or the special Act, or by virtue of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if before Action brought in respect thereof such Party make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made, the Defendant, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, may at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices or to the Sheriff, be it enacted -

as follows:

CIV. If the Undertaking be situate in England or Ireland the Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act; and if the Undertaking be situate in Scotland the Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, (Scotland) 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to the Sheriff or to Justices shall be incorporated with this and the special Act; and such Clauses shall apply to the Undertaking, and to the Commissioners respectively, and shall be construed as if the Word " Commissioners" had been inserted therein instead of the Word "Company."

CV. All Things herein or in the special Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, may and shall be done in England and Ireland by any One Magistrate having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two or more Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff or Steward of any County or Stewartry or Ward, or his Substitute.

CVI. Every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by any Bye Law in pursuance thereof, in respect of any Offence which shall take place within the Metropolitan Police District, shall be recovered, enforced, accounted for, and, except where the Application thereof is otherwise specially provided for, shall be paid to the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, and shall be applied in the same Manner as Penalties or Forfeitures, other than Fines upon drunken Persons, or upon Constables

0 4 for

Railways Clauses Consolidation Acta, 1845, as to Damages, &c. to be incorporated with this and the special Act.

All Things required to be done by Two Justices . in England and Ireland may, in certain Cases, be done by One, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, Ac.

Penalties, &c. imposed in respect of any Offence committed within the Metropolitan Police District to be paid to the Receiver, and applied under 2 & 3 Vict. c71

212 Uap. 16. Commissioners Clauses. 10 Vict.

Burners of for Misconduct, or for Assaults upon Police Constables, are D<£?%i!?d directed to be recovered, enforced, accounted for, paid, and

___ applied by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of

Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis; and every Order or Conviction of any of the Police Magistrates in respect of any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be subject to the like Appeal and upon the same Terms as is provided in respect of any Order or Conviction of any of the said Police Magistrates by the said last-mentioned Act; and every Magistrate by whom any Order or Conviction shall have been made shall have the same Power of binding over the Witnesses who shall have been examined, and such Witnesses shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Expences as they would have had or been entitled to in case the Order, Conviction, and Appeal had been made in pursuance of the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

In Ireland Part CVII. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case of any be paidko Gum- imposed by Justices, where the Application is not

diaas of Unions, otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more than One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Offence shall have been committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Union. r>fr, <?8 §iiring CVIII. Every Person who, upon any Examination upon liable to PraaL Oath under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any ties of Perjury. Act incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

Nothing in this CIX. And be it enacted, That nothing in this or the spe-

Act^affhcf Act k deemed to extend to or affect any Act of the Rights of Parliament relating to Her Majesty's Duties of Customs or the Crown. Excise, or any other Revenue of the Crown, or to extend to or affect any Claim of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, or otherwise howsoever, or any Proceedings at Law or in Equity by or on behalf of Her Majesty, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Acuu to And with respect to Access to the special Act, be it enacted

tpteitd Act. f0JJ0w8 .

Copies of speoal Act to be kept by Commissioners at their Office, and deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, Ac* and be open to Inspection.

CX. The Commissioners shall, at all Times after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of the special Act, keep in their principal Office of Business a Copy of the special Act, printed by the Printers to Her Majesty, or some of them; and shall also, within the Space of such Six Months, deposit in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace in England or Ireland, and of the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, of the County in which the Undertaking is situate, a Copy of such special Act so printed as aforesaid; and the said Clerk of the Peace and Sheriff Clerk respectively shall receive, and they and the Commissioners respectively shall keep, the said Copies of the special Act, and shall permit all Persons interested to inspect the same, and make Extracts or Copies therefrom, in the like Manner,

and

Commissioners Clauses.

213

Cap. 16 *

and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for

Default, as is provided in the Case of certain Plans and Sec- *pccuU *

tions by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the 7W. 4.&i Vict.

Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of* 83.

such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them

under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament

CXL If the Commissioners fail to keep or deposit as Penalty on herein-before mentioned any of the said Copies of the special Act, they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, or deport such and also Five Pounds for every Day afterwards during which Copies, such Copy shall be not so kept or deposited.

CXII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act 1)6 or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Par- amen ed, &c' liament

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) Sect 23.

Voting Paper.

Town of [or District of]

Voting Paper for the Town [or District] of [or, if divided into Wards,

Voting Paper for Ward, in the Town [or

District] of]

Name of the Persons voted for as Commissioners. Christian Name and Surname of Voter. Description of Property. Number of Votes.

As Owner. As Occupier.

I vote for the Persons named in the above List as Commissioners for this Town [or District or Ward, as the Case may be].

(Signed)

Here the Name of the Voter should be written.

SCHEDULE (B.) Sect 75.

Form of Mortgage.

By virtue of [here name the special Act], we [here name the Corporation, if the Commissioners be incorporated, or if not incorporated.

214 Cap. 16, Commissioners Clause*. 10 Vict.

corporated, Five of the Commissioners,] appointed in pursuance of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of

paid to the Treasurer to the said Commissioners by A.B. of for the Purposes of the stud Act,

do grant and assign unto the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates, Bents, Profits, and other Monies arising or accruing by virtue of the said Act from [here describe the Rates or other Property proposed to be mortgaged] as the said Sum of doth or shall

bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Bates, Bents, Profits, or Monies, to hold to the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from this Day until the said Sum of with Interest at

per Centum per Annum for the same, shall be fully paid and satisfied (the Principal Sum to be repaid at the End of Years from the Date hereof [in case any Period

be agreed upon for that Purpose]). Given under our Corporate Seal [or. In witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, or, if the Deed be granted in Scotland, insert the testing Clause required by the Law of Scotland, as the Case may be,] this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (C.) Sect. 77.

Form of Transfer of Mortgage.

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of

paid to me by C.D. of do hereby

transfer to the said C. D., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, a certain Mortgage, [or, if the Deed be granted in Scotland, a certain Assignation in Security,] Number made by " The Commissioners for executing the [here name the special Act] to bearing Date the Day of

for securing the Sum of and

Interest [or, if such Transfer be by Endorsement, the within Security], and all my Bight, Estate, and Interest in and to the Money thereby secured, and in and to the Rates, Bents, Profits, or other Monies thereby assigned. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal [or, if the Deed be granted in Scotland, insert the testing Clause required by the Law of Scotland,] this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

SCHEDULE (D.) Sect.

Form of Conviction.

\ Be it remembered, That on this Day of

to wit. J in the Year of our Lord A.B.

is convicted before us, Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the

Peace

915

.184?, Commissioners Clauses^ Waterworks Clauses, Cap,

Peace for the County of [or before me

the Sheriff of the County of ] [here describe the

Offence generally, and the Time and Place when and where committed], contrary to [here name the special Act], Given under our Hands and Seals [or, if by the Sheriff, under my Hand] the Hay and Year first above written.

C.

Z>,

CAP. XVII.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Waterworks for supplying Towns with Water.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in One Act sundry ' " Provisions usually contained in Acts of Parliament

authorizing the Construction of Waterworks for supplying Towns with Water, and that as well for avoiding the Necessity

of repeating such Provisions in each of the several Acts relating to such Undertakings as for ensuring greater Unifor-

mity in the Provisions themselves:1 Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall extend only to such Waterworks as Extent of Act shall be authorized by any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed, which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith, and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by any such Act, shall apply to the Undertaking authorized thereby, so far as the same shall be applicable to such Undertaking, and shall with the Clauses of every other Act which shall oe incorporated therewith, form Part of such Act, and be construed therewith as forming One Act,

And with respect to the Construction of this Act, and any inteipreutions Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows: in this Act:

II. The Expression "the special Act" used in this Act shall <(special Act:" be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed authorizing the Construction of Waterworks, and with which this Act shall be incorporated; and the Word "prescribed" «prescribed used in this Act, in reference to any Matter herein stated, shall be construed to refer to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the special Act, and the Sentence in which such Word occurs shall be construed as if, instead of the Word " prescribed," the Expression " prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act " had been used; and the Expression " the Lands and Streams" shall mean the Lands and Streams <the Lands and of Water which shall by the special Act be authorized to be Stream*; taken or used for the Purposes thereof; and the Expression

" the

Waterworks Clauses.

lOVto

u the Undertaking :H

" the Undertakers."

Interpretations in this and the special Act:

Number:

Gender:

" Person Lands " Streams;" M Street:"

* the Waterworks

" Water Rate

" Month Superior Courts:"

" Oath

County

" Justice

Cap. 17.

" the Undertaking" shall mean the Waterworks, and the Worts connected therewith, by the special Act authorized to be constructed; and the Expression " the Undertakers" shall meantk Persons by the special Act authorized to construct the Waterworks.

III. The following Words and Expressions, in both this act

the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, shall ban the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Constrocda: (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include tk Plural Number; and Words importing the Plural Number only shall include also the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Person " shall include a Corporation, whetfe

aggregate or sole:

on n

The Word "Lands" shall include. Messuages, Lands, Tee-ments, and Hereditaments, or Heritages of any Tenure: The W ord " Streams " shall include Springs, Brooks, Rina and other running Waters:

The Word "Street" shall include any Square, Court, *? Alley, Highway, Lane, Road, Thoroughfare, or pobk Passage or Place within the Limits of the special Act: The Expression "the Waterworks" shall mean the Wife-works, and the Works connected therewith, by the sped Act authorized to be constructed:

The Expression ''Water Rate" shall include any B Reward, <>r Payment to be made to the Undertaken fa; Supply of Water:

The Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month;

The Expression " Superior Courts," where the Matter ak mitted to tin* Cognizance of the Court arises in England*! Ireland, shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts ei Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common Pleas of tk County Palatine of Lancaster and the Court of Pleas ci the County of Durham; and where such Matter arisesk Scotland, it shall mean the Court of Session:

The Word "Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Casecf Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted fora Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed byLo to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word "County" shall include Riding or other Division of a County having a separate Commission of tk Peace, and in Scotland Stewartry, and any Ward at other Division of a County or Stewartry having a sepanfe Sheriff, and it shall also include County of a City or County of a Town:

The Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace act«§ for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises; and if such Matter arise in respect

1847* Waterunris Clause*. Qap. 17* tit

respect of Land# or Stream* situated not wholly in One *

Jurisdiction, shall mean a Justice acting for the County or Place where any Part of such Lands or Streams shall be situated; and where any Matter is authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, the Expression,

"Two Justices" shall be understood to mean Two or "TwoJu*-more Justices met and acting together: *

The Word " Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff Depute of the "Sheriff; County or Ward of a County in Scotland and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Scotland in which the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Sheriff arises, and shall include the Substitutes of such Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute respectively:

T he Expression Quarter Sessions" shall mean Quarter «Quarter Ses- Sessions as defined in the special Act, and if such Ex- OM pression be not there defined, it shall mean the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held at the Place nearest to the Waterworks, or the principal Office thereof, for the County or Place in which the Waterworks, or the principal Office thereof, is situate, or for some Division of such County having a separate Commission of the Peace:

The Expression " the Town Commissioners" shall mean the "the Town Parties defined under that Title in the special Act, and Commission-where no such Parties shall be there defined shall mean er8: the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Parties having the Control or Management of the Streets under any Act for pavingor improving the Town or District to be supplied with Water under the special Act:

The Word "Inspector" shall mean an Officer appointed "Inspector." under any local Act relating to the Town or District supplied with Water under the special Act, for the Purpose of inspecting or superintending Works connected with the Paving, Drainage, or Supply of Water of such Town or District, or an Officer appointed under any general Act for executing the like Duties with respect to such Town or District together with other Towns or Districts.

And with respect to citing this Act, or any Part thereof, be citing the Act* it enacted as follows: -

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in Short Title of legal Instruments, it shall be enough to use the Expression Act- "The Waterworks Clauses Act, 1847."

V. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act Form in which with any Act hereafter to be passed, it shall be enough to Portions of this describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in fa^ted in the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such other Acts. Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that thia

Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act, and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they are expressly

varied

Construction of WaUrworkt.

Construction of Waterworks to be subject to the Provisions of this Act and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845.

Errors and Omissions in Plans, &c. may be corrected by Justices, Ac., who shall certify the same.

Certificate, &c. to be deposited.

Cap. 17< Waterworks Clause* 10 Victf#

varied of exempted by such Act, form Part of such Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

And with respect to the Construction of the Waterworks, be it enacted as follows:

VI. Where by the special Act the Undertakers shall be empowered, for the Purpose of constructing or supplying Waterworks, to take or use any Lands or Streams otherwise than with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, they shall, in exercising the Power so given to them be subject to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this Act, and if the Waterworks be situated in England or Ireland, to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and if the Waterworks be situated in Scotlandf the Provisions and Restrictions contained in the Lands Clauses Consolidation, Scotland, Act, 1845; and shall make to the Owners and Occupiers of and all other Parties interested in any Lands or Streams taken or used for the Purposes of the special Act, or iiyuriously affected by the Construction or Maintenance of the Works thereby authorized, or otherwise by the Execution of the Powers thereby conferred, full Compensation for the Value of the Lands and Streams so taken or used, and for all Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Persons, by reason of the Exercise, as to such Lands and Streams, of the Powers vested in the Undertakers by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith; and except where otherwise provided by this or the special Act, the Amount of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts respectively for determining Questions of Compensation with regard to Lands purchased or taken under the Provisions thereof^ and all the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Acts respectively shall be applicable to determine the Amount of any such Compensation, and to enforce Payment or other Satisfaction thereof.

VII. If any Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description shall have been made of any Lands or Streams, or of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of any. Lands or Streams, described on the Plans or Books of Reference deposited in compliance with the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament, or in the Schedule to the special Act, the Undertakers, after giving Ten Days Notice to the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands and Streams affected by such proposed Correction, may apply, in England or Ireland, to Two Justices, and in Scotland to the Sheriff, for the Correction thereof; and if it appear to such Justices or Sheriff that such Omission, Misstatement, or wrong Description arose from Mistake, they or he shall certify the same accordingly, and shall in such Certificate state the Particulars of any such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description; and such Certificate, with the other Documents to which it relates, shall be deposited, in England or

Ireland,

1847^ Wat&rworki Clause*. Cap. 17. 210

Ireland* with the Clerk of the Peace, and in Scotland with the CtmnmHok Sheriff Clerk of the several Counties in which the Lands or Streams affected thereby are situated, or, where any such Lands or Streams are situated in a Royal Burgh in Scotland, with the Town Clerk of such Burgh; and such Certificate shall be kept by such Clerks of the Peace, Sheriff Clerks, or Town Clerks respectively with the other Documents to which they relate; and thereupon such Plan, Book of Reference, or Schedule shall be deemed to be corrected according to such Certificate; and the Undertakers may make the Works in accordance with such Certificate, as if such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description had not been made.

VIII. The Undertakers shall not begin to execute the Works not to be Waterworks unless they shall have previously deposited with proceeded with the Clerk of the Peace in England or Ireland, and the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, of every County, and the Town Clerk of authored by every Royal Burgh in Scotland, in which the Waterworks shall Parliament bate be situated, a Plan and Section of all such Alterations from the been deposited* original Plan and Section (if any) as shall have been approved of by Parliament, on the same Scale and containing the same Particulars as the original Plan and Section of the Waterworks, and shall also have deposited with the Parish Clerks of the several Parishes in England, and the Clerks of the Unions of the several Parishes in Ireland, and the Schoolmasters of the several Parishes in Scotland, in which such Alterations shall have been authorized to be made, Copies or Extracts of or from such Plans and Sections as shall relate to such Parishes

respectively.

IX. The said Clerks of the Peace, Sheriff Clerks, and Town Clerk* of th« Clerks, Parish Clerks, Clerks of Unions, and Schoolmasters, pkJ^of shall receive the said Plans and Sections of Alterations, and Alterations, &c., Copies and Extracts thereof respectively, and shall keep the *nd allow same, as well as the said original Plans and Sections, and shall Inspection-allow all Persons interested to inspect any of the Documents aforesaid, and to make Copies and Extracts of and from the same, in the like Manner and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided in the Case of the original Plans and Sections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to compel 7 w. 4. & l Vict. Clerks of the Peace for Counties, and other Persons, to take the c. ss.

Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament.

X. Copies of the said Plans and Books of Reference, or of Copie* of Plan* any Alteration or Correction thereof or Extracts therefrom, certified by any such Clerk of the Peace, Sheriff Clerk, or Town Evidence. Clerk, which Certificate such Clerk shall give to all Parties interested, when required, shall be received in all Courts of Justice or elsewhere as Evidence of the Contents thereof.

XI. The Undertakers in constructing the Waterworks shall Hot to deviate not deviate from the Line of the Works laid down in the said beyond Limits Plan mere than the prescribed Number of Yards, and where no

Number

Construction of Waterworks

Undertaken subject to Provisions of this and the special Act, may execute the Works herein named *

Undertakers to make Compensation for Damages.

Penalty for obstructing Construction of Works.

Penalty for illegally diverting Water.

Cap. 17- Waterworks Clauses* 10 VICT-

Number of Yards is prescribed not more than Ten Yards, nor in any Case to any greater Extent than the Line of lateral Deviation described in the said Plans with respect to such Works, nor take nor use, for the Purpose of such Deviation, the Lands of any Person not mentioned in the Books of Reference, without his previous Consent in Writing, unless the Name of such Person shall have been omitted by Mistake, and the Fact that such Omission happened from Mistake shall have been certified in manner herein-before provided.

XII. Subject to the Provisions and Restrictions in this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, the Undertakers may execute any of the following Works for constructing the Waterworks; (that is to say,)

They may enter upon any Lands and other Places described on the said Plans and in the said Books of Reference, and take Levels of the same, and set out such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary, and dig and break up the Soil of such Lands, and trench and sough the same, and remove or use all Earth, Stone, Mines, Minerals, Trees, or other Things dug or gotten out of the same:

They may from Time to Time sink such Wells or Shafts, and make, maintain, alter, or discontinue such Reservoirs, Water-works, Cisterns, Tanks, Aqueducts, Drains, Cuts, Sluices, Pipes, Culverts, Engines, and other Works, and erect such Buildings, upon the Lands and Streams authorized to be taken by them, as they shall think proper, for supplying the Inhabitants of the Town or District within the prescribed Limits with Water:

They may from Time to Time divert and impound the Water from the Streams mentioned for that Purpose in the special Act, or the said Plans or Books of Reference, and alter the Course of any such Streams, not being navigable, and also take such Waters as may be found in and under or on the Lands to be taken for constructing the Works: Provided always, that in the Exercise of the said Powers the Undertakers shall do as little Damage as can be, and in all Cases where it can be done shall provide other Watering Places, Drains, and Channels for the Use of adjoining Lands, in place of any such as shall be taken away or interrupted by them, and shall make full Compensation to all Parties interested for all Damage sustained by them through the Exercise of such Powers.

XIII. Every Person who shall wilfully obstruct any Person acting under the Authority of the Undertakers in setting out the Line of the Works, or pull up or remove any Poles or Stakes driven into the Ground for the Purpose of setting out the Line of such Works, or deface or destroy any Works made for the same Purpose, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XIV. After the Streams or Supplies of Water hereby or by the special Act authorized to be taken by the Undertakers shall have been so taken, every Person who shall illegally divert or

take

1847. Waterworks Clauses. Cap. 17."

take the Waters supplying or flowing into the Streams so taken, or any Part thereof, or who shall do any unlawful Act whereby the said Streams or Supplies of Water may be drawn off or diminished in Quantity, and who shall not immediately repair the Injury done by him, on being required so' to do by the Undertakers, so as to restore the said Waters to the State in which they were before such Act, shall forfeit to the Undertakers any Sum which shall be awarded in England or Ireland, jy Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which the said Supply of Water shall be diverted or diminished by reason of any Act lone by or by the Authority of such Person, and any Sum so orfeited shall be in addition to the Sum which he may be lawfully adjudged liable to pay to the Undertakers for any Damage vhich they may sustain by reason of their Supply of Water >eing diminished; and the Payment of the Sum so forfeited shall not bar or affect the Right of the Undertakers to bring or aise an Action at Law against such Person for the Damage o committed.

XV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall revent the Owners and Occupiers for the Time being of Lands hrough or by which such Streams shall flow from using the Vaters thereof in such Manner and to such Extent as they light have done before the passing of the special Act, unless hey shall have received Compensation in respect of their Right f so using such Water.

And with respect to the Construction of Works for the Ac-ommodation of Lands adjoining the Waterworks, be it enacted 3 follows:

XVI. Where by the special Act the Undertakers shall be 'quired to erect any Works for making good the Interruption msed to any Lands adjoining or near the Waterworks, or herwise, for the Accommodation of such Lands, then if any ifference shall arise respecting the Construction of any such ccommodation Works, or the Kind or Size or Sufficiency ereof, or respecting the Maintenance thereof, the same shall

determined in England or Ireland by Two Justices, and in Gotland by the Sheriff, and such Justices or Sheriff shall also point the Time within which such Accommodation Works all be begun and finished by the Undertakers.

XVII. If the Undertakers shall for Fourteen Days next; er the Time appointed by such Justices or Sheriff for the ^ginning of any such Accommodation Works fail to begin ch Works, or having begun such Works, fail diligently to ecute the same in a sufficient Manner, the Person aggrieved

such Failure may execute such Works or Repairs; and the isonable Expences thereof shall, on Demand, be repaid by 3 Undertakers to the Person by whom the same shall so have 2n executed; and if there be any IJispute about the Amount Nature of such Expences, the same shall be settled in Eng-15. Price 2rf.] p land

821

Conatruction. of Waterworha.

..Reservation of existing Rights.

Accommodation

Worht.

Differences as to the Construction of Accommodation Works to be settled by Justices.

If Undertakers fail to execute such Works, Persons aggrieved may perform the same, and charge the Expence to the Undertakers.

Mints.

Undertaken not entitled to Mines unless previously purchased.

Map and Flan of underground Works of Undertakers to be made.

Copies of such Map or Flan to be deposited with Clerk of the Peace, &c.

Clerks of the Peace, &e. to receive and keep Copies of the

Cap. 17. Waterworks Clauses. 10 Vict.

land or Ireland by Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff.

And with respect to Mines, be it enacted as follows:

XVIII. The Undertakers shall not be entitled to any Mines of Coal, Ironstone, Slate, or other Minerals under any Land purchased by them, except only such Parts thereof as shall be necessary to be dug or carried away or used in the Construction of the Waterworks, unless the same shall have been expressly purchased, and all such Mines, excepting as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be excepted out of the Conveyance of such Lands, unless they shall have been expressly named therein and conveyed thereby.

XIX. The Undertakers shall from Time to Time, within Six Months from the Time at which any Pipes, Conduits, or underground Works shall have been laid down or formed by them, cause a Survey and Map to be made of the District within which any such Pipes or underground Works shall be laid, on a Scale not less than One Foot to a Mile, and shall cause to be marked thereon the Course and Situation of all existing Pipes or Conduits for the Collection, Passage, or Distribution of Water and underground Works belonging to them, in order to show all such underground Works within the said District, and shall, within Six Months from the making of any Alterations or Additions, cause the said Map to be from Time to Time corrected, and such Additions made thereto as may show the Line and Situation of all such Pipes, Conduits, and underground Works as may be laid down or formed by them from Time to Time after the passing of the special Act, and such Map and Plan, or a Copy thereof, with the Date expressed thereon of the last Time when the same shall have been so corrected as aforesaid, shall be kept in the Office of the Undertakers, and shall be open to the Inspection of all Persons interested in the same within the said District.

XX. The Undertakers shall, from Time to Time, within Three Months from the Time at which any such Map or Plan, or any such Correction thereof or Addition thereto, shall have been made as aforesaid, deposit with the Clerks of the Peace in England or Ireland, and with the Sheriff Clerks in Scotland, of every County, and the Town Clerk of every Burgh in Scotland, in which such District or any Part thereof may be situate, and also with the Parish Clerks of the several Parishes in England, and Clerks of the Union of the several Parishes in Ireland, and the Schoolmaster of the several Parishes in Scotland, in which such underground Works shall be situate. Copies of the said Map or Plan, with all such Particulars, and all such Corrections and Additions as aforesaid, so far, as relates to such Counties, Burghs, and Parishes respectively.

XXI. The said Clerks of the Peace, Sheriff Clerks, and Town Clerks, Parish Clerks, Clerks of the Union, and Schoolmasters shall receive the said Copies of the said Map and Plan

respectively.

184^* Waterworks Clauses. Cap. 17. 22

respectively, and shall keep the same, and shall allow all Per- Map, &c., an<: sons interested to inspect the same, and take Copies or Extracts Inspec" of and from the same, in the like Manner, and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided in the Case of Maps and Plans deposited under an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An 7W.4.&1 Vi«.k Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties, and other Persons, c'8 J* to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament.

XXII. Except where otherwise provided for by Agreement Mines lying between the Undertakers and other Parties, if the Owner, ^rt^WorI Lessee, or Occupier of any Mines or Minerals lying under the worked until Reservoirs or Buildings belonging to the Undertakers, or under Owners give any of their Pipes or Works which shall be under Ground, and Sukers shall be described in the Map or Plan which shall be so kept their intention; and deposited as herein-before mentioned, or within the prescribed Distance, if any, and if no Distance be prescribed within Forty Yards therefrom, be desirous of working the same, such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier shall give the Undertakers Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do Thirty Days before the Commencement of working; and upon the Receipt of such Upon Receipt Notice it shall be lawful for the Undertakers to cause such of Notice, Un Mines to be inspected by any Person appointed by them for the Purpose, and if it appear to the Undertakers that the working making Com-of such Mines or Minerals is likely to damage the said Works, pensation to and if they be willing to make Compensation for such Mines to the Owners* uch Owner, Lessee, or Occupier thereof, then he shall not work the same; and if the Undertakers and such Owner do not agree as to the Amount of such Compensation the same shall be settled as in other Cases of.disputed Compensation.

XXIII. If before the Expiration of such Thirty Days the Undertakers do not state their Willingness to treat with such for Payment*^ Owner, Lessee, or Occupier for the Payment of such Compen- Compensation, sation, it shall be lawful for him to work the said Mines, and to drain the same, by means of Engines or otherwise, as if this e Ine* Act and the special Act had not been passed, so that no wilful Damage be done to the said Works, and so that the said Mines be not worked in an unusual Manner; and if any Damage or Owners to Obstruction be occasioned to the Works of the Undertakers by Samagewea-the working of such Mines in an unusual Manner the same shall sioned by work be forthwith repaired or removed (as the Case may require), |ng the Mines and such Damage made good, by the Owner, Lessee, or Occu- ^a^n^lusual pier of such Mines or Minerals, and at his own Expence, and if such Repair or Removal be not forthwith done, or if the Undertakers shall so think fit, without waiting for the same to be done by such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier, it shall be lawful for the Undertakers to execute the same, and recover from such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier the Expence occasioned thereby by Action in any of the Superior Courts.

XXIV. If the working of any such Mines under the said Mining Com-Works of the Undertakers or within the above-mentioned raumcations *

P 2 Distance

Mine*.

Company to make Compensation to *Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of Mines for Expences incurred by reason of Mines being worked.

Disputes to Le settled by .Arbitration.

3'ower to Company to enter and inspect the working of Mines, after giving Notice of the same.

Nothing to prevent Undertakers from being liable to Actions for

Cap. 17. Waterworks Clauses IOYkt.

Distance therefrom be prevented as aforesaid by rets i apprehended Injury to such Works, it shall be lawful fortk respective Owners, h md Occupiers of such Mines toes

and make such and so many Airways, Headways, Gatewri or Water Levels through the Mines, Measures, or Stntai working whereof shall be so prevented as may be requisite t enable them to ventilate, drain, and work any Mines or Minerals on each or either Side thereof, but no such Airway, Has* way, Grateway, <>r Water Level shall be of greater Dimensb or Sections than the prescribed Dimensions or Sections, n: where no Dimensions arc prescribed Eight Feet wide and Efe Feet high, nor shall the same be cut or made upon any Pan' the said Works so as to injure the same.

XXV. Except where otherwise provided for by Agrees the Undertakers shall from Time to Time pay to the Owl?: Lessee, or Occupier of any Mines of Coal, Ironstone, and ek* Minerals extending so as to lie on both Sides of any Ee» J voirs. Buildings, Pipes, Conduits, or other Works, all ne additional Expences and Losses as shall be incurred bya: Owner, Lessee, or Occupier by reason of the Severance of s. Lands over such Mines or Minerals by such Reservoirs or od? | Works, or of the continuous working of such Mines or Unei being interrupted as aforesaid, or by reason of the same te; worked under the Restrictions contained in this or the speo1 Act; and for any Mines or Minerals not purchased by si Undertakers, which cannot be obtained by reason of nib and maintaining the said Works, or by reason of such app: bended Injury from the working thereof as aforesaid; andi any Dispute or Question shall arise between the Undertak* and such Owner, Lessee, or Occupier as aforesaid touchingii Price of such Minerals, the same shall be settled by Arbitrate in such Manner as is provided by the Lands Clauses Const-dation Act if tin* Pndcrtaking shall be situate in Englad Ireland, and by the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland).\T if the Undertaking shall be situate in Scotland,

XXVI. For better ascertaining whether any such Minesr being worked or have been worked so as to damage the» Works it shall be lawful for the Undertakers, after give Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing, to enter upon any Lin through or near which the said Works are situate, and whers any such Mines are being worked or are supposed so to be, d to enter into and return from any such Mines or the Wort connected therewith, and for that Purpose it shall be lawfulh them to make use of any Apparatus or Machinery belonging'' the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of such Mines, and to use a-necessary Moans for discovering the Distance from the Works to the Parts of such Mines which are being worked if about to be worked.

XXVII. Nothing in this or the special Act shall preret: the Undertakers from being liable to any Action or other to Proceeding to which they would have been liable for any Dan^t or Injury done or occasioned to any Mines by means orincus *

eeqnesce

1847. Watemorks Clauses. Cap. 17. 225

sequence of the Waterworks, in case the same had not been Injury done t» constructed or maintained by virtue of this Act or the special Mines *

Act.

And with respect to the breaking up of Streets for the Pur- Laying of pipe*. pose of laying Pipes, be it enacted as follows:

XXVIII. The Undertakers, under such Superintendence as

is herein-after specified, may open and break up the Soil and , £der Super-0 Pavement of the several Streets and Bridges within the Limits intendence, and of the special Act, and may open and break up any Sewers, 40 open Dra, ns-Drains, or Tunnels within or under such Streets and Bridges, and lay down and place within the same Limits Pipes, Conduits, Service Pipes, and other Works and Engines, and from Time to Time repair, alter, or remove the same, and for the Purposes aforesaid remove and use all Earth and Materials in and under such Streets and Bridges, and do all other Acts which the Undertakers shall from Time to Time deem necessary for supplying Water to the Inhabitants of the District included within the said Limits, doing as little Damage as can be in the Execution of the Powers hereby or by the special Act granted, md making Compensation for any Damage which may be done n the Execution of such Powers.

XXIX. Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall Not to enter on authorize or empower the Undertakers to lay down or place any ^th^ut^n-Pipe, Conduit, Service Pipe, or other Work in any Land not ^nU u ledicated to public Use without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, except that the Undertakers at any Time may

niter upon and lay or place any new Pipe in the Place of an listing Pipe in any Land wherein any Pipe hath been already awfully laid down or placed in pursuance of this or the special \ct, or any other Act of Parliament, and may repair or alter ny Pipe so laid down.

XXX. Before the Undertakers open or break up any Street, Notice to be fridge. Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, they shall give to the Persons servejj °? Cruder whose Control or Management the same may be, or to Control7&c. leir Clerk, Surveyor, or other Officer, Notice in Writing of before breaking leir Intention to open or break up the same, not less than up Streets or 'hree clear Days before beginning such Work, except in Cases openuie ralns- Emergency arising from Defects in any of the Pipes or other

forks, and then so soon as is possible after the Beginning of le Work or the Necessity for the same shall have arisen.

XXXI. No such Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel Streets or lall, except in the Cases of Emergency aforesaid, be opened

broken up, except under the Superintendence of the Persons excet under , ving the Control or Management thereof, or of their Officer, Superinten-d according to such Plan as shall be approved of by such de"^viner arsons or their Officer, or in case of any Difference respecting control ofgthc ch Plan, then according to such Plan as shall be determined same.

Two Justices; and such Justices may, on the Application the Persons having the Control or Management of any such wer or Drain, or their Officer, require the Undertakers to ike such temporary or other Works as they may think necessary

126 Cap. 17. Waterworks Clauses. 10 Vict.

Trying of Pipes,

for guarding against any Interruption of the Drainage

--- during the Execution of any Works which interfere with any

f Persons hav- such Sewer or Drain: Provided always, that if the Persons rolt&c*AU-to having such Control or Management as aforesaid, and their uperintend, Officer, fail to attend at the Time fixed for the opening of any Undertakers, such Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, after having had he^Woric'with- 8UC^ot'ce the Intention of the Undertakers as aforesaid, iut them. or shall not propose any Plan for breaking up or opening the same, or shall refuse or neglect to superintend the Operation, the Undertakers may perform the Work specified in such Notice without the Superintendence of such Persons, or their Officer. Streets, &c.

XXXII. When the Undertakers open or break up the Road be^elnstated or Pavement Street or Bridge, or any Sewer, Drain, or

without Delay. Tunnel, they shall with all convenient Speed complete the Work for which the same shall be broken up, and fill in the Ground, and reinstate and make good the Road or Pavement, or the Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, so opened or broken up, and carry away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, and shall at all Times whilst any such Road or Pavement shall be so opened or broken up cause the same to be fenced and guarded, and shall cause a Light sufficient for the warning of Passengers to be set up and kept thereagainst, every Night during which such Road 1 or Pavement shall be continued open or broken up, and shall,

after replacing and making good the Road or Pavement which shall have been so broken up, keep the same in good Repair for Three Months thereafter, and such further Time, if any, not being more than Twelve Months in the whole, as the Soil so broken up shall continue to subside.

Penalty for De- XXXIII. If the Undertakers open or break up any Street

in* ^treets^c or B^dge, or any Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, without giving such mg ee, c. ^0^ce ag aforesa; (^ or in a Manner different from that which shall have been approved of or determined as aforesaid, or without making such temporary or other Works as aforesaid, when so required, except in the Cases in which the Undertakers are authorized to perform such Works without any Superintendence or Notice, or if the Undertakers make any unnecessary Delay in completing any such Work, or in filling in the Ground, or reinstating and making good the Road or Pavement, or the Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel, so opened or broken up, or in carrying away the Rubbish occasioned thereby, or if they neglect to cause the Place where such Road or Pavement has been broken up to be fenced, guarded, and lighted, or neglect to keep the Road or Pavement in repair for the Space of Six Months next after the same is made good, or such further Time as aforesaid, they shall forfeit to the Persons having the Control or Management of the Street, Bridge, Sewer, Drain, or Tunnel in respect of which such Default is made a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, and an additional Sum of Five Pounds for each Day during which any such Delay as aforesaid shall continue after they shall have received Notice thereof.

In case of XXXIV. If any such Delay or Omission as aforesaid shall

P^S« maCr take P^ace the Persons having the Control or Management of "1CS may the

Waterworks Clauses.

1847.

Cap. 17.

227

8*PPtyof

Water.

A constant Supply of Water to be kept for domestic Purposes at high Pressure.

the Street, Bridge, Sewer, Brain, or Tunnel in respect of which reinstate and such Delay or Omission shall take place may cause the Work recover the so delayed or omitted to be executed, and the Expence of exe- Expence* rating the same shall be repaid to such Persons by the Undertakers, and such Expences may be recovered in the same Way as Damages are recoverable under this and the special Act.

And with respect to the Supply of Water to be furnished by the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows:

XXXV. The Undertakers shall provide and keep in the Pipes to be laid down by them a Supply of pure and wholesome Water, sufficient for the domestic Use of all the Inhabitants of the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act, who, as herein-after provided, shall be entitled to demand a Supply, and shall be willing to pay Water Rate for the same; and such Supply shall be constantly laid on at such a Pressure as will make the Water reach the top Story of the highest Houses within the said Limits, unless it be provided by the special Act that the Water to be supplied by the Undertakers need not be constantly laid on under Pressure; and the Undertakers shall cause Pipes to be laid down and Water to be brought to every Part of the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act whereunto they shall be required by so many Owners or Occupiers of Houses in that Part of the Town or District, as that the aggregate Amount of Water Bate payable by them annually at the Rates specified in the special Act shall be not less than One Tenth Part of the Expence of providing and laying down such Pipes; provided that no such Requisition shall be binding on the Undertakers unless such Owners or Occupiers shall severally execute an Agreement binding themselves to take such Supply of Water for Three successive Years at least.

XXXVI. If for Twenty-eight Days after Demand in Writing made to the Undertakers, and Tender made of an Agreement, signed by such Number of Owners or Occupiers as aforesaid, to take and pay for a Supply of Water for Three Years or more, the Undertakers shall refuse or neglect to lay down Pipes in the Manner herein-before directed, and to provide such Supply of Water as aforesaid or as provided by the special Act, they shall forfeit to each of such Owners and Occupiers the Amount of Rate which he would be liable to pay under such Agreement, and also the further Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day during which they shall refuse or neglect to lay down such Pipes, or to provide such Supply of Water: Provided always, that the Undertakers shall not be liable to any Penalty for not supplying Water if the Want of such Supply shall arise from Frost, unusual Drought, or other unavoidable Cause or Accident.

XXXVII. In all the Pipes to which any Fire-plug shall be fixed the Undertakers shall provide and keep constantly laid on, unless prevented by Frost, unusual Drought, or other unavoidable Accident, or during necessary Repairs, a sufficient

Penalty for Neglect to lay Pipes for Supply of Water for domestic Use.

[Proviso.]

Supply of Water to be kept for cleansing Sewers, Drains, &c. and for other

2?8

Waterworks Clauses.

public Purposes.

Fire-plugt.

Undertakers to affix public Fire-plugs in Mains.

Undertakers to repair Fireplugs and deposit Keys thereof at Engine Houses, See.

Expence of Fire-plugs, &c.f how to be borne.

Fire-plugs to be placed near Manufactories at Request, &c. of Owners.

Pipes to be kept charged, and Water taken to extinguish Fires without Charge.

Cap. 17.

10 Vict.

Supply of Water for the following Purposes; (that is to say,) for cleansing the Sewers and Drains, for cleansing and watering the Streets, and for supplying any public Pumps, Baths, or Wash-houses that may be established for the free Use of the Inhabitants, or paid for out of any Poor Rates or Borough Rates levied within the Limits of the special Act; and such Supply shall be provided at such Rates, in such Quantities, and upon such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed upon by the Town Commissioners and the Undertakers, or, in case of Disagreement, as shall be settled in Ungland or Ireland by Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, until in either Case an Inspector shall have been appointed, and after the Appointment of such Inspector, by the Inspector so appointed.

XXXVIII. The Undertakers, at the Request of the Town Commissioners, shall fix proper Fire-plugs in the Main and other Pipes belonging to them, at such convenient Distances, not being more than the prescribed Distance, or, if no Distance be prescribed, not more than One hundred Yards from each other, and at such Places as may be most proper and convenient for the Supply of Water for extinguishing any Fire which may break out within the Limits of the special Act; and in case of any Difference of Opinion as to the proper Position or Number of such Fire-plugs, it shall be settled by such Inspector as aforesaid, when appointed, and in the meantime by Two Justices in England or Ireland, and by the Sheriff in Scotland.

XXXIX. The Undertakers shall from Time to Time renew and keep in effective Order every such Fire-plug; and as soon as any such Fire-plug is completed they shall deposit a Key thereof at each Place within the Limits of the special Act where any public Fire Engine is kept, and in such other Places as may be appointed by the Town Commissioners, and shall put up a public Notice in some conspicuous Place in each Street in which such Fire-plug is situated showing its Situation, which Notice the Undertakers may put up on any House or Building in such Street.

XL. The Cost of such Fire-plugs, and the Expence of fixing, placing, and maintaining the same in repair, and of providing such Keys as aforesaid, shall be defrayed by the Town Commissioners.

XLI. The Undertakers shall, at the Request and Expence of the Owner or Occupier of any Work or Manufactory situated in any Street in which there shall be a Pipe of the Undertakers, place and maintain in effective Order a Fire-plug (to be used only for extinguishing Fires) as near as conveniently may be to such Work or Manufactory.

XLII. The Undertakers shall at all Times keep charged with Water, under such Pressure as aforesaid, all their Pipes to which Fire-plugs shall be fixed, unless prevented by Frost* unusual Drought, or other unavoidable Cause or Accident, or during necessary Repairs, and shall allow all Persons at all Times to take and use such Water for extinguishing Fire, without making Compensation for the same.

XLIII. If,

Waterworks Clauses,

Cap. 17.

229

XLIII. If, except when prevented as aforesaid, the Under- Penalty for Re-takers neglect or refuse to fix, maintain, or repair such Fire- fa.8*1 to plugs, or to furnish to the Town Commissioners a sufficient Supply of Water for the public Purposes aforesaid, upon such Failure of Sup-Terms as shall have been agreed on or settled as aforesaid, or pty of Water, if, except as aforesaid, they neglect to keep their Pipes charged under such Pressure as aforesaid, or neglect or refuse to furnish to any Owner or Occupier entitled under this or the special Act to receive a Supply of Water during any Part of the Time for which the Rates for such Supply have been paid or tendered, they shall be liable to a Penalty of Ten Pounds, and shall also forfeit to the Town Commissioners, and to every Person having paid or tendered the Rate, the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day during which such Refusal or Neglect shall continue after Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Undertakers of the Want of Supply.

And with respect to the Communication Pipes to be laid Pipe* to be laid by the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows: t9^J^feTm

XLIV. The Undertakers shall, upon the Request of the -

Owner of any Dwelling House in any Street in which Pipes

shall have been laid down by them, the annual Value of which munication "

House shall not exceed Ten Pounds, or upon Request of the Pipes on Re-

Occupier, with the Consent in Writing of the Owner or re- ^ith"

puted Owner of any such House, or of the Agent of such Consent

Owner, and upon Payment or Tender of the Proportion of of Owners in

Water Rate in respect of such House'by this or the special

Act made payable in advance, lay down Communication Pipes

and other necessary Works for the Supply of such House with

Water for domestic or other Purposes, and shall keep the same

in repair, and thereupon the Occupier of such House shall be entitled to have a sufficient Supply of Water for his domestic

Purposes from the Undertakers; and the Undertakers may

charge for such Pipes and Works, in addition to the Water

Rate, such reasonable annual Rent as shall be agreed upon, or,

in case of Dispute, as shall be settled by such Inspector as

aforesaid, when appointed, and ii\ the meantime as shall in

England or Ireland be settled by Two Justices, and in Scotland

by the Sheriff; and such Rent shall be chargeable on and

recoverable from the Occupier, or, in his Default, from the

Owner of such House, at the some Times and in the same

Manner as Water Rates; and such Pipes and other Works

shall not be subject to Distress or to the Landlord's Hypothec

for Rent, nor to be taken in Execution under any Process of a

Court of Law or Equity, or under any Fiat or Sequestration

in Bankruptcy, against such Occupier or against such Owner,

unless he shall have become the Proprietor of the said Pipes and

Works under the Provisions herein-after contained.

XLV. If, upon such Request and Consent, and upon Tender Penalty on or Payment of such Proportion of Rate as aforesaid, the Under- Kefa^Wo takers for Seven Days neglect or refuse to lay down such lay Communi-Communication Pipes or other Works, they shall be liable to 0411011

forfeit

Pipes to be laid by the Undertakers.

Undertakers to be at liberty to remove Pipes, and recover Expences of Owners or Occupiers.

Cap. 17.

Waterworks.

10 Vict.

No greater Sum to be recovered from Occupiers than Amount of Rent due *

Owner to be at liberty to purchase the Pipes.

forfeit to the Person so making such Bequest the Sum of Five Pounds, and a further Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day during which such Refusal or Neglect shall continue after Seven Days from the making of such Bequest and Tender as aforesaid.

XLVI. If the Occupier for the Time being of the House in which any such Communication Pipes or other Works and Engines shall have been laid down by the Undertakers refuse to pay for a Supply of Water, or if such House be unoccupied for Twelve Months, the Undertakers may demand from the Owner thereof Payment of the Amount of the Principal Money invested by them in providing and laying down such Communication Pipes and other Works and Engines; and if such Owner, after Ten Days Notice given to him by the Undertakers, neglect or refuse to pay such Principal Money, the Undertakers may enter the House and remove such Pipes and other Works; and the Balance of such Principal Money, after deducting the Value of such Pipes and other Works, with all Arrear of Rent for such Pipes and Works, shall, in default of Payment, be recovered, with the Costs incurred, from the Owner or from the Occupier for the Time being in the same Manner as Water Bates are directed by this or the special Act to be recovered: Provided always, that no greater Sum shall be recovered from any such Occupier than the Amount of Rent for the Time being owing by him unless he refuse to discover the Amount of Bent owing by him; and that evfery such Occupier shall be entitled to deduct from the Amount of Bent payable by him the Sum so recovered from him, or which he shall have paid on Demand.

XLVII. The Owner or reputed Owner of any House where any such Communication Pipes or other Works shall have been laid down by the Undertakers may at any Time pay off the Amount then due to the Undertakers in respect of the Costs of providing and laying down such Pipes and Works, and all Rent at that Time due in respect thereof, and thereupon such Pipes and Works shall become the Property of such Owner, and all further Rent in respect thereof shall cease to accrue to the Undertakers.

Pipes to be laid by the Inhabitants.

Power to Inhabitants to lay Service Pipes, giving the Undertakers Notice of the same.

And with respect to the Communication Pipes to be laid by the Inhabitants, be it enacted as follows:

XLVIII. Any Owner or Occupier of any Dwelling House or Part of a Dwelling House within the Limits of the special Act who shall wish to have Water from the Waterworks of the Undertakers brought into his Premises, and who shall have paid or tendered to the Undertakers the Portion of Water Rate in respect of such Premises by this or the special Act directed to be paid in advance, may open the Ground between the Pipes of the Undertakers and his Premises, having first obtained the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers of such Ground, and lay any Leaden or other Pipes from such Premises, to communicate with the Pipes of the Undertakers, such Pipes to be of a

1847.

Waterworks Glauses.

Cap. 17.

Strength and Material to be approved of by the Undertakers, or, in case of Dispute, to be settled in England or Ireland by Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, or in either Case by the Inspector to be appointed as aforesaid: Provided always, that every such Owner or Occupier shall, before he begins to lay any such Pipe, give to the Undertakers Fourteen Days Notice of Iris Intention to do so.

XLIX. Before any Pipe is made to communicate with the Pipes of the Undertakers, the Person intending to lay such Pipe shall give Two Days Notice to the Undertakers of the Day and Hour when such Pipe is intended to be made to communicate with the Pipes of the Undertakers; and every such Pipe shall be so made to communicate under the Superintendence and according to the Directions of the Surveyor or other Officer appointed for that Purpose by the Undertakers, unless such Surveyor or Officer fail to attend at the Time mentioned in the said Notice; and in case of any Dispute as to the Manner in which such Pipe shall be so made to communicate, it shall in England or Ireland be settled by Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, or in either Case by the Inspector to be

Tinted as aforesaid.

The Bore of any such Pipe as last aforesaid shall not exceed the prescribed Limits, and where no Limit shall be prescribed it shall not exceed Half an Inch, except with the Consent of the Undertakers.

LI. Any Person who shall have laid down any Pipe or other Works, or who shall have become the Proprietor thereof, may remove the same, after having first given Six Days Notice in Writing to the Undertakers of his Intention so to do, and of the Time of such proposed Removal, and every such Person shall make Compensation to the Undertakers for any Injury or Damage to their Pipes or Works which may be caused by such Removal; and every Person who shall remove any such Pipe or other Works without giving such Notice as aforesaid shall forfeit to the Undertakers a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, over and above the Damage which he may be found liable to pay in any Action at Law, at the Suit of the Undertakers, for the Damage done to their Pipes or Works.

LIL Amy such Owner or Occupier may open or break up so much of the Pavement of any Street as shall be between the Pipe of the Undertakers, and his House, Building, or Premises, and any Sewer or Drain therein, for any such Purpose as aforesaid, doing as little Damage as may be, and making Compensation for any Damage done in the Execution of any such Work: Provided always, that every such Owner or Occupier desiring to break up the Pavement of any Street, or any Sewer or Drain therein, shall be subject to the same Necessity of giving previous Notice, and shall be subject to the same Control, Restriction, and Obligations in and during the Time of breaking up the same, and also reinstating the same, and to the same Penalties for any Delay in regard thereto, as the Undertakers are subject to by virtue of this or the special Act.

231

Pipes to be laid by the Inhabitants.

Communication with the Pipes of the Undertakers to be made under the Superintendence of their Surveyor.

As to the settling of Disputes.

Bore of Service Pipes.

Service Pipes may be removed after giving Notice of the

Penalty on removing Pipes without Notice.

Power to Inhabitants to break up Pavements, giving Notice of the same.

Owners or Occupiers entU tied to demand a Supply of Water for domestic Purposes.

Protection of Water,

Persons using the Water to provide Cisterns and Cocks.

Penalty for Neglect.

Penalty for suffering Cistern, Stc. to be out of repair.

Undertakers may repair Cisterns, &c., and recover the Expences.

Power to Surveyor employed by Undertakers to enter Houses to inspect, &c.

Penalty for allowing Persons to use the Undertakers Water.

Cap. 17. Waterworks Clauses. IO Vict.

LIII. Every Owner and Occupier of any Dwelling House or Part of a Dwelling House within the Limits of the special Act shall, when he has laid such Communication Pipes as aforesaid, and paid or tendered the Water Rate payable in respect thereof, according to the Provisions of this and the special Act, be entitled to demand and receive from the Undertakers a sufficient Supply of Water for his domestic Purposes.

And with respect to Waste or Misuse of the Water supplied by the Undertakers, be it enacted as follows:

LIY. If by the special Act it be provided that the Water to be supplied by the Undertakers need not be constantly laid on under Pressure, every Person supplied with Water shall, when required by the Undertakers, provide a proper Cistern to hold the Water with which he shall be so supplied with a Ball and Stop Cock in the Pipe bringing the Water from the Works of the Undertakers to such Cistern, and shall keep such Cistern, Ball and Stop Cock, in good Repair, so as effectually to prevent the Water from running to waste; and in case any such Person shall, when required by the Undertakers, neglect to provide such Cistern, Ball or Stop Cock, or to keep the same in good Repair, the Undertakers may cut off the Pipe or turn off the Water from the Premises of such Person until such Cistern and Ball and Stop Cock shall be provided or repaired, as the Case may require.

LY. Every Person supplied with Water by the Undertakers who shall suffer any such Cistern, Pipe, Ball or Stop Cock to be out of repair, so that the Water supplied to him by the Undertakers shall be wasted, shall forfeit to the Undertakers for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LVI. The Undertakers may repair any such Cistern, Pipe, Ball or Stop Cock, so as to prevent any such Waste of Water, and the Expences of such Repair shall be repaid to them by the Person so allowing the same to be out of repair, and may be received as Damages.

LVII. The Surveyor, or any other Person acting under the Authority of the Undertakers, may, between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, enter into any House or Premises supplied with Water by virtue of this or the special Act in order to examine if there be any Waste or Misuse of such Water; and if such Surveyor or other Person at any such Time be refused Admittance into such Dwelling House or Premises for the Purpose aforesaid, or be prevented from making such Examination as aforesaid, the Undertakers may turn off the Water supplied by them from such House or other Premises.

LVIII. Every Owner or Occupier of any Tenement supplied with Water under this or the special Act who shall supply to any other Person or wilfully permit him to take any such Water from any Cistern or Pipe in such Tenement, unless for the Purpose of extinguishing any Fire, or unless lie be a Person supplied with Water by the Undertakers, and the Pipes belonging

to

847.

Waterworks Clauses

Cap. 17.

233

0 him be, without his Default, out of repair, shall forfeit to Fr*Um*f he Undertakers for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding ater' five Pounds.

LIX. Every Person who, not having agreed to be supplied Penalty for nth Water by the Undertakers, shall taxe any Water from taking the Un-, ny Reservoir, Watercourse, or Conduit belonging to the Un-lertakers, or any Pipe leading to any such Reservoir, Water- ment.

; ourse, or Conduit, or from any Cistern or other like Place tontaining Water belonging to the Undertakers, other than uch as may have been provided for the gratuitous Use of he Public, shall forfeit to the Undertakers for every such 3ffence a Sum hot exceeding Ten Pounds.

LX. Every Person who shall wilfully or carelessly break, Penalty for njure, or open any Lock, Cock, Valve, Pipe, Work, or Engine *^°ying belonging to the Undertakers, or shall flush or draw off the V Tes* c* Water from the Reservoirs or other Works of the Undertakers,

>r shall do any other wilful Act whereby such Water shall be wasted, shall forfeit to the Undertakers for every such Offence

1 Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

And with respect to the Provision for guarding against Fading the ouling the Water of the Undertakers, be it enacted os WaUr' 'ollows:

LXI. Every Person who shall commit any of the Offences Penalties for lext herein-after enumerated shall for every such Offence for- -usin£the bit to the Undertakers a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds \ Und^rtakeM to 'that i8 to say,) be fouled, &c.

Every Person who shall bathe in any Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, or other Waterworks belonging to the Undertakers, or wash, throw, or cause to enter therein any Dog or other Animal:

Every Person who shall throw any Rubbish, Dirt, Filth, or other noisome Thing into any such Stream, Reservoir,

Aqueduct, or other Waterworks as aforesaid, or wash or cleanse therein any Cloth, Wool, Leather, or Skin of any Animal, or any Clothes or other Thing:

Every Person who shall cause the Water of any Sink,

Sewer, or Drain, Steam Engine, Boiler, or other filthy Water belonging to him or under his Control, to run or be brought into any Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, or other Waterworks belonging to the Undertakers, or shall do any other Act whereby the Water of the Undertakers shall be fouled:

And every such Person shall forfeit a further Sum of Twenty Shillings for each Day (if more than One) that such last-mentioned Offence shall be continued.

LXII. Every Person making or supplying Gas within the Penalty for jimits of the special Act who shall at any Time cause or suffer pro.

o be brought or to flow into any Stream, Reservoir, Aque- duced in m«k-uct, or Waterworks belonging to the Undertakers, or into any \ne Gas to flow )rain communicating therewith, any Washing or other Sub- ^e^Work"' tance which shall be produced in making or supplying Gas, or who

FovUngtim

Wr-

Penalty to be sued for within Six Months.

Daily Penalty during the Continuance of the Offence.

Penalty on Gas Makers causing Water to be fouled.

Power to examine Gas Pipes, to ascertain Cause of Water being fouled.

The Expences to abide the Result of the Examination.

ltp JVateruxjfki Clausa. 10 Vict.

who shall wilfully do any Act connected with the making or supplying of Gas whereby the Water in any such Stream, Reservoir, Aqueduct, or Waterworks shall be fouled, shall forfeit to the Undertakers for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and such Penalty shall be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the Superior Courts; but such Penalty shall not be recoverable unless it be sued for during the Continuance of the Offence, or within Six Months after it has ceased.

LXIII. In addition to the said Penalty of Two hundred Pounds, and whether such Penalty have been recovered or not, the Person making or supplying Gas as aforesaid shall forfeit to the Undertakers the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in like Manner for each Day during which such Washing or Substance shall be brought or shall flow as aforesaid, or during which the Act shall continue by which such Water is fouled, after the Expiration in either Case of Twenty-four Hours from the Time when Notice of the Offence has been served on such Person by the Undertakers.

LXIV. Whenever the Water supplied by the Undertakers shall be fouled by the Gas of any Person making or supplying Gas within the Limits of the special Act, such Person shall forfeit to the Undertakers for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and a further Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Day during which the Offence shall continue after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Service of Notice of such Offence.

LXV. For the Purpose of ascertaining whether the Water of the Undertakers be fouled by the Gas of any Person making or supplying Gas within the Limits of the special Act, the Undertakers may dig up the Ground, and examine the Pipes, Conduits, and Works of the Persons making or supplying Gas;

Srovided that before proceeding so to dig and examine the Un-ertakers shall give Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to the Person so making or supplying Gas of the Time at which such digging and Examination is intended to take place, and they shall give the like Notice to the Persons having the Control or Management of the Pavements or Place where such digging shall take place, and they shall be subject to the like Obligation of reinstating the Road and Pavement, and to the same Penalties for Delay, or any Nonfeasance or Misfeasance, therein as herein-before provided with respect to Roads and Pavements broken up by them for laying their Pipes.

LXVI. If upon such Examination it appear that such Water has been fouled by any Gas belonging to such Person, the Expences of the digging, Examination, and the Repair of Street or Place disturbed in any such Examination shall be paid by the Person making or supplying Gas; but if upon such Examination it appear that the Water has not been fouled by the Gas of such Person, then the Undertakers shall pay all the Expences of the Examination and Repair, and also make good

to

1847* Waterworks Clauses. Cap. 17. $35

to the said Person any Injury which may be occasioned to his Footing a* WorksbvBuch Exwmnation. Water,

LXVII. The Amount of the Expences of every such Exa- How Expence mination and Repair, and any Injury done to the Undertakers, to beucer-shall, in case of any Dispute about the same, together with the iM*ned *

Costs of ascertaining and recovering the same, be ascertained and recovered in the same Manner as Damages for the ascertaining and Recovery whereof no special Provision is made are directed to be ascertained and recovered.

And with respect to the Payment and Recovery of the Water Rates. Water Rates, be it enacted as follows:

LXVIIL The Water Rates, except as herein-after and in Rate* to be the special Act mentioned, shall be paid by and be recoverable f*y from the Person requiring, receiving, or using the Supply of HJ Value of Water, and shall be payable according to the annual value of the Premises, the Tenement supplied with Water, and if any Dispute arise as to such Value the same shall be determined by Two Justices.

LXIX. When several Houses or Parts of Houses in the Where teveral separate Occupation of several Persons are supplied by one common Pipe, the several Owners or Occupiers of such Houses ^ch "o or Parts of Houses shall be liable to the Payment of the same pay.

Rates for the Supply of Water as they would have been liable to if each of such several Houses or Parts of Houses had been supplied with Water from the Works of the Undertakers by a separate Pipe.

LXXI The Rates shall be paid in advance by equal quar- Rates to be terly Payments, in England or Ireland, at Christmas Day, Lady pa, d quarterly* Day, Midsummer Day, and Michaelmas Day, and in Scotland at Martinmas, Candlemas, Whitsuntide, and I*ammas, and the first Payment shall be made at the Time when the Pipe by which the Water is supplied is made to communicate with the Pipes of the Undertakers, or at the Time when the Agreement to take Water from the Undertakers is made.

LXXI. The Occupier of any Dwelling House or Part of a Parties giving Dwelling House liable to the Payment of any Water Rate who shall give Notice of his Intention to discontinue the Use of the ^fVater, or Water supplied by the Undertakers, or who shall remove from removing, to his Dwelling between any Two quarterly Days of Payment, P*?10 th« Dext shall pay the Water Rate in respect of such Dwelling House Quarter ay* or Part of a Dwelling House for the Quarter ending on the quarterly Day of Payment next after his quitting the same or giving such Notice.

LXXII. The Owners of all Dwelling Houses or Parts of Owner* of Dwelling Houses occupied as separate Tenements, the annual H?^nno{0^ Value of which Houses or Tenements shall not exceed the Sum ^ent t" be of Ten Pounds, shall be liable to the Payment of the Rates liable to Water instead of the Occupiers thereof; and the Powers and Provisions herein or in the special Act contained for the Recovery of Rates from Occupiers shall be construed to apply to the Owners of such Houses and Tenements; and the Person receiving the Rents of any such House or Tenement as aforesaid

from

236

Water Rates.

Tenants under existing Leases to repay the Owner.

Rates how to be recovered.

Profit* of the Undertaker*,

Profits of the Company to be limited.

If Profits exceed the Amount limited, Excess to be invested and form a reserved Fund.

Cap. 17. Waterworks Clauses. 10 Vict.

from the Occupier thereof, on his own Account, or as Agent or Receiver for any Person interested therein, shall be deemed the Owner of such House or Tenement.

LXXIII. Provided always, That when any Owner shall pay any such Rate in respect of any such Dwelling House or Part of a Dwelling House which shall be in the Occupation of any Tenant under any Lease or Agreement made prior to the passing of the special Act, such Tenant shall repay to the Owner all Sums which shall be so by him paid during the Continuance of such Lease, unless it have been agreed that the Owner shall pay the Water Rates in respect of such Dwelling House or Part of a Dwelling House; and every such Sum of Money payable by the Tenant to the Owner, under the Provision herein-before contained, may be recovered, if the same be not paid upon Demand, as Arrears of Rent could be recovered from the Occupier by the said Owner.

LXXIV. If any Person supplied with Water by the Undertakers, or liable as herein or in the special Act provided to pay the Water Rate, neglect to pay such Water Rate at any of the said Times of Payment thereof, the Undertakers may stop the Water from flowing into the Premises in respect of which such Rate is payable, by cutting off* the Pipe to such Premises, or by such Means as the Undertakers shall think fit, and may recover the Rate due from such Person, if less than Twenty Pounds, with the Expences of cutting off the Water, and Costs of recovering the Rate, in the same Manner as any Damages for the Recovery of which no special Provision is made are recoverable by this or the special Act; or if the Rate so due amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards, the Undertakers may recover the same, with the Expences of cutting off the Water, by Action in any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

And with respect to the Amount of Profit to be received by the Undertakers when the Waterworks are carried on for their Benefit, be it enacted as follows:

LXXV. The Profits of the Undertaking to be divided among the Undertakers in any Year shall not exceed the prescribed Rate, or where no Rate is prescribed they shall not exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds in the Hundred by the Year on the paid-up Capital in the Undertaking, which in such Case shall be deemed the prescribed Rate, unless a larger Dividend be it any Time necessary to make up the Deficiency of any previous Dividend which shall have fallen short of the said yearly Rate.

LXXVI. If the clear Profits of the Undertaking in any Year amount to a larger Sum than is sufficient, after making up the Deficiency in the Dividends of any previous Year as aforesaid, to make a Dividend at the prescribed Rate, the Excess beyond the Sum necessary for such Purpose shall from Time to Time be invested in Government or other Securities, and the Dividends and Interest arising from such Securities shall also be invested in the same or like Securities, in order that the same may accumulate at Compound Interest until the Fund so

formed

1847.

Waterworks Clauses.

Cap. 17.

ormed amounts to the prescribed Sum, or if no Sum be pre-cribed to a Sum equal to One Tenth Part of the nominal Capital of the Undertakers, which Sum shall form a reserved 'und to answer any Deficiency which may at any Time happen a the Amount of divisible Profits, or to meet any extraordinary >laim or Demand which may at any Time arise against the Jndertakers; and if such Fund be it any Time reduced it may hereafter be again restored to the said Sum, and so from Time o Time as often as such Reduction shall happen.

LXXVII. Provided always, That no Sum of Money shall >e taken from the said Fund for the Purpose of meeting any xtraordinary Claim, unless it be first certified, in England or rreland, by Two Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, that he Sum so proposed to be taken is required for the Purpose >f meeting an extraordinary Claim within the Meaning of this >r the special Act.

LXXVIII. When such Fund shall, by Accumulation or itherwise, amount to the prescribed Sum, or One Tenth Part >f the nominal Capital, as the Case may be, the Interest and dividends thereon shall no longer be invested, but shall be pplied to any of the general Purposes of the Undertaking to yhich the Profits thereof are applicable.

LXXIX. If in any Year the Profits of the Undertaking livisible amongst the Undertakers shall not amount to the pre-cribed Rate, such a Sum may be taken from the reserved Fund is, with the actual divisible Profits of such Year, will enable the Undertakers to make a Dividend of the Amount aforesaid, and o from Time to Time as often as the Occasion shall require.

LXXX. In England or Ireland the Court of Quarter Ses-ions, and in Scotland the Sheriff of such County, may, on the 3etition of any Two Water-rate Payers within the Limits of he special Act, appoint some Accountant or other competent Person, not being a Proprietor of any Waterworks, to examine nd ascertain, at the Expence of the Undertakers, the actual *State and Condition of the Concerns of the Undertakers, and nake report thereof to the said Court at the then present or ome following Sessions, or to the Sheriff, (the Amount of such Sxpence to be determined by the said Court or Sheriff,) and he said Court or Sheriff may examine any Witnesses upon )ath touching the Truth of the said Accounts, and the Matters herein referred to; and if it thereupon appear to the said Court >r Sheriff that the Profits of the Undertakers for the preceding if ear have exceeded the prescribed Rate, the Undertakers shall, n case the whole of the said reserved Fund has been and then emains invested as aforesaid, and in case Dividends to the Vmount herein-before limited have been paid, make such a ateable Reduction in the Rates for Water to be furnished by hem as in the Judgment of the said Court or Sheriff shall be >roper, but so as such Rates, when reduced, shall insure to the Jndertakers, regard being had to the Amount of Profit before eceived, a Profit as near as may be to the prescribed Rate,

237

Profitt of the Undertakers.

Reserved Fund not to be resorted to unless to meet an extraordinary Claim.

When Fund amounts to prescribed Sum Interest to be applied to Undertaking.

If Profits are less than the prescribed Rate, a Sum may be taken from reserved Fund to supply Deficiency.

If Profits are more than the Amount prescribed, a rateable Reduction to be made in the Price of Water.

238

Waterworks Clauses.

10 VICT

Court may order Petitioner to pay the Costs of groundless Petitions.

Penalty on Undertakers refusing to produce Books, Vouchers, &c.

Annual Account to be made up by Undertakers, and sent to the Clerk of the Pence in England or Ireland, or to the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, and to be open to Inspection.

Tender of Amends.

Cap. 17.

LXXXI. Provided always, That if, in the Case of any Petition so presented, it appear to the said Court or Sheriff that there was no sufficient Ground for presenting the same, the said Court or Sheriff may, if they or he think fit, order the Petitioner to pay the whole or any Part of the Costs of or incident to such Petition (the Amount thereof to be determined by the said Court or Sheriff), and the Costs so ordered to be paid shall be recoverable in the same Way as Damages are recoverable under this or the special Act.

LXXXII. If the Undertakers shall, for Seven Days after being required to produce to the Baid Court or Sheriff, or to the said Accountant or other Person as aforesaid, any Books of Account, or other Books, Bills, Receipts, Vouchers, or Papers relating to their pecuniary Affairs, refuse or neglect to produce such Books, Bills, Receipts, Vouchers, or Papers, they shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Refusal or wilful Neglect, and the further Sum of Ten Pounds for every Day during which such Refusal or wilful Neglect shall continue after the Expiration of the said Seven Days; such respective Penalties to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the Superior Courts.

LXXXIII. And with respect to the yearly Receipt and Expenditure of the Undertakers, be it enacted, That the Undertakers shall, in each Year after they have begun to supply Water under this or the special Act, cause an Account in abstract to be prepared of the whole Receipt and Expenditure of all Rates or other Monies levied under the Powers of this or the special Act for the Year preceding, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with a Statement of the Balance of such Account, duly audited and certified by the Chairman of the Undertakers, and also by the Auditors thereof, if any; and a Copy of such annual Account shall be sent, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Peace for the Comity in which the Waterworks are situated, if the Waterworks are situated in England or Ireland, and if the Waterworks are situated in Scotland, to the Sheriff Clerk of such County, on or before the Thirty-first Day of January in each Year, under a Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Default; and the Copy of such Account so sent to the said Clerk shall be kept by him, and shall be open to Inspection by all Persons, at all seasonable Hours, on Payment of One Shilling for each Inspection.

LXXXIV. And with respect to Tender of Amends, be it enacted, That if any Person shall have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if before Action brought in respect thereof such Person make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Person injured, such last-mentioned Person shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made the Defendant may, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, at any Time

before

1847.

Waterworks Clauses.

239

Cap. 17.

before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially Recovery of provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices or to the Sheriff, be it enacted

as follows:

LXXXV. If the Waterworks be in England or Ireland, Railways the Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, ^-daUon Acts, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially pro- 1845, as to vided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any Damages, &c.f other Matter referred to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act, and if the Waterworks be in Scotland, [his and The the Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act (Scot- special Act. land), 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not spe-j cially provided for, and to the Determination of any other Matter, referred to the Sheriff or to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act, and such Clauses shall apply to the Waterworks and to the Undertakers respectively, and shall be construed as if the Word " Undertakers " had been inserted therein instead of the Word " Company."

LXXXVI. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case ' of any Penalty, imposed by Justices, where the Application is ties to be paid not otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more to Guardians than One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award of Unions* the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Offence shall have been committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Umon.

LXXXVII. All Things herein or in the special Act, or any dine

Act incorporated therewith, authorized or required to be done by SSgtaSaSDd Two Justices, may and shall be done, in England and Ireland, by any One Magistrate having by Law Authority to act alone done by one, and for any Purpose with the Powers of Two or more Justices, and sLaur, by th* ia Scotland by the Sheriff or Steward of any County, Stewartry, or Ward, or his Substitute.

LXXXVIII. Every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Penalties, &c. or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by unp^d0[l any Bye Law in pursuance thereof, in respect of any Offence offences com-> which shall take place within the Metropolitan Police District, mitted within i shall be recovered, enforced, accounted for, and, except where PoUc^Dis-the Application thereof is otherwise specially provided for, shall trictf to bc paid be paid to the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, and to the Receiver, shall be applied in the same Manner as Penalties or Forfeitures, 2 Vict*" i other than Fines upon drunken Persons, or upon Constables c 71.

for Misconduct, or for Assaults upon Police Constables, are t directed to be recovered, enforced, accounted for, paid, and applied by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis; and every Order or Conviction of any of the Police Magistrates in respect of any such Forfeiture or

Q 2^ Penalty

Recovery of Damages and Penalties.

Persons giving false Evidence liable to Penalties of Perjury.

Access to special Act.

Copies of special Act to be kept by Undertakers in their Office, and deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, &c., and be open to Inspection.

7 W. 4. Sc I Vict. c. 83.

Penalty on Undertakers failing to keep or deposit such Copies.

Undertakers not exempt from Provisions of 57 G. 3. c. xxix. or from the Laws regulating Sewers.

Cap. 17. Waterworks Clauses. lOYia.

Penalty shall be subject to the like Appeal, and upon the m

Terms, as is provided in respect of any Order or Conncdoad any of the said Police Magistrates by the said last-mendoae: Act; and every Magistrate by whom any (h*der or Connaia shall have been made shall have the same Power of binds: over the Witnesses who shall have been examined, and $£ Witnesses shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Expeoc& as they would have had or been entitled to in case the Ork Conviction, and Appeal had been made in pursuance of &! Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

LXXXIX. Every Person who upon any Examination,.* Oath under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or ir Act incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly p false Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful a corrupt Perjury.

And with respect to Access to the special Act, be it enaci as follows:

XC. Tim Undertakers shall at all Times after the Eipir! tion of Six Months after the passing of the special Act ks in their principal Office of Business a Copy of thespeeialA printed by the Printers to Her Majesty, or some of them, *: shall also within the Space of such Six Mouths deposit ii: Office of the Clerk of the Peace in JUnglaml or Ireland, as: the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, of the County in which' Undertaking is situated, a Copy of such special Act, soprir as aforesaid: and the said Clerk of tin' Peace and SherifflV 1 shall receive, and they and the Undertakers respectively^ keep, the said Copies of the special Act, and shall allots Persons interested therein to inspect tin* same, and makeh tracts or Copies therefrom, in the like Manner, and upo&t like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as bp*-vided in the Case of certain Plans and Sections by an A' passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intuit \ An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and <*vj Persons to to he the Custody of such Documents as shall be dirtf \ to hr deposited with them tinder the Standing Orders ift&\ House of Parliament.

XCI. If the Undertakers fail to keep or deposit any of? said Copies of the special Act, as herein-before mentioned, tic shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, andi Five Pounds for every Day afterwards during which such (V shall be not so kept or deposited.

XCII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act oontit shall be deemed to exempt the Undertakers from the Prorn^* of an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of & late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act forte' paving, improving, and regulating the Streets of the Metrofi* and removing and preventing Nuisances and (Obstructions the* or from the Laws of Sewers for the Time being in force wit Ten Allies from the Royal Exchange in the City of London.

xciii. a

241

Witerworks Clauses. — Indemnity. Cap. 17, 18.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein or in the Undertakersnot special Act contained shall be deemed to exempt the Under- the^rlvisions takers from any general Act relating to Waterworks, or any of any future Act for improving the sanitary Condition of Towns and popu- general Act. lous Districts, which may be passed in the same Session of Parliament in which the special Act is passed, or any future Session of Parliament.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may *> repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. anMillded»&c#

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed in and by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, of glorious Memory, intituled An Act for the further l G. I. st. 2. Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the c-ls* Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves according to an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the well-govern- is C. 2. st.2 ing and regulating of Corporations; or to have qualified them- c*1# selves according to another Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen 25 C. 2. c. 2. from Popish Recusants; or according to another Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual 30 c*2*sU 2* preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament; or according to another Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for sG.i. c. 6. granting the People called Quakers such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for indemnifying Persons who have 9 Gt 2* Cl 26* omitted to qualify themselves for Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and

242

Cap. 18.

Indemnity.

10 Vict.

18 G. 2. c. 20.

6 G. 3. c. S3.

9 G. 4. c. 17.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified and allowed further Time.

for amending so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as requires Persons to qualify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation; and for allowing a further Time for Enrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; or according to another Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace ; or according to another Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the 2mprovement of the Union of the Two Kingdoms, as after the Time therein limited requires the Delivery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; or according to another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repealing so much of several Acts as imposes the Necessity of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as a Qualification for certain Offices and Employments; or according to another Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects, so far only as the said Act relates to any Civil or Military Offices or Places of Trust, or Places of Profit or Corporate Offices;

have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Assurance and make and subscribe the Declaration required by the said recited Acts or either of them, or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities:' For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification

ought

1847. Indemnity. Cap. 18. 243

ought to have been had and is [required, before the passing of this Act, hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths or made the Declarations required by Law, or who on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, or taking or subscribing the said Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and that all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by, any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and that the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person or Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths and Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Ma- indemnity to jesty's Government, and to the United Church of England ^t^ht°0have and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, make and sub- ' or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented scribe the Oath from taking and subscribing the Declaration according to the requ^y the c Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in Irish Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, 2 Anne.

intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery be it therefore enacted, That all Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said .recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by

Q 4 reason

244

Not to indent* nify Persons against whom final Judgment has been given.

Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped after the Time allowed.

Cap. 18. Indemnity. 10 Vict.

reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and that no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but that all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oath, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively, as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other Public Officers, and the Ad-6 mission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, 6 and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland, or the f Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns ' which by several Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided or the same not ' stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid; be it enacted, That for the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid, may not have been provided or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties, to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to

duly

1847. Indemnity. Cap. 18. 245

July stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties 5rst payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the 3aid Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Person so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices or any other Office or Offices, into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures,

Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act, or Not to restore any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to o^oided extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office by Judgment. or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already

actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

VII. And be it enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill General Issue, of Indictment, or Information shall from and after the passing

of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture,

Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

Treasury may raise 18, 310, 700?. by Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as is prescribed by 48 G.3. c.l.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15.

5 & 6 Vict o. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

The Treasury to apply the Money raised.

Cap. 19. Exchequer Bills. 10 Vict.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

[23d April 1847.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-ofter mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds, in like Manner as is prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

247

Exchequer Bills.

Cap. 19, 20.

Bills, bow to be charged and paid.

Interest on Bills.

Bills charged on Supplies to be current in Payment of Public Revenue after Twelve Calendar Months from their Dates.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be charged upon and shall be paid out of any Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall bear Date on the Days on which the same shall be respectively issued, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Bate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer.

VI. And be it enacted, That all the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall, after Twelve Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be taken and shall pass and be current to all the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever already granted or payable, or which shall hereafter be granted or payable, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

VII. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds; any thing in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer,

Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act to authorize the Application of certain Sums received on account of the Fees payable to the Office of Director in Chancery in Scotland towards the Payment of Debts incurred in completing the General Register House at Edinburgh.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to abolish certain Offices and regulate others, 57 G. 3. c. 64.

Bank of England may advance 18, 310, 7001 on the Credit of Bills notwithstanding 5 St 6 W. &M. c. 20.

in

SG.4. c. 62.

7 & 8 G. 4. C. 4 6.

Cap. 20. General Register House (Edinburgh). 10 Yici

tn Scotland, whereby the Fees of certain Offices regulated by the said Act were directed to be paid to the Receiver General

of Scotland, and to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for regulating the Fees chargeable in His Majesty's General Registry House at Edinburgh, and for ctm. 4 pleting the Buildings necessary for keeping the Public Records of Scotland therein, whereby it was provided, that the B *

lance of all Fees, that had arisen and should thereafter arise, and which were directed by the said first-recited Act to be paid to the Receiver General of Scotland, should be paid to

the Persons in the said second-recited Act named, to the Amount of Thirty thousand Pounds, to be applied by thee

in completing and fitting-up the Buildings of the Genoa!

Register House or Repository of the Public Records of Scdland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty Kin? 4 George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better enabling tkt Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Third Year d 4 His present Majesty to complete the Buildings of His Majesty) 4 General Register House at Edinburgh, whereby it was enacted that the Balance of all such Fees as had already arisen or

should thereafter arise, and which were directed by the said first-recited Act to be paid to the Receiver General of Scatland, should be paid to the Persons therein named, to the Amount in all of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be applied by them, or any Three or more of them, in enlarging, altering. 4 and improving, and completing and fitting-up, the Building intended for a general Repository of the Public Records of Scotland: And whereas, for the greater Convenience of the Courts of Justice and of the Public, and to accomplish with as little Delay as possible the Purposes of the said Acts, by enlarging, altering, and improving, and completing and fittingup, the said Buildings, it became necessary for the said Coo- missioners to borrow, and they did accordingly borrow certain considerable Sums of Money, which were all duly applied fa the Purposes of the said Acts: And whereas by Reports male by the Persons named as Commissioners by the said Two last-recited Acts, in pursuance thereof, to the Two Houses of Parliament, it appears that the annual Amount of the Balances thereby directed to be paid and applied as aforesaid fell much short of their expected Amount, and the Result of various Measures adopted by Parliament for the Amelioration of the Law of Scotland also tended considerably to diminish the Fee applicable to the Purposes of the said Two last-recited Acts, whereby there remains unpaid of the said Sums so borrowed,

and applied to the Purposes aforesaid, as ascertained by Report of the Queen's and Lord High Treasurer's Remembrancer in Scotland, a Balance of Seventeen thousand two hundred and seventy-three Pounds or thereby, and there are no Means for the Extinction thereof available or likely to arise out of the

249

1647. General Register House (Edinburgh). Cap. 20, 21.

Fees appropriated for the Completion of the said General Register House as aforesaid, as the Amount of the said Fees has been recently still further diminished by the anmial Payment

thereout of the Salary of the Lord Clerk Register, which, after the Death of the late Lord Clerk Register, was by the said *' first-recited Act appointed to be paid out of such Fees, and it ' is necessary to make further Provision for Payment of the said Balance: And whereas, upon the Decision of certain

legal Proceedings which took place in relation to the Fees of the Office of Director in Chancery connected with the said

Register House, a Sum of Twenty thousand seven hundred i and eleven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny has ' been paid into Bank to the Credit of the said Office of Di-i rector in Chancery; and it is just and expedient that so much of the said Sum as shall be necessary to extinguish the said ' Debt should be applied to that end Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to the Lord High Treasury to Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, authorise Re-or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the said ^Uaud^to*^ United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, and they are apply certain hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands, to authorize MoniesinPay-Her Majesty's and the Lord High Treasurer's Remembrancer j^"tred in the in Scotland to apply so much of the said Sum of Twenty Completion of thousand seven hundred and eleven Pounds Fourteen Shillings the Register and One Penny, now standing at the Credit of the Office of Director in Chancery as aforesaid, in Payment and Extinction accruing

of the said Debt of .Seventeen thousand two hundred and thereon, seventy-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven-pence, incurred in the Completion of the said Register House, together with any Interest which may accrue thereon before the same be paid, and to direct that the same be duly discharged accordingly.

II. And be it enacted, That the said recited Acts of the Recited Act *, Third and of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of 80 far " dj*9 His Majesty King George the Fourth, in so far as the same ttfgi^er authorize and direct the enlarging, altering, and improving, and House, &c., completing and fitting-up, the said General Register House, repealed, and the Application thereto of the Balances of any Fees receivable at the said General Register House, shall be and are hereby repealed.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session amended, &c. of Parliament.

CAP. XXI.

An Act to regulate the Stations of Soldiers during Parliamentary Elections.

[23d April 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the ' Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for 8 G. 2. c. so. ' regulating the quartering of Soldiers during the Time of the

i Elections

Recited Act repealed.

Soldiers to remain in Barracks or Quarters during Elections for Members of Parliament, except in certain Cases.

Notice of Elections to be given by the Clerk of the Crown to Secretary at War, &c.

No* 'o apply to Guards attending Her Majesty, or to Soldiers in the Rank.

Act may be amended, See.

Cap. 21. Troops during Elections. 10 Vict.

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, Provision is made f for the Removal of all Soldiers quartered or billeted in any City, Borough, Town, or Place to the Distance of Two or more ' Miles, when and as often as any Election of any Peer or Peers ' to represent the Peers of Scotland in Parliament, or of any ' Member or Members to serve in Parliament, shall be appointed to be made therein: And whereas in consequence of ' Changes in the Law for, taking the Poll at the Election of ' Members to serve in Parliament the Expence and Inconvenience of such Removal of Soldiers is greatly increased be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That on every Day appointed for the Nomination or for the Election or for taking the Poll for the Election of a Member or Members to serve in the Commons House of Parliament no Soldier within Two Miles of any City, Borough, Town, or Place where such Nomination or Election shall be declared or Poll taken shall be allowed to go out of the Barrack or Quarters in which he is stationed, unless for the Purpose of mounting or relieving Guard, or for giving his Vote at such Election; and that every Soldier allowed to go out for any such Purpose within the Limits aforesaid shall return to his Barrack or Quarters with all convenient Speed as soon as his Guard shall have been relieved or Vote tendered.

III. And be it enacted, That when and so often as any Election of any Member or Members to serve in the Commons House of Parliament shall be appointed to be made, the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery or other Officer making out any new Writ for such Election shall, with all convenient Speed after making out the said Writ, give Notice thereof to the Secretary at War, or in case there shall be no Secretary at War to the Person officiating in his Stead, who shall, at some convenient Time before the Day appointed for such Election, give Notice thereof in Writing to the General Officer commanding in each District of Great Britain, who shall thereupon give the necessary Orders for enforcing the Execution of this Act in all Places under his Command.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to apply to any Soldiers attending as the Guards of Her Majesty or any Person of the Royal Family, or to the Soldiers usually stationed or employed within the Bank of England.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Fever (Ireland) *

Cap. 22.

251

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend, and continue until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for making Provision for the Treatment of poor Persons afflicted with Fever in Ireland.

[27th April 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of

* " Parliament, intituled An Act to make Provision until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven for the Treatment of poor Persons afflicted with Fever in Ireland, and it is expedient to amend and continue

the said Act for a further Period: And whereas an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the temporary Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland, and certain Persons, therein mentioned, and therein called Relief Commissioners, are thereby constituted Commissioners for the Execution of the said last-mentioned Act, and it is thereby enacted that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to give Orders for the Constitution of a Relief Committee in any One or more Electoral Divisions of a Union formed for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland in which it shall appear to him that the said last-mentioned Act should be put in force: And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the last Session of Parliament can be more effectually carried out by Relief Committees appointed under the said recited Act passed in this Session of Parliament in those Districts in which such Relief Committees shall have been appointed than by the Board of Guardians of any Union for the Relief of the destitute Poor:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act of the last Session shall, subject to the Amendments herein-after contained, be continued until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Health in Ireland appointed or to be appointed under the said recited Act passed in the last Session, from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, to transmit a Certificate in Writing, under the Hands of any Two or more of them, to the said Relief Commissioners, certifying the Necessity of Medical Relief being afforded to the destitute Poor affected with Fever or other epidemic Disease in any Electoral Division or District for which a Relief Committee shall have been constituted under the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in this Session of Parliament.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Relief Commissioners shall from Time to Time, upon Receipt of any such Certificate,

issue

9 & 10 Vict. c. 6.

10 Vict. c. 7.

Recited Act 9 & 10 Vict. c. 6. continued to 1st Nov. 1847.

The Board of Health in Ireland may issue to the Relief Commissioners a Certificate of the Necessity of Medical Relief in certain Districts.

Relief Com-xnianoners may direct Relief

Committees to provide Fever Hospitals and dispensaries with Medicines, and all other Necessaries for the Care and Treatment of Persons therein;

and also Medicines and Nutriment, if necessary, for Out-Patients.

Three Members of Relief Committee competent to act.

Hospitals and Dispensaries to be managed by Relief Committees.

Lord Lieutenant may assign particular Districts to Medical Officers.

Patients removed to Hospital, and Medical

Cap. 22. Fever (Ireland). 10 Vict.

issue their Order in Writing to the Relief Committee of any Electoral Division or District requiring such Relief Committee to rent, hire, or procure a fitting House, Building, or Rooms, other than the Workhouse of such Union, to be used as a Hospital for the Purpose of receiving so many poor Persons affected with Fever or any other epidemic Disease as the said Commissioners of Health may from Time to Time think necessary, and to provide such Nourishment, Bedding, Clothing, Medicines, and Medical Appliances and other Necessaries as may be requisite for the due Care and Treatment of the poor Persons admitted into every such Hospital, and also such a Number of competent Nurses and Attendants as the said Commissioners of Health may think necessary for each such Hospital, and also to rent, hire, or procure a House, Building, or Room, to be used as a Dispensary or Office for the Medical Officer or Officers of such Union appointed under the said first-recited Act or under this Act, and to provide such other Medicines and Medical Appliances, including Nutriment, if necessary for their Cure, in Cases where the poor Persons diseased are destitute, as such Medical Officer or Officers may require to be supplied to poor Persons affected as aforesaid who may not be received in any such House, Building, or Room, and generally to do or cause to be done all such Acts, Matters, and Things as shall from Time to Time be necessary for the Purpose of carrying out the Provisions of the said first-recited Act in that Behalf; and upon Receipt of any such Order, such Relief Committee shall proceed to carry such Order into full Effect.

IV. And be it enacted, That all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in any Relief Committee under this Act may be executed by any Three or more Members of such Relief Committee.

V. And be it enacted, That, subject to the Superintendence of the said Commissioners of Health, any Hospital or Dispensary procured as aforesaid by the Relief Committee of any such Electoral Division or District, or by any Board of Guardians under the said first-recited Act shall be managed by such Relief Committee, and poor Persons affected with Fever or other epidemic Disease shall be admitted into such Hospital under the Authority of such Committee, or by their Officers duly authorized, and not otherwise; and the Medical Officer or Officers appointed under the Provisions of the said recited Act of last Session, or under this Act, shall be the Medical Officer of the Relief Committee for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, if he shall so think fit, to assign to any Medical Officer or Officers who shall have been or who may hereafter be appointed under the first herein-before recited Act or this Act a special or particular District within which the Duties of the said Medical Officers shall be discharged.

VII. And be it enacted, That on Application made on behalf of any Person affected with Fever or other epidemic Disease an Order

1847* Fever (Ireland). Cap. 22.

Order shall be given by such Relief Committee, or by their Officer duly authorized, for the immediate Admission of such Person into such Hospital, and no Medical Attendance, Medical Appliances, or Nutriment shall, save as herein-after mentioned, be given under this Act to such Person at his or her own House or Residence.

VIII. And whereas it may in some Cases be inexpedient

or dangerous to remove such Person so affected with Fever

or other epidemic Disease from his or her own House or ' Residence to such Hospital, ' be it enacted, That upon Production of a Certificate of any Medical Practitioner that the Removal of such Person to any such Hospital would endanger his or her Life, it shall be lawful for such Relief Committee and they are hereby required to order Medical Attendance and Appliances and Nutriment (when necessary) to be afforded to such Person at his or her own House or Residence so long as the same shall be necessary; and such Order, and the Cause of giving the same, shall be put in Writing and signed by the Chairman for the Time being of such Relief Committee, and shall be entered as a special Case on the Books or Proceedings of the Relief Committee.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for such Relief Committee to give all such Directions as shall seem to them necessary and expedient for performing all Things necessary for preventing the communicating of Fever or other epidemic Disease within their respective Electoral Divisions or Districts, and for that Purpose to direct that all Streets, Lanes, and Courts, and all Houses and all Rooms therein, and all Yards, Gardens, or Places belonging to such Houses, shall be cleansed and purified, and that all Nuisances prejudicial to Health shall be removed therefrom, and that all Houses in which any sick Person shall be or shall have been shall be ventilated, fumigated, and whitewashed, the Windows and Doors thereof opened, and all Beds, Bedsteads, Bedding, and Furniture therein be exposed to the Air, and be washed and cleansed, and if absolutely necessary be burned or destroyed, and all other Measures which to such Relief Committee shall seem requisite for the Purposes aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which Hospitals or other Places for the Reception of poor Persons affected with Fever or other infectious or epidemic Diseases shall have been or may hereafter be established under this or the said hereinbefore first-recited Act in any Electoral Division or District, it shall and may be lawful for the Relief Committee, upon the Certificate of the Medical Officer so appointed under the said recited Act of the last Session, that any Person is infected with such Fever or other infectious or epidemic Disease, and that such Person so infected is not under proper Medical Care, and is not placed in such Circumstances and under such Precautions as may most probably tend to prevent the Communication of Disease, to direct, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, after due Inquiry into the Circumstances of the Case,

253

Attendance not given at their own Houses.

But on Medical Certificate that their Removal would be dangerous Medical Relief to be given at their own Houses.

Powers of Relief Committee.

Power to remove infected Persons to Hospitals.

Penalty on Persons resisting the Execution of this Act.

General Issue may be pleaded, and Costs awarded to the Defendant.

Expences under the Act to be paid out of Funds in the Hands of the Belief Commissioners under 10 Vict c. 7.

9 & 10 Vict c. 6.

10 Vict. c. 7.

Cap. 22. Fever (Ireland). 10 Vict.

that such Person shall be forthwith removed into each Hospital, or such other Place as shall have been established for the Reception of such Patients, and such infected Person shall be removed thereto accordingly: Provided always, that the said Relief Committee shall in all Cases of such compulsory Removal of any Person into such Fever Hospital, make a special Report thereof to the said Relief Commissioners within Two Days after such Removal shall take place.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall resist or oppose any Person employed by or under the Orders of the said Relief Committee in the Execution of the Powers of the said Relief Committee under this Act, every such Person, on being duly convicted thereof before any Two Magistrates within their Jurisdiction, shall incur such Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds, as such Magistrates shall in their Discretion think proper; and in default of Payment such Offender may be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and no such Conviction shall be quashed for Informality, nor shall be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise, nor be subject to any Appeal whatever.

XII. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any such Relief Committee, or any Member of the same, or any Person employed by such Relief Committee, in execution of this Act, for any thing done in the Execution of any of the Powers or Duties by this Act given or required, the Defendant may in every such Suit plead the general Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, any thing in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in every Case where the Plaintiff in such Suit shall fail, the Court in which such Suit shall be carried on shall award Costs to the Defendant

XIII. And be it enacted, That the necessary Expences incurred by any Relief Committee in carrying any Order of the said Relief Commissioners into effect, and in the Execution of the other Purposes of this Act, and also in payment of the Salaries of the Medical Officers appointed or to be appointed by the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, under the Provisions of the said first- recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be defrayed, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Treasury may direct, out of the Funds which shall from Time to Time be placed at the Disposal of the said Relief Commissioners, under the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in this Session of Parliament, provided such Expences and Salaries shall be in conformity with any Regulations which may from Time to Time be issued by the said Commissioners of the Treasury with respect to the Rent or other Expenditure to be allowed for procuring or fitting Houses or Buildings, other than the Workhouses of Unions to be used as Hospitals, as may be required by the Commissioners of Health, or with regard to the Amount of the Salaries of Medical Officers who may have been appointed by the Lord Lieutenant, and of the Salaries of the Nurses and Attendants required by the Commissioners of

Health,

25 5

Fever (Ireland). Cap. 22.

Health, and the Quantities and Prices to be allowed for Nourishment, Bedding, Medicines, Medical Appliances, and other Necessaries considered requisite for the due Care and Treatment of the Sick.

XIV. And whereas by the said recited Act passed in this Session of Parliament it is enacted, that no Relief Committee ' constituted under the said Act shall be continued after the

First Day of November in this Year, unless for the Purpose of ' settling or closing their Accounts: And whereas it may be expedient, notwithstanding the said Provision, to continue such Relief Committees solely for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the last Session and of this Act for a further Period be it therefore enacted, That in any Case in which, previously to the First Day of November in this Year, any Relief Committee as aforesaid shall have received any Order of the said Relief Commissioners for executing the Provisions of the said recited Act of last Session in any Electoral Division or District, such Relief Committee, and also the Finance Committee for the Union, shall continue for the Purposes of the said recited Act of last Session and of this Act, during the Continuance of this Act, or until the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall, by any Order to be published in the Dublin Gazette ," dissolve such Relief Committee or Finance Committee.

XV. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which any Certificate as herein-before mentioned shall, after the First Day of November in this Year, be signed and transmitted by the said Commissioners of Health to the said Relief Commissioners, if any Relief Committee theretofore constituted for any Electoral Division or District mentioned in such Certificate shall have expired or been discontinued, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, for the said last-mentioned Purposes only, to revive such Relief Committee and also the Finance Committee for the Union, or to constitute a new Relief Committee for such Electoral Division or District, or a Part thereof, and a new Finance Committee for the Union in manner in the said recited Act of this Session directed, or in case there shall not have been any such Relief Committee theretofore constituted for such Electoral Division or District, or no such Finance Committee, then a Relief Committee shall and may in like Manner be constituted for such Electoral Division or District, and a Finance Committee for the Union, for such Purposes only as last aforesaid, and the Relief Commissioners shall issue such Order to the Relief Committee as herein-before provided; and in any of such Cases in this or the immediately preceding Clause mentioned every such Relief Committee shall make Estimates of the several Matters needed for the Purposes of the said recited Act of last Session and of this Act, and of the Expences of the same, which Estimates shall be examined, revised, and amended by the Finance Committee, and shall be substituted in lieu of the Lists and Estimates in the said recited Act of this Session directed; and such Relief

R 2 Committee

After the Expiration of 10 Vict. c. 7. Relief Committees continued when necessary.

In the Case of Certificates issued by the Board of Health after the 1st of Not. in this Year.

10 Vict.

Belief Committeet may provide *for the Burial of destitute Persons dying of Fever, Ac.

Act to be in force until Jdt Nov. 1847 and to End of next Session.

Act may be amended, Ac.

Cap. 22, 23. Fever (Ireland). — Customs Duties.

Committee shall carry into effect the Purposes of the said recited Act of the last Session and of this Act as herein-before mentioned; and the Costs and Expences of carrying the same into execution, after the Disbursement of the Funds in the Hands of the Finance Committee and Relief Committee on the First Day of October in this Year, shall be paid and provided by the Board of Guardians of the Union in like Manner as in the said recited Act of last Session provided for the Expences incurred for the Purposes of the said Act.

XVI. And whereas it is expedient to provide for the proper and decent Interment of the deceased destitute Persons who shall die of Fever or other epidemic Disease in any Electoral Division or District for which any Relief Committee shall have been constituted as aforesaid be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Relief Committee to provide for the proper and decent Interment of such destitute Persons as may die in such Electoral Division or District as aforesaid of Fever or other epidemic Disease, or while receiving Relief, and to defray the Charge of the same out of the Funds which may be at the Disposal of such Relief Committee for the Purposes and under the Provisions of the said recited Act of this Session or of this Act.

XVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 102.

After the passing of this Act the Duties named in Schedule shall be levied instead of those previously paid.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to alter certain Duties of Customs.

[11th May 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in a Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs, the several Duties of Customs are imposed upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into the United Kingdom as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the Table to that Act annexed: And whereas it is expedient to make certain Alterations and Amendments therein Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in lieu and instead of the Duties now payable by Law upon the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize mentioned in the Table to this Act annexed when imported into the United Kingdom, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon the said Goods,

Wares,

1847.

Customs Duties.

. 257

Cap. 23.

Wares, and Merchandize, when imported into the United Kingdom, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted, described, and set forth in Figures in the Table to this Act annexed.

II. And be it enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Her nagement of the Majesty's Customs, and shall be ascertained, raised, levied. Commissioners collected, paid, and recovered, and allowed and applied or appro- of Customs, priated, under the Provisions of any Act or Acts now in force

or hereafter to be made relating to the Customs.

III. And be it enacted, That no Spirits which shall have Spirits imported

been imported into the United Kingdom from Parts beyond removed from the Sea shall be removed or sent from England to either Ireland to Scot-Scotland or Ireland, Scotland into England or Ireland, or from J^OTEng-Ireland into England or Scotland, except such as shall have scoti^d been duly warehoused upon the first Importation thereof ac- England, or cording to the Laws in force for the warehousing of Goods, vice ve^» and which shall be in the Warehouse at the Time of such duly

ntended Removal, and which shall be removed from one ware- warehoused,

housing Port to another warehousing Port according to the &C*J Regulations required by Law; and that all such Spirits when so removed shall be liable to the Duty payable thereon in that Part of the United Kingdom into which they shall have been so removed if they be entered for Home Consumption therein.

IV. And be it enacted, That no such Spirits shall be removed not to be from Scotland to England, or from England to Scotland, except ^ptby^iS"* by Sea,

V. And be it enacted, That no such Spirits shall be removed nor except in as aforesaid unless in Ships of Sixty Tons Burden or upwards, Vessels of Sixty and unless in Casks or other Vessels capable of containing

Liquids, each of such Casks or other Vessels being of the Size Twenty Gallons or Content of Twenty Gallons at the least, or in Glass or Stone Content at the Bottles not exceeding the Size of Quart Bottles, being really least'&c *

Part of the Cargo of the Ship in which such Spirits are removed, and entered in the Cargo Book of the same.

the Provisions of this Act shall be forfeited, and may be seized

by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and that all Persons con- °

any Spirits so removed, shall forfeit the Penalty of One hun Pounds, or Treble the Value of the said Spirits, at the Election of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise.

VII. And be it enacted, That no Spirits whereupon the Spirits not to Duty imposed by this Act shall have been paid in Ireland shall ^0^[°nd otint° be brought or carried from Ireland into Scotland or England; England where and that no Spirits whereupon such Duty shall have been paid Duty paid in in Scotland shall be brought or carried from Scotland into .Ireland» England; and that all such Spirits so brought shall be for- p^idinScotlaud. feited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of Excise or Customs; and that all Persons concerned in such bringing or Penalty on Per-carrying such Spirits, or receiving such Spirits knowing them ?°ns concerned to hive been so brought or carried, shall forfeit One hundred m Removal-

VI. And be it enacted, That all Spirits removed contrary to Spirits removed

cerned in such removing, or knowingly receiving or harbou

R3

Pounds,

258 Cap. 23, 24. Customs Duties. 10 Vict,

Pounds, or Treble the Value of such Spirits, at the Election of the Commissioners of Customs or Excise.

Act may be

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended to am ended, &c. ^pealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

TABLE to which the foregoing Act refers.

Spirits, or Strong Waters, for every Gallon of such Spirits, or Strong Waters, of any Strength not exceeding the Strength of Proof by Sykes's Hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater or less Strength than the Strength of Proof, and for any greater or less Quantity than a Gallon; viz. — Spirits, or Strong Waters, the Produce of any British Possession in America, not being sweetened Spirits, or Spirits mixed with any

Article, so that the Degree of Strength

thereof cannot be exactly ascertained by such Hydrometer,

If imported into England, the Gallon

— Scotland —

— Ireland —

0 8 7

0 4 5

0 3 5

---- Bum, the Produce of any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, not being sweetened Spirits, or Spirits so mixed as aforesaid, in regard to which the Conditions of the Act 4 Vict. c. 8. have or shall have been fulfilled,

If imported into England, the Gallon - 0 8 7

— Scotland — - 0 4 5

— Ireland — - 0 3 5

---- Bum Shrub, however sweetened, the Produce of and imported from such Possessions, in

regard to which the Conditions of the Act 4 Vict c. 8. have or shall have been fulfilled, or the Produce of and imported from any British Possession in America,

If imported into England, the Gallon - 0 8 7

— Scotland — - 0 4 5

— Ireland — - 0 3 5

9 A10 Vict c. 116.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for the Purposes of a Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland in the County of Dorset.

[11th May 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled

An Act to apply the Sum of Eight millions three hundred and

fifty-

259

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

thousand one hundred and seventy-three Pounds Seven-

teen Shillings and Eleven-pence out of the Consolidated Fund

Mnd Monies in the Exchequer to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to appropriate the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds was directed to be issued and applied

for Harbours of Refuge: And whereas the Lands mentioned

in the Schedule hereunto annexed are required for the Purposes of a proposed Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater,

intended to be constructed on or near the North-east Side of the Isle of Portland: And whereas the Queen's most Excellent Majesty in right of Her Crown is or claims to be Lady

of the Manor of Portland, and certain Portions of the Lands

mentioned in the Schedule hereto annexed are Part of the ' common and commonable Lands of the said Manor, and the Tenants and also the Inhabitants of and within the said Manor ' claim to be entitled to certain Estates, Rights, and Interests ' in, upon, and over the said common and commonable Lands,

according to Usage or otherwise; and for the Purchase and ' Extinguishment of such Estates, Rights, and Interests, and for acquiring the other Lands mentioned in the said* Schedule ' for the Purposes aforesaid, it is expedient that such Provision ' should be made as is herein-after contained May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and of Woodf*&c-Buildings for the Time being, on behalf of Her Majesty, and j^oneygLited they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of any for Harbours Monies Which have been or may hereafter be granted by Parlia- ef Refuge^n ment for Harbours of Refuge, to purchase the Lands and Here- men-ditaments mentioned in the said Schedule hereunto annexed; tioned in Sche-and such Lands and Hereditaments, when purchased, shall be duletothis Act. conveyed and assured to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of the said Harbour and Breakwater.

II. And be it enacted, That the Maps or Plans already made Maps or Plans, describing the said Lands, after the same shall have been af^b!nsted authenticated in Duplicate by the Signatures of the Lords of Admi-the Admiralty for the Time being, shall be deposited in the ralty, to be Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests,

Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and in the Office of in^tion. the Lords of the Admiralty, and the Maps and Plans so authenticated and deposited shall remain in such Offices, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times inspect the same at their Will and Pleasure, on paying the Sum of One Shilling for each such Inspection.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Reve- o^Wwd^&T nues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, and they are to take Lands hereby authorized and empowered, to take and use or cause to and Houses

Y m . «f>Pr Nnfiro

R4

after Notice.

260 Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 VICT *

be taken and used any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and pull down and remove or cause to be pulled down and removed any Houses, Buildings, or Erections which they may* deem necessary and expedient to take, use, or pull down and remove for the Purposes of this Act, at any Time at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months after Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or their Agent duly authorized, of the Intention to take or use the same, shall either be given to the principal Officer of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to the Person or Persons who shall be the Owners and Occupiers of such Tenements or Hereditaments, or, in case he, she, or they cannot be found or ascertained, left at the usual or last Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of the same Tenements or Hereditaments, or shall be fixed upon the same Premises; and for the Purposes of this Act the Owner shall be any Person hereby capacitated to sell. to°bTuken &C IV- And enacted, That no Lands, Hereditaments, without Con- Houses, or Buildings shall be taken or made use of for the Pur-sent unless poses of this Act, except such as are mentioned in the Sche-Sdiedu"e^ dule ^creunto annexed, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners thereof being first had and obtained for that Purpose.

Houses and V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Lands may be Commissioners to purchase, take down, and use for the Purposes standing Errors of this Act any of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, and other in the Schedule. Hereditaments described in the said Maps or Plans to be deposited as aforesaid as intended to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, although the same Houses, Buildings, Lands, and other Hereditaments, or the Name or Names of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, may happen to be erroneously stated or omitted in the Schedule hereunto annexed, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Dorset, and be certified under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake or erroneous Information.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and for their Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times in the Daytime, upon giving for the first Time Twenty-four Hours, and afterwards from Time to Time Twelve Hours, previous Notice in Writing, to enter into and upon all or any of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments authorized to be taken and used as aforesaid, or any of them, for the Purpose of surveying or valuing the said Premises, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment on account of entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered to treat and

agree

Power to enter and survey Houses and Lands upon giving Notice.

Commissioners empowered to treat for the

261

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

agree for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, an dHeredi- Purchase of taments which they may deem necessary for the Purposes of Lands* this Act to be taken and used by them, and of any subsisting Leases, Terms, Shares, Estates, and Interests therein and Charges thereon, or such of them, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and for that Purpose to enter into any Contract or Contracts which they think fit.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Lay,

Aggregate or Sole, and for all Trustees and Feoffees in Trust sell and convey for charitable and other Purposes, and all acting Executors and bandage. Administrators, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, but also for and on behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Femes Coverts, Idiots, Lunatics, or Persons not born or not ascertained, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Tenants for Life or for Years, absolute or determinable, or any Life or Lives, and all Persons having any other partial or qualified Estate or Interest, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Issue, but also for and on behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in remainder, reversion, expectancy, or contingency, or for any other future Estate or Interest, where such Person or any of such Persons, whether entitled to the next or any subsequent Estate or Interest, or any Part thereof, shall not be ascertained, or shall be incapable of contracting for, selling, and conveying the same, and for all Guardians on behalf of their respective Wards, Husbands on behalf of their respective Wives, Committees on behalf of the Persons of whose Estates they shall be Committees, and the Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators, and Issue, of such Wards,

Wives, or Persons respectively, and to and for all Femes Covert entitled in their own Bight to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to Dower or other Interest therein, on behalf not only of themselves, but also of their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Issue, and also where such Wards,

Wives, Persons, or Femes Covert respectively shall be Tenants for Life or in Tail or for Years, or have any other partial or qualified Estate or Interest, to and for such Guardians, Husbands, Committees, and Femes Covert, on behalf of the Person or Persons on behalf of whom such Wards, Wives, Persons, or Femes Covert respectively (if of full Age), unmarried and of sound Mind, might have contracted for, sold, and conveyed the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which by the said Commissioners shall be thought necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act, to contract for, sell, and convey the same and every or any Part thereof to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or to such Person or Persons, as a Trustee or

Trustees

Bodies Politic, &c. may accept and receive Satisfaction for Lands taken.

Parties to deliver Statements of their Claims within One Month after Notice.

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour oj Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

Trustees on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall direct; and all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances, Acts, and Deeds which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in Law; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever contracting or conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which they or she or any of them shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, and other Person and Persons herein-before capacitated to contract for, sell, and convey any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Owners of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, may accept and receive such Satisfaction and Recompence for the Value thereof, and such Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons, Owner or Owners, and also any Tenant or Tenants, or other Occupier or Occupiers of any such Premises entitled to Compensation for any Injury or Damage which shall be sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, or in anywise relating thereto, may accept and receive such Sum of Money in respect thereof as shall be agreed upon between them respectively and the said Commissioners; and in case the said Commissioners and the said Parties interested in such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or sustaining any Injury or Damage, cannot or do not agree as' to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, Recompence, or Compensation, the same respectively shall be ascertained and settled by a Jury in manner herein-after directed.

X. And be it enacted, That on or before the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, or their Agent duly authorized, of the Intention to take or use any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, shall have been given, left, or affixed as hereinbefore is mentioned, all and every Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Trustee and Trustees, and other Person and Persons seised, possessed of, or interested in or authorized by this Act to accept and receive Satisfaction or Recompence for the Value of the same, or any Estate, Share, or Interest therein, or Charge thereon, having or claiming to be entitled to any Compensation for any Injury or Damage sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the said last-named Commissioners for the Time being, by leaving the same at their Office, a Statement in Writing of the Particulars of the Estate, Share, Interest, or Charge which he, she, or they claim to be entitled to, or to be authorized to receive Satisfaction or Recompence for,

and

1847* Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24. 263

and of the Injury or Damage (if any) sustained by him, her, or them, and of the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they may expect and be willing to receive in satisfaction or discharge for the Value of such Estate, Share, Interest, or Charge, and also the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they may expect and be willing to receive as Compensation for Injury or Damage respectively.

XI. And be it enacted, That if any Owners or Proprietors, if Parties Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, to treat Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, Femes Covert, or any other Person or Persons seised, possessed of, or interested tobesummOTed in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or in any Share ta settle the or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or D, fference-Charge or Charges thereon, which the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to purchase, take, and use for the Purposes aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence or Disability shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, or with the Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Disposal of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they may be in possession of, or to the Interest they shall claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case the Sheriff of the County of Dorset, or his Under-Sheriff, or in case such Sheriff or Under-Sheriff shall be in anywise interested in the Matter in question, then some one of the Coroners of the said County not interested therein, shall, upon the Warrant of the said Commissioners, in manner herein-after mentioned, and he or they is and are hereby required and authorized to cause it to be inquired into and ascertained, upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County (which Oaths the said Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for the Value of such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of every Person or Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and assess or award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for any Injury or Damage whatsoever that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, provided such Compensation shall be estimated by what in the Opinion of such Jury the Premises would have been worth in case the proposed Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater had not been in contemplation; but no Sum of Money shall be awarded for or in respect of any Building or Improvement which in the Opinion of such Jury shall have been constructed or made with a view to obtaining Compensation under this Act

264 Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

Act beyond the actual Cost of building and the Materials used; and the said Jury in estimating such Recompence and Satisfaction shall take into their Consideration the Increase in Value, if any, of the Residue of any contiguous Property of which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall form Part, and in order thereto the said Sheriff or Coroner is and are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as 'Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath the said Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner respectively shall order and cause the Jury to view the Places in question, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for his and their own as for the Jury's better Information in the Premises, as the said Sheriff, Under Sheriff, or Coroner shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of and ascertained and settled such Damage, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Sheriff^ Under-Sheriff, or Coroner shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid by the said Commissioners to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested therein, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition and Order so had and made shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon and against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Parties and Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning of such Jury or Juries the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the said Sheriff, Under-Sheriff *, or Coroner to summon, impannel, and return at some convenient Place in the said County a Jury of not less than Thirty-six nor more than Forty-eight honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and Fourteen Days Notice at the least in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, of the Time and Place at which such Jury are so required to be returned shall be given to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, Corporations, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in the Premises, before the Time of meeting of the said Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued; and the said Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner is and are hereby empowered and required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled,

summoned.

265

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24,

summoned, and returned, or oat of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men of Standers-by or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve; and it shall be lawful for all Persons concerned, by themselves, their Counsel, Solicitors, and Agents, to attend and be heard, and to adduce Evidence before the Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner respectively, and such Persons shall also have their lawful Challenge against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array.

XII. And be it enacted, That if the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act shall not be inclined to sell or part with the whole thereof, or his or her Interest in the whole thereof, and it shall not be found necessary to take the whole for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Parties cannot agree as to the Sum of Money to be paid for the Part which the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall think it necessary to purchase, then and in such Case the Jury which shall be summoned to value the said Premises shall assess the Value of the whole Premises according to the Condition in which they are at the Time of taking the View, and also the Value of that Part of the Premises which will remain after the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons authorized by them, have taken away so much as they shall think necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and in such last Valuation the said Jury shall take into their Consideration the Improvements or Depreciation which the Remainder of the Premises is likely to receive or sustain from the Alteration intended to be made; and the Jury having made these Two Valuations, the Difference between them shall be the Price to be paid by the said Commissioners on behalf of Her Majesty for that Part which they shall have Occasion for, and such Price shall be recorded as the Verdict of the Jury for the Value of the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That no Jury to be summoned by virtue of this Act shall be allowed to assess or award any Sum or Sums of Money to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Person or Persons, by way of Compensation for any Injury or Damage alleged to have been sustained by him or them by reason or means of this Act, or any thing which shall or may be done in the Execution hereof, unless such a Statement as herein-before is mentioned of the Particulars of every such Claim, and how and in what Manner the Amount thereof is made out and computed, shall have been given to the said Commissioners, or left at their Office as aforesaid, by and on behalf of such Person or Persons Ten Days at the least before the Time of the Meeting of such Jury.

Where Part of an Estate is taken the Re* mainder to be valued.

Notice to be given of Compensation claimed.

26G

Penalty on Sheriff, Jury, and Witnesses for Neglect of Duty.

Jury shall, if required, assess Value of Fee Simple, and then apportion the Values of respective Interests therein.

Value of Lands and Damages to be awarded separately.

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vi(

XIV. And be it enacted, That if the Sheriff, Under-Sher or Coroner, so directed to summon and return a Jury as afo said, shall make default in the Premises, he shall for every si Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds the Party who shall be prejudiced or injured thereby, to recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on 1 Case, in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminsti and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid uf such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to sworn or to give his Verdict, or shall in any other Mam wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intent a Meaning of this Act, or if any Person so summoned as a AV ness shall not appear, or appearing refuse to be examined to give Evidence, any Person so offending, having no reasona Excuse to be allowed by the Justices herein-after mention shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum i exceeding Ten Pounds, which several and respective Penalt shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under-1 Hand and Seal of One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Pej for the said County, by Distress and Sale of the Goods t Chattels of the Person so offending, the Person making si Distress and Sale rendering to him or her the Overplus of 1 Money thereby produced (if any), after such Penalty and 1 Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and such Fines shall be paid to the said Commissioners, to be appl for the Purposes of this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which a Verc shall be given for the Value of any Lands, Tenements, or He ditaments, or Share or Shares therein, the Jury shall, if requi so to do by or on behalf of the said Commissioners, inquire assess, and ascertain the Value of the Fee Simple of the Entir of the said Premises, and shall afterwards apportion and div the Value so ascertained between and among all the differ Shares and Charges which shall be claimed, and also betw< different Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditame alleged to be held under different Titles: Provided always, t the Verdict of any Jury shall not defeat or prejudice any G tract or Sale which shall have been previously made of i Share or Charge, although the Value of the same may be asc tained to be different from the Amount of the Price, Recc pence, or Satisfaction agreed to be paid for the same.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Jury and Juries so to summoned as aforesaid shall award all Determinations, Jui ments, and Verdicts which they shall make and give in exe< tion of the Powers hereby vested in them concerning the Va of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Sliare Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or a Charge or Charges thereon, separately and distinctly from 1 Consideration of any Loss or Damage to be sustained by a Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of i Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon l Hereditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest

Intere

267

1847* Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

Interests therein, or Charges thereon, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other; and when any Money shall be assessed or adjudged for such Loss or Damage as aforesaid, the Jury shall, if required by the said Commissioners, award and declare whether the Statement delivered by the Claimant or Claimants of the Manner in which any Amount of the Money which shall have been demanded as a Compensation for the same has been computed and made up gave sufficient Particulars to enable the said Commissioners to make a proper Offer.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Jury to be sum- As 10 Co*t« maned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall *f give in a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recom- mo»ed to assess pence, Compensation, or Satisfaction for the Bights, Interests, Compensation or Property of the Person or Persons in any such Lands, Tene- for &Cm ments, or Hereditaments, or for any such Injury or Damage as aforesaid, than shall have been agreed to be given and offered for the 8amein the aggregate by the said Commissioners before the summoning and returning of such Jury, or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Incapacity or Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons legally capacitated to enter into any Contract with the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction to be assessed by a Jury shall be settled by the Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall be paid by the said Commissioners; but in every Case in which any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall be of opinion that the Statement delivered by the Claimant or Claimants of the Manner in which any Amount of Money which shall have been demanded as a Compensation has been computed and made up did not give sufficient Particulars to enable the said Commissioners to make a proper Offer, and in every other Case in which any such Jury shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money as such Recompence, Compensation, or Satisfaction as aforesaid than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Commissioners in the aggregate for the same before the summoning and returning of the said Jury, or in case no Damages shall have been given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only, or where the causing or procuring such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a Refusal to treat or agree with the said Commissioners by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, legally empowered to treat, then (except where by reason of Absence such Person shall be prevented from treating with the said Commissioners) all such Costs, Charges, and Expences to be settled by such Sheriff, Under-Sheriff, or Coroner in manner aforesaid shall be paid to the said Commissioners by the said Body or Bodies politic. Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compensation, or

refusing

1

i and i to be

hrtiN are

j to

IFtartof

i Com-i to ) the

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively (save only and except where or by reason of Absence or other like Cause any Person shall have been prevented from treating or agreeing as aforesaid, in which Case no Costs, Charges, or Expences shall be allowed to either Party as against the other); and all Costs, Charges, and Expences hereby directed to be paid to the said Commissioners shall and may be deducted and retained by them out of the Money so adjudged or assessed to be paid by them as so much Money advanced to or for the Use of the Person and Persons entitled to such Money so adjudged; and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or assessed, or in case no Money or no sufficient Sum of Money shall be awarded or assessed to be paid by the said Commissioners whereout such Costs, Charges, and Expences can be deducted, then the same shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons liable to the Payment of the same, the Party making such Distress and Sale rendering to such Person or Persons as aforesaid the Overplus of the Money thereby produced (if any) after such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all the said Judgments and Verdicts shall be recorded in the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, and a Minute or Docquet thereof respectively entered in the Office of the said Commissioners, and all such Judgments and Verdicts shall be afterwards deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, to be kept and preserved by him amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the said County, and shall be deemed to be Records to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the same, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the same, paying for each such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XIX. And be it enacted, That if in any Case the Owner or Owners of any House or Building, or of any Yard or Curtilage occupied therewith, Part only of which Premises shall at any Time be required by the said Commissioners to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, shall be unwilling to sell or dispose of such Part only of such House, Building, Yard, or Curtilage as shall be required by the said Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, at the Option of any Owner or Owners of any such House, Building, Yard, or Curtilage, to purchase of and from the said Owner or Owners the whole or such Part thereof, over and above such Part thereof as may be wanted for the Purposes of this Act,

as

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24. 269

as such Owner or Owners shall think fit, and to apply so much and such Part thereof as they the said Commissioners shall see fit for the Purposes aforesaid; and that if such Owner or Owners shall not or cannot agree with the said Commissioners for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the whole or such Part as aforesaid of such House, Building, Yard, or Curtilage, then the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by a J ury, in such Manner as the Price for any Premises to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained, and all such other Proceedings shall take place respecting the said Premises as are herein-before mentioned and directed with respect to the Premises the Value of which shall be ascertained by a Jury in the Manner aforesaid.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which any Per- Persons holding eon or Persons shall claim any Satisfaction or Compensation for ^'produce the or in respect of any unexpired Term or Interest which he, she, same, or they shall claim to be possessed of or entitled unto, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments intended to be taken or used under the Authority of this Act, under or by virtue of any Demise or Lease or Agreement for Demise or Lease, or Grant thereof, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to require such Person or Persons to produce or show the Demise or Lease or Agreement for Demise or Lease, or Grant, in respect of which such Claim to Satisfaction or Compensation shall be made, or the best Evidence thereof in his, her, or their Power; and if such Demise or Lease or Agreement for Demise or Lease, or Grant, or such best Evidence thereof as aforesaid, shall not be produced or shown within Twenty-one Days after Demand made by the said Commissioners or any Person by them authorized, the Person or Persons claiming such Satisfaction or Compensation shall be considered and treated as holding only from Year to Year.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in case any Difference shall For settling arise between the said Commissioners and any of the Owners Disputes as or Occupiers of the Property to be taken or used for the Pur- A^Sount. poses of this Act as to the Amount or Value of the Damage done by the said Commissioners, their Agents or Workmen, to such Property, in the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and such Difference cannot be adjusted and settled between the Parties, the same shall, in case the Amount of Damages claimed does not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, be ascertained and determined by some Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, and who, upon Application made to them by both or either of the said Parties!, shall examine into the Matter in dispute, and shall determine and settle the Amount of Compensation which shall be payable by the said Commissioners; and such Magistrates may examine Witnesses and administer Oaths in all respects, and with the same Consequences as to false Swearing, as if the same were a judicial Matter brought before them on which they were by Law entitled to adjudicate.

Commissioners not to take possession till Purchase Money is paid or tendered.

Commissioners may take possession on Payment of Purchase Money into the Bank of England

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

XXII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money or other Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be made or paid pursuant to any such Agreement or Verdict as aforesaid shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, or into the Bank of England as herein mentioned, before the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to take possession of on behalf of Her Majesty, or to pull down any House or Houses or other Erections or Buildings comprised in or affected by such Agreement or Verdict respectively, or to use the Ground for any of the Purposes of this Act.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, seised or possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon as aforesaid, cannot be found, or shall not be known or ascertained, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Conveyances thereof, then and in any of such Cases, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted and agreed, or shall have been assessed and awarded by any Referee or Referees, or by any Jury or Juries in manner aforesaid, to be paid for the Purchase of or for the Value of the same Premises into the Bank of England, as herein-after directed (in case the same shall be requisite), for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested in or entitled as aforesaid, such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and in Equity of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or unknown Person or Persons to whose Credit such Money shall be paid in, to, and out of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth vest in the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin and Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Liens, Claims, and Demands, as fully and effectually as if every Body or Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the same by Grant, Bargain, and Sale enrolled, or Feoffment or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever, and with the Assent of any Protector of the Settlement whose Assent might be necessary; and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or unknown Person or Persons, of, in, and to the same Premises to whose Credit such Payment or Tender shall have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and

Wives

271

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

Wives of such Person or Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in possession, reversion, remainder, expectancy, or contingency, and the Issue and Issues of such Person or Persons, and every other Person whomsoever; and the same Premises shall and may thereupon be pulled down, made use of, and employed for the Purposes aforesaid, according to the Direction of the said Commissioners.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Money shall be Application agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or ^cTe^hen Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, amounting to Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or 2001. Charges thereon, or for any other Right, Matter, or Interest, of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any Body Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or not legally entitled absolutely to dispose of the Premises by the Sale of which such Money shall be produced, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid unto the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, pursuant to the Method prescribed by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better securing the Monies and Effects of 12 G. 1. c. 32. the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and to prevent the counter* feiting of East India Bonds and Endorsements thereon, and likewise Endorsements on South Sea Bonds, and pursuant to the general Rules and Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to empower the High Court of Chancery to lay out on 12 G. 2. c. 24. proper Securities any Monies, not exceeding a Sum therein limited, out of the common and general Cash in the Bank of England belonging to the Suitors of the said Court, for the Ease of the said Suitors, by applying the Interest arising therefrom for answering the Charges of the Office of Accountant General of the said Court; and such Money shall remain so deposited until the same be applied under the Direction of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same

or

272

When less than 200L and amount in? to 20/.

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing and undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, or Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall he paid, at the like Option, to Two or more Trustees, to be nominated by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners, such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court.

273

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where such Where lew Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before men- than 201 tioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such

Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments,

Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, and Charges so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think fit, or in case of the Infancy or Lunacy of such Person or Persons, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in case the Body or Bodies, In care of not Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall out be agreed to be paid, or shall be awarded by any Referee or 1 Referees or Umpire, or by any Jury or Juries, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts,

Shares, Estates, or Interests therein, or Charge thereon, to be purchased, taken, or* used by virtue of this Act, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or shall refuse to execute a Conveyance or Assignment thereof, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed or awarded to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to pay the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or agreed to be paid as aforesaid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Party or Parties, if known, who shall be interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges (describing such Tenements or Hereditaments), but if such Party or Parties shall not be known, then to the Credit of the said Commissioners, subject to the Order, Control, or Disposition of the said Court, which said Court, on the Application of any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, making Claim to any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and the same is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Body or Bodies,

Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such

S 3 Sum

f?4 Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. IO Vict.

Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Persons in pos-

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That where any Question shall JSmwltntitl^ ae touc^ng the Title of any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons until the con- to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name trary be shown, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or of any Estate, Bight, Title, Charge, or Interest in, to, or upon any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased or taken in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends of any such Bank Annuities, the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who shall have been in possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, claiming under such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interest, or Charges, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or to some Estate or Interest therein or Charge thereon.

Court

XXIX. And be it enacted, That where by reason of any

of Purchl^to Disability or Incapacity of the Body or Bodies, Trustee or be paid by the Trustees, Corporation, or other Person or Persons entitled to Commissioners. any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, to be purchased or taken under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be, required to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order so much of the Expences of any Purchase to be made in pursuance of this Act as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Commissioners, who shall pay the same out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act as the said Court shall direct. iYde^i^eTy16

XXX. And be it enacted, That where the Money awarded

reason of the to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which

Lands required shall be taken for the Purposes of this Act shall be paid into

the

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater\ Cap. 24. 275

the Bank of England in the Manner herein-before directed in for the Act consequence of a good Title not having been made to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the Satisfaction of the l^s said Commissioners by reason of the same Lands, Tenements, Rent, the or Hereditaments respectively being subject, together with other Hereditaments not required for the Purposes of this Act, to a £be laid out Bent payable to some Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or in the Purchase Collegiate, Person or Persons, unable or unwilling to release therefrom the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be Object to the taken, then and in every or any such Case the Lands, Tene- Rent in lieu of ments, or Hereditaments for the Value of which the Money to th* rf" be paid into the Bank, together with the Money (if any) to be Act. °* C retained for Costs and Charges under the Authority of this Act, shall be assessed and be awarded to be paid, shall be and are hereby released and for ever discharged from such Rent and all Claims and Demands in respect thereof; and, the Money to be paid into the Bank of England shall be laid out and invested under the Direction and with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for the Value of which such Monies respectively shall have been paid as aforesaid, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled (subject, together with such other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to such Bent,) to the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be taken as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the Accountant General of the said Court in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profit* of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments beasby^directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made; and the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be purchased and settled shall be subject to the Bent to which the same shall be declared as aforesaid in the Conveyance and Settlement thereof to be subject, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments taken or to be taken for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid were subject thereto; and the Body or Bodies,

Person or Persons to whom such Rent shall be payable shall

S 4 have

276 Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 VICT»

have such and the same Powers and Remedies for enforcing the Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, out of or upon the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be comprised in Such Conveyance and Settlement, and declared to be subject thereto, as they, he, or she would have been entitled to if such Rent had originally been reserved out of or charged upon the same, instead of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, and in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as such Rent was reserved out of or charged upon such last-mentioned Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, together with the other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments subject thereto; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, it shall be lawful for the said Court, if the said Court shall think proper, upon Application thereto, to order any Part of the Dividends and annual Produce of the Bank Annuities in which the said last-mentioned Money shall be invested to be paid from Time to Time to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the said Rent in discharge thereof, or Part thereof, as the Case may be.

Power to pur-

XXXI. And be it enacted, That where any Lands, Tene-of Tncmple3SC mcn*8> or Hereditaments purchased or wanted or intended to brances, or to be purchased, by the said Commissioners, shall be subject solely, apportion the or jointly with other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not sarae* intended or wanted to be purchased, to or with any Rent-

service, Rent-charge, or Chief Rent, or other Rent-payment or Incumbrance, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to agree for the Release of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased from such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, and also, where necessary or convenient, for an Apportionment of such Rent-payment or Incumbrances, for such gross Sum as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners and the Party who under the Provisions of this Act shall agree to sell or apportion the same, and which Agreement may be entered into by all Persons and Corporations by this Act authorized and empowered to sell or convey Lands; and the Monies to be paid shall be paid and applied in manner herein-before directed with regard to the Purchase Monies on the Sale of Lands; and in case any Difference shall arise respecting the Value of such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, or respecting the Apportionment thereof, the same shall be determined by a Jury, if required, in like Manner as the Price of Lands is by this Act directed to be settled in case of Dispute as to the Value thereof, which Jury shall assess and determine the Value of the Rent-payment or Incumbrance affecting the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased, and shall also (where necessary or convenient) apportion the Rent-payment or Incumbrance affecting the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments jointly subject to Rent-payment or Incumbrance as herein-before mentioned according to the respective Values of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased.

m

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

purchased, and of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not purchased or wanted or intended to be purchased by the said Commissioners; and all Contracts which shall be made by and between the said Commissioners and any such Party as aforesaid respecting such Releases shall be valid and effectual in the Law, and all Conveyances and Assurances which shall be made to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, respecting such Releases shall extinguish the whole or a proportionate Part of such Rent-payment or Incumbrance (as the Case may be): Provided always, that when the Party entitled to such Rent-payment or Incumbrance shall consider the remaining Part of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so jointly subject to be sufficient Security for such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, and shall be willing to release the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased by the said Commissioners therefrom, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Party entitled, or by this Act capacitated as aforesaid, to apportion such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, or to release the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased (with the Consent of the Owner of the Lands so purchased) from the Rent-payment or Incumbrance so affecting the same as aforesaid jointly with other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, on condition or in consideration of such other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments continuing or remaining wholly and exclusively subject to the whole of such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, and thereupon such other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall in all respects continue wholly and exclusively subject to the whole of such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, and the Release of Part of the Hereditaments theretofore charged or subject shall not operate to release the remaining Parts of such Hereditaments, or to prejudice the Title to such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, or the Remedies for Recovery thereof, wholly and exclusively out of such remaining Parts: Provided also, that when any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased by the said Commissioners shall be released from a Part only of any Rent-payment or Incumbrance affecting the same jointly with other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not purchased by the said Commissioners, such last-mentioned Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be charged only with the Remainder of such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, and such Apportionment shall not prejudice the Title to the remaining Rent, or the Remedies for such Remainder, but the same shall at all Times thereafter remain as effectual as if the Lands not so purchased had been originally charged with that Amount only: Provided also, that when a Part of any Rent-payment or Incumbrance shall be released, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on Tender for that Purpose of any Deed or Instrument creating or transferring such Rent-payment or Incumbrance, to endorse a Memorandum on such Deed or Instrument declaring what Part of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments originally subject to such Rent-payment or Incumbrance shall have been purchased by virtue of this Act, and what Proportion of the said Rent-payment or

Incumbrance

Rents reserved in Leases to be apportioned.

Persons baring Mortgages on Lauda, &c. required for the Purposes of this Act shall on Payment or Tender of

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

Incumbrance shall continue payable, and such Memorandum shall be Evidence in all Courts of the Facts therein stated, but shall not exclude any other Evidence of the same Facts.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which a Part only of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprised in any Lease or Agreement for Lease for a Term of Years unexpired, or for a Life or Lives, or for a Term determinable on a Life or Lives, shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, the Rent payable in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprised in such Lease or Agreement for Lease shall be apportioned between the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments required for the Purposes of this Act and the Residue of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and such Apportionment shall, in case the same shall not be settled by Agreement between the Parties, be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, if required, in like Manner as the Price of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken in pursuance of this Act is directed to be settled in case of Dispute as to the Value thereof; and in case such Apportionment shall be settled by Agreement between the Parties, such Agreement shall be made with and not be valid without the Consent and Approbation of the Lessor from whom such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are holden or agreed to be holden; and any Person hereby capacitated to sell, who shall be a Lessor, shall be capacitated to assent and to bind the Property in respect of such Assent; and after such Apportionment the Tenant or Lessee of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprised in such Lease or Agreement for Lease shall, as to all future accruing Rent, be liable only to so much of the Rent reserved in such Lease or Agreement for Lease as shall have been apportioned in respect of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not required for the Purposes of this Act; and the Lessor of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall have all such and the same Remedies for Rent so apportioned in respect of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not required for the Purposes of this Act as before such Apportionment he had or was entitled to, or in respect to the Rent reserved or agreed to be reserved in such Lease or Agreement for Lease; and such Apportionment shall not prejudice or affect any of the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements in such Lease or Agreement for Lease contained, so far as the same relate to the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments comprised in such Lease or Agreement for Lease, and not required for the Purposes of this Act, but the same shall, as to such last-mentioned Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, but not further or otherwise, continue in full Force and Operation.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Trustee and Trustees, and all other Persons having any Mortgage on any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be required to be taken for the Purposes of this. Act, (and whether entitled thereto in their own Right pr in trust for any other Body or Bodies, Person or Persons,

and

L.

279

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Brtakwatei\ Cap. 24.

and whether in possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Sere- Money secured dit&ments by virtue of such Mortgage or not, and whether such ^*T^yey Mortgage shall affect such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Her Majesty, solely, or jointly with any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so required,) shall, on Payment or Tender by the said Commissioners, or by any Person by them authorized, of the Principal Money and Interest due on or secured by such Mortgage, and whether the Principal Monies thereby secured shall, under the Terms of such Mortgage, be then actually payable or not, and the just Costs (if any) then due, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal Money, (which Tender and Payment the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to make, and to deduct the same from any Sum agreed or directed to be paid for the Estate or Interest of the Party or Parties entitled to the Equity of Redemption of and in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so mortgaged, in case the same shall be sufficient for the Purpose,) immediately convey, assign, and transfer the respective Interests of such Mortgagees in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so required to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or to such Person as the said Commissioners on behalf of Her Majesty shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Commissioners, or from the Party or Parties entitled to the Equity of Redemption of and in the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that they will pay off the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on or secured by such Mortgage at the End of Six or a less Number of Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, then at the End of Six or any less Number of Calendar Months, on Payment or Tender by the said Commissioners of the Principal and the Interest which would become due at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Time of giving such Notice, together with any Costs then due, such Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer their respective Interest in the Lands, Tenements, Or Hereditaments which shall be so required for the Purposes of this Act to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or as the said Commissioners shall direct; and in case any such Mortgagee shall refuse to assign or transfer as aforesaid on such Payment or Tender respectively as aforesaid, then on Payment of such Money, Interest, and Costs into the Bank of England as hereinafter mentioned all Interest on every such Mortgage Debt, and all Claim mid Right of every such Mortgagee thereto, shall thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case any such Mortgagee shall in either of the Cases aforesaid neglect or refuse to convey, assign, or transfer as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest, and the Costs (if any), due on any such Mortgage as aforesaid, into the Bank of England, at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Time of giving such Notice as Aforesaid, or as soon after as possible, or, in lieu of such Notice, and in addition to the said other

Monies,

J

As to Cases

where the Moi tgagc Money is more than the Value

280 Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

Monies, of Six Calendar Months Interest in advance for the Use of such Mortgagee at any Time after Tender of the Principal, Interest, and Costs, and Six Calendar Months Interest in advance as aforesaid, the Cashier of the said Bank shall give a Receipt for the said Money in like Manner as is by this Act directed in Cases of other Payments into the said Bank; and thereupon, or upon such Conveyance, Assignment, or Transfer by any such Mortgagee as aforesaid, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand of such Mortgagee, and of all Persons in trust for him or for whom he shall be Trustee, shall vest in the Queen's Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, who shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises and Estate comprised in such Mortgage, or so much thereof as shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which any Lands or Hereditaments subject to any Mortgage shall be required for the Purposes of this Act, which Lands or Hereditaments shall be of less Value than the Principal Monies, or a plnTn1^8* Interest* and Costs secured thereon, or in which a Part only of of the Premises the Lands or Hereditaments subject to any Mortgage shall be is taken. required for the Purposes of this Act, and such Part shall be of less Value than the Principal Monies, Interest, and Costs secured on such Lands or Hereditaments, and the Mortgagee or Mortgagees thereof shall not consider the remaining Part of such Lands or Hereditaments to be a sufficient Security for the Monies charged thereon, or shall not be willing to release the Part required for the Purposes of this Act from the Principal or Mortgage Money, and all Interest due and to become due thereon, and all Costs, the Value of such Lands or Hereditaments, or, as the Case may be, of such Part of the said Lands or Hereditaments as shall be so required for the Purposes aforesaid, and also the Compensation (if any) for any Damage done in respect of the Parts so required, shall be settled and agreed upon by and between such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons, entitled to the Equity of Redemption of such Lands or Hereditaments, whether absolutely or for such Estate as might capacitate him, her, or them to convey for the Purposes of this Act on the one Part, and the said Commissioners on the other Part; and in case of any Difference between them, then such Value and Compensation shall be determined by the Verdict of a Jury in the same Manner as in other Cases of Difference; and the Amount of such Value and Compensation, being so agreed upon or determined as aforesaid, shall be paid to such Mortgagee or Mortgagees in satisfaction of his, her, or their Claim, so far as the same will extend; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall thereupon convey, assign, and transfer all his, her, or their Interest in such mortgaged Lands or Hereditaments, the Value whereof shall so have been agreed upon or determined as aforesaid;

*n

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24. 281

said; or in case of his, her, or their neglecting or refusing to convey, assign, or transfer as herein-before directed, then the Amount of such Value and Compensation shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Credit of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees as by this Act is provided in Cases of a like Nature; and such Payment to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, or into the Bank as last aforesaid, shall be accepted in satisfaction of the Claim of such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, so far as the same will extend, and also in full Discharge and Exoneration of such Part of the mortgaged Premises as shall be so taken or used from all Principal and Interest and other Money due or secured thereon, and thereupon such mortgaged Lands or Hereditaments shall become absolutely vested in the Queen's Majesty,

Her Heirs and Successors, who shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that all Mortgagees shall have the same Powers and Remedies for recovering or compelling Payment of their Mortgage Money, or the Residue thereof, (as the Case may be,) or the Interest thereof respectively upon and out of the Residue of the mortgaged Lands or Hereditaments not required for the Purposes aforesaid, as they would have had or been entitled to for recovering or compelling Payment thereof upon or out of the whole of the Lands or Hereditaments originally comprised in such Mortgage: Provided also, that when a Part only of the Lands or Hereditaments (subject to any Mortgage) shall have been taken for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, and the Value of the Lands or Hereditaments so taken shall, on the Assignment or Conveyance thereof to the Queen's Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, have been paid to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees thereof in part Satisfaction of his, her, or their Mortgage Debt, a Memorandum of what shall have been so paid shall be endorsed on the Deed creating such Mortgage at the Time of executing such Assignment or Conveyance to Her Majesty, and shall be signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees; and a Copy of such Memorandum shall at the same Time (if required) be furnished by the said Commissioners to the Person or Persons so entitled as aforesaid to the Equity of Redemption of the Lands or Hereditaments comprised in such Mortgage Deed.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Tenants at Will, Lessee for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in posses- or from Year to sion of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act, or vested in Her Majesty for the Purposes aforesaid, who shall have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year or from Year to Year, shall at the End of Six Calendar Months next after Notice in Writing signed by the said Commissioners shall have been given to him, her, or them, or left at the Premises which are the Subject of such Notice, and whether such Notice be given with reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, quit and relinquish the said Premises unto the said Commissioners, or to such

Person

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

Person or Persons as shall be by them authorized to receive Possession thereof; and in case any such Lessee shall be compelled to quit before the Expiration of his or her Term or Interest in any such Premises, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall give Satisfaction and Compensation for the Loss or Damage which he or she shall sustain thereby; and in case of any Difference as to the Amount of such Satisfaction or Compensation, the same shall or may be settled and ascertained by a Jury in the same Manner as the Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are herein-before directed to be ascertained, or, if the said Commissioners and the other Parties in difference shall agree, the same may be settled by a Reference to the Award of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the Parties in difference; and that all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate, Collegiate, Or Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, in possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall or may be purchased in pursuance of this Act by the said Commissioners, or vested in Her Majesty for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall upon Tender or Payment as aforesaid of such Recompence or Satisfaction for any of his, her, or their Term, Estate, or Interest in the Premises as shall be mutually agreed upon, or as shall be settled, ascertained, and awarded by any Referee or Referees or Umpire, or by Verdict or Inquisition of a Jury, in manner aforesaid, quit and relinquish the said Premises so in their respective Possessions unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as shall be by them authorized to receive Possession of the same, and all the Leases, Demises, Contracts, and Agreements whatsoever, under or by virtue whereof any such Person or Persons shall hold the said Premises, shall at and from the End and Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, or upon such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, be absolutely void and of none Effect as against Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners; and if any such Tenant at Will, or Lessee, or other Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate or Collegiate or Ecclesiastical, Corporations Aggregate or Sole as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Premises in his, her, or their Possession at the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months, or upon such Payment or Tender as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County to issue his Precept or Warrant to the Constables of the said County, or any of them, or to any Person or Persons to be by such Justice appointed a Constable or Constables for that especial Purpose, commanding and requiring such Constable or Constables, or any of them, to cause Possession of the said Premises to be taken and afterwards delivered to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Warrant be nominated to receive the same by such Commissioners; and the said Constables, and every of them, are and is thereupon hereby authorized and required to cause such Possession to be taken and delivered accordingly .;

1847. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24. 283

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That all Persons hereby capa- Person* autho-citated to sell, and all Persons who are herein-before authorized

to have their Estates, Bights, Interests, or Damages assessed Arbitrators to

and ascertained by a Jury in manner aforesaid, and who may the P*ic *

not agree with the said Commissioners as to the Price to be

paid in respect of such Estates, Rights, Interests, or Damages,

may, if they shall think fit, agree with the said Commissioners to refer it to any Person or Persons to ascertain the Amount to

be paid; and every such Agreement, and the Awards of any

Referee or Referees to be made in Writing in pursuance of any such Agreement, shall be in all respects binding and effectual

on all Parties.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That for ascertaining the For seeruio-Value of the Estates, Rights, and Interests claimed by any Person or Persons in the said common or commonable Lands Rights.

(other than the Crown in right of the Soil or otherwise), and for settling and apportioning the Amount of Compensation to be made for the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to call a Meeting of the Persons Meeting of claiming any such Estates, Rights, or Interests as aforesaid, at .Per^ni such Time and Place in the said County as the said Commis- c *

sionere, or any Two of them, shall appoint, by a public Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed at least Twenty-one Days before such Meeting on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Portland, or in some public and conspicuous Place within the Isle of Portland, and to be twice at least, during such Twenty-one Days, inserted in One of the public Newspapers published or generally circulated in the said County; and at such Meeting the Majority of Persons having or claiming any such Estates, Rights, or Interests in, upon, or over the said common or commonable Lands as aforesaid shall elect from among themselves Five Persons, who, within Four- A Valuer to be teen Days from the Time of such Meeting, shall name One on

Person as the Valuer on behalf of the said Claimants, to ascer- claimants, tarn the Value of such Estates, Rights, or Interests, 'and shall, by a Writing under their Hands, or under the Hands of any Three of them, give Notice to the said Commissioners of the Person or Persons so nominated by them as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commis- Commissioners sioners shall, within Fourteen Days after receiving such Notice of Wo°d&c-as; aforesaid, name one Person to be the Valuer on behalf of vsiEST"1* Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, of the Estates, Rights,

and Interests had or claimed in the said common or common-

able Lands, and the said Valuers so respectively appointed as Umpire to be

aforesaid shall, within Ten Days after the said last-mentioned appointed.

Valuer shall have been appointed, by a Writing under their

Hands, name a Third Person as Umpire before they proceed

upon any Business under the Provisions of this Act; or in If Valuers can.

case the said Valuers cannot agree in the Choice of an Umpire, not a«ree " to

then it shall be lawful for " The Inclosure Commissioners for ^fofimUm-

England and Wales," by some Writing under their Seal, to pire, Inclosure

appoint an Umpire; and the Valuation of the said Valuers and Commissioners

Umpire, l0api, 0, 0t0De *

284

In default of Appointment of Valuer, &c., or Refusal to act, Inclosure Commissioners to appoint.

Valuers and Umpire may require Production of Deeds, &c.

Valuation to include all Costs incurred.

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 Vict.

Umpire, or any Two of them, as to the Amount of the Value of the said Rights and Interests, shall, if made in Writing within Thirty Days from the Day of the Date of the Appointment of the said Umpire, and if delivered to the Office of the said Commissioners, be binding on all Parties, and be taken to be the Price to be paid for such Rights and Interests.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That in case, for any Reason whatever, the said Five Persons shall not be elected and named at such Meeting as aforesaid, or if they shall neglect or refuse to appoint such Valuer, or if the said Valuers or their Umpire should refuse, decline, or become incapable of making such Valuation, or if by any Reason whatsoever, except by reason of the Default of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to comply with the Directions of this Act, the said Valuation shall not be made within Six Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, then it shall be referred to a Person to make such Valuation who shall be appointed by " The Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, n and the Award in Writing of such Person, so appointed as last aforesaid, shall be binding on all Parties.

XL. And be it enacted, That the said Valuers and Umpire shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to call for and compel the Production of any Records, Deeds, or Writings, or any other Proof or Evidence relating to the Nature of the Estates, Rights, or Interests held or claimed in the said common or commonable Lands, and the Value thereof, and also to receive any Evidence on Oath or on Affirmation, in Cases where Affirmation is allowed by Law instead of Oath, touching the Nature and Value of such Estates, Rights, and Interests, and in like Manner to carry on and prosecute all such other Inquiries and Examinations as in their Opinion may be necessary or expedient for ascertaining the Nature and Value of such Estates, Rights, or Interests; and any Person who, upon receiving due Notice, shall refuse or neglect to appear before the said Valuers and Umpire, or to produce such Records, Deeds, or Writings, or to give such Evidence, without reasonable Excuse for such Refusal or Neglect, shall, on Application to any Justice of the Peace for the said County, forfeit any Sum, not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Two Pounds, as such Justice may determine, to be recovered by Distress on the Offender's Goods, to be levied under the Warrant to be issued by such Magistrate.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the said Valuation shall include all Costs and Charges which may be necessarily incurred in ascertaining the Nature and Value of the said Estates, Rights, and Interests, including the Allowance to the said Valuers and Umpire: Provided nevertheless, that the Amount of such Costs and Charges shall be approved of and allowed by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, previously to the Publication of the Valuation as aforesaid.

285

1847'. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

XLII. And be it enacted, That so soon as such Valuation As soon as shall have been so made and published as aforesaid, and upon Payment of the Amount at which the said Estates, Rights, Amount paid, and Interests shall have been so valued (exclusive of the afore- Commons &c. said Amount of Costs and Expences as aforesaid) into the Bank l° of England to the Account of "The Inclosure Commissioners a lg c* for England and Wales? the said common and commonable Lands and Hereditaments shall be absolutely freed and discharged from all such Rights, Estates, and Interests as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no Objection shall be made to any such Valuation as aforesaid by reason that the said Meeting was not duly called, or that any of the Parties present were not so entitled as aforesaid, or that the said Parties, so appointed, did not duly appoint the said Valuer; and as regards the Amount of such Costs and Expences so directed to be ascertained as aforesaid, the same shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, as Part of the Purchase Money for the said Estates, Rights, and Interests, to the Persons respectively entitled to receive the same.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any thing Commissioner! herein-before contained, it shall be lawful for the said Commis- of W'p^ sioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, to be paid for Works, and Buildings to agree with the said Five Persons so to such Rights, be named for the Purpose of appointing a Valuer as aforesaid for the Amount or Price to be paid for such Estates, Rights, Q^ion to* and Interests, instead of referring the Question of the Value Valuers, thereof to the said Valuers as aforesaid, and the Amount agreed on shall be paid into the Bank of England in manner aforesaid, and shall be binding on all Parties.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That as soon as the said Monies As soon as the shall have been j>aid into the Bank as aforesaid the said Inclo- said Monies sure Commissioners for England and Wales, or any Assistant the Bank Commissioner appointed or to be appointed by them for that Inclosure Coin-Purpose, shall proceed to ascertain, determine, and award the §hall

Names of the Parties who were entitled to such Estates, Rights, Pennine the and Interests in the said common and commonable Lands, and Names of the the Amount or Value of their respective Shares, Rights, and Parties entitled. Interests therein, and the proportionate Amount of the Price so to be paid as aforesaid for such Estates, Rights, and Interests to which each Party so entitled as aforesaid is entitled in respect of his Share, Right, or Interest as aforesaid; and the Award of the said last-mentioned Commissioners under their Common Seal, or Assistant Commissioner in Writing under his Hand and Seal, shall be binding on all Parties claiming such Estates,

Rights, and Interests as aforesaid; and, for the Purpose of Inclosure Com-ascertaining the Rights and Interests of such Parties as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Inclosure Commissioners or ascertain^ Assistant Commissioner to call such Meetings as they or he Rights, &c. of shall think fit of all Persons having or claiming any such Rights PaTUe9, or Interests in the said common and commonable Lands as aforesaid, at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners

As to the Payment of Costs (1 Ir closure C mmU*ioner», in is to the IK sidue of cnies.

C<

for limited Intel is to be paid d Trustees.

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. 10 VICtf,

or Assistant Commissioner shall think fit, so as the same shall be appointed by & public Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed at least Twelve Days before such Meeting on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Portland, or in some public and conspicuous Place within the said Isle of Port* land, and to be inserted in One of the public Newspapers pub* liahed or generally circulated in the said County of Dorset; and at such Meeting the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner do and shall proceed to examine into and ascertain all and every the Claims which shall be made or put forward in respect of any such Rights or Interests as aforesaid, and the relative and proportionate Value of the Estates, Rights, and Interests of any Person or Persons claiming to be Entitled thereto, and for that Purpose do and may call for and receive such Records, Deeds, and Writings, and such other Proof or Evidence as the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner may think fit, and they and he arc and is hereby authorized and required to take the Testimony of any Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath they and he are and is respectively hereby empowered to administer,) or to take the Affirmation of such Witnesses in Cases where Affirmation is allowed by Law instead of Oath.

XLV. And be it enacted, That all the Costs and Expencea of the said Inclosure Commissioners and Assistant Commissioner shall in the first place be paid out of the Monies so to be paid into the Bank of England, and that the Residue of the said Monies shall be paid and divided between and amongst the said several Parties to be named in the said Award, and in the Shares and Proportions to be ascertained and set forth in such Award.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That when it shall appear to the said Inclosure Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner that any of the Parties entitled to such Rights or Interests are only entitled thereto for a limited Interest, then it shall be lawful for them or him, by their or his Award, to direct that the Monies to be paid in respect of such Right or Interest shall be paid to Trustees, to be held by them on Trusts similar to the Uses or Trusts to which such Rights or Interests had been immediately before the Payment of such Monies into the Bank subject to. Or as near thereto as the said Inclosure Commissioners of Assistant Commissioner can ascertain; and that the Rights or Interests of all Parties to be ascertained in such Award as aforesaid shall, ns from the Payment of such Monies as aforesaid into the Bank of England, be taken and considered as Personal Estate, and the Receipts of any Trustees to whom any such Monies shall be paid as aforesaid shall be good and sufficient Discharges for tho same: Provided always, that the Payment of all such Sums shall from Time to Time be subject to such Rules and Regulations, for the Purpose of insuring the Payment thereof to the J Person or Persons duly entitled to receive the same, as the s aid Inclosure Commissioners shall by any Order direct.

287

1847. Portland Harhmr of Rifugt and Breakwater. Cap. 24.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Power to nd-any Person or Persons hereby authorized and empowered to ipurn Meetings call any Meeting for the Purposes of this Act from Time to Time. ° Time to adjourn any Meeting so called to any future Day, sad to any Place within the said Island of Portland, as to him (at them shall seem meet, without giving any public Notice thereof.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for p°w«r the said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained, at any Time or Times before the Completion of the said intended Harbour of Refuge, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, to sell and dispose of (either by way of absolute Rale or in earchange for other Hereditaments to be applied to the Purposes of this Act), and absolutely to grant and convey, any of the Hereditaments which may be purchased or acquired for the Purposes of this Act, and which it shall be found are not required for the Purposes thereof, or which may be advantageously exchanged, subject, nevertheless, to such Conditions and Stipulations as they may think fit, and thereupon the same shall be conveyed and assured by the said Commissioners as they shall think fit; and any Monies to be received in respect Of any Sale or Exchange by the said Commissioners shall be paid to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to «iup said Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's aller Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, from Time to Time to stop up, divert, raise, lower, or alter all or any of the Roads, Ways, Paths, Passages, Streams, and Watercourses which now lead into, through, across, or over any Port or Parts of the Lands mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and to form and make in lieu thereof, or in addition thereto, such other Roads, Ways, Paths, Passages, or Watercourses as to the said Commissioners may seem fit and necessary; and the Ground and Soil of such Roads, Ways, Paths, or Passages atfchall be so stopped up, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall thereupon become and be vested in Her Majesty,

Her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of this Act, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands in, to, upon, or over the same.

L. And be it enacted, That all Persons who, upon Exarnina- Penalties on tion to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully and cor- ^EviSncS ruptly give false Evidence, or otherwise forswear themselves, a 50 vl ence* before 4ny Jury or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the same, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such and the same Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wil-fiil and corrupt Peijuty are by the Laws in force subject and liable to.

LI. And be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners for Limitation of the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forest., Land Keve- ^nlTTni*.

T 2 nues.

Commissioners txtmpted from personal LU-

bilitjr .;

Rtccipta of

to be sufficient Discharges *

Cap. 24. Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breahoater. 10 VICT,

nues, Works, and Buildings, on behalf of Her Majesty, dull not, within the Space of Five Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act, purchase or take the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Parts thereof respectively, which they are empowered by this Act to take and use or purchase m aforesaid, then and from thenceforth the Powers hereby granted to them for compulsory Purchase shall cease.

LII. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act, or to be contained in any Agreement, Contract, Lease, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Instrument entered into, made, taken, or executed by the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or any of them, or by any Trustee or Trustees on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in execution of the Powers of this Act, shall extend to chatge the Persons or Person of all or any of the Commissioners, Trustee or Tnw-tees executing any such Agreement, Contract, Lease, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Instrument, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of the same Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, or any of them, or their or any of their own proper Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, with or for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements in the same Agreement, Contract, Lease, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Instrument to be contained on the Part of the same Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, or any of them; and the same Commissioners shall not be bound to see to the Application, or be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application, of any Monies to be paid by them under the Direction in this Act contained; and the Amount of all Sums, Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences which shall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity against them the said Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, or any of them, or against their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for or by reason or means of any such Agreement Contract, Lease, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Instrument, or the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements therein contained, and also all the Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences which the said Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, or any of them, or their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall bear, pay, expend, or be put to, or which shall be occasioned to them, for or by reason or means of any such Agreement, Contract, Lease, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Instrument, or any Covenant, Condition, or Agreement therein contained, or any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits to be brought or prosecuted by or against them, or any of them, thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged by and out of the Monies for the Time being applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Receipts in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majestr'i Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, for any Monies payable to them under or by virtue of this Act, or the

289

1647* Portland Harbour of Refuge and Breakwater. Cap. 24

the Powers herein contained, shall be sufficient Discharges for the seme to the Person or Body paying the same.

LIV. And be it enacted, That no Lease, Mortgage, Con- Deed *, &c. tract. Award, Conveyance, or other Instrument which shall be made, granted, or executed under any Powers or Authorities p herein contained or in pursuance thereof, nor any Contract,

Bond, Assignment, Conveyance, or other Deed or Instrument which shall be made, entered into, or executed by any Person or Persons to or with the said last-mentioned Commissioners, or otherwise, for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatever imposed by any Act now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments be specially subjected and specifically charged in and by such future Act.

LV. And be it enacted, That nothing contained in this Act String th« shall extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of ^rown.^ the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of Her Crown, or otherwise howsoever.

LVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to Public Ad. be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

No. on the Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1 A Dwelling Charles Augustus Man-

House, Court-lage, and Garden. ning, John Spencer Manning.

2 A Dwelling Charles Augustus Man-

House, Courtage, and Garden. ning, John Spencer Manning.

3 A Dwelling Charles Augustus Manning, John Spencer

House, Court-

lage, and Garden. Manning.

4 A Dwelling Charles Augustus Man-

House, Court- ning, John Spencer

lagc, and Garden. Manning.

6 A Garden Charles Augnstus Manning, John Spencer Charles Angnstus Manning.

Manning.

S A Garden William White and - Thomas Hansfiwd.

Elizabeth White.

6* A Garden William White \ and - William White.

Elizabeth White.

7 Commonable Pas- Her MajestjvTohn Stone, Charles Augurtus Man-

ture Land. - Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, and the 1 Conunoners. j ning.

No. on the rijn. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupies *

8 Commonable Pasture Land ,; Wears Hub- i ble Banks, and Quarries Land. Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, and the Commoners.

8* 9 Commonable Pasture Land, Stone Quarry, and Hubble Heaps. Public Roads - Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, and the Commoners. Surveyors of the Highways. William Whit *

9* Public Footway Surveyors of the Highways.

10 Ruin of the Van Signal Station House and Garden. Her Majesty | John Fisher.

11 Beach or Sea Shores. Her Majesty Count Hompisch - Count Hompisch.

12 Beach or Sea Shores. Her Majesty Count Hompisch - Count Hompisch.

13 Beach or Sea Shores. Her Majesty (Count Hompisch - Count Hompisch.

14 Beach or Sea Shores. Her Majesty Count Hompisch - Count Hompisch.

15 Pier, called the King's Pier, iu ruins. Her Majesty " Her Majesty and John William Barrington Browne, Richard Steward Wardell, M< asm.Stewards and Cd., and John Foot, Agent for Messrs. Stewards and Co.

- 16 Shed and Tool- house s Her Maj esty, John Stone, Bailiff, E lward Pearce, the Haywards, and the Commoners. Her Majesty and John William Barrington Browne, Richard Steward Warded, Mess'* Stewards and Co., and John Foot, Agent for Mess" Stewards and Co.

17 Pier Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, the Commoners, and Messrs. Stewards and Co. -; 1 Her Majesty and John William Barrington Browne, Richard Steward Wardell, *nr- Stewards and Co., and John Foot, Agent for Messieurs Stewards and Co.

17* A Shipping Pier Her Majesty, John - Her Majesty and Sa-

near the Folly Pier. Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, the Commoners, and Samuel Patten. muel Patten.

18 - Paths or Tracks Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiffj Edward Pearce, the Haywards, the Commoners, and Henry Stone.

19 Lime-kiln Her Majesty and John Fuzzard. - John Fuzzard.

Na on the Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees ) or reputed Lessees.

80 Shed in ruins Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward j Pearce, the Haywards, and the Commoners.

81 Shed in rains Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, and the Commoners.

88 Building in ruins - Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, and the Commoners.

23 Pasture Land Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL

24 Pasture Land Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell. j

25 Pasture Land Her Majesty John William Bar- . rington Browne i and RieharcJStew-ard Wardell.

86 Ruinous Shed or Tool-house. Her Majesty John William Bar- 1 rington Browne and Hichard Steward Wardell.

87 A Garden Her Majesty John William Bar- rington Browne and RichardStew* ard Wardell. j

83 A Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and UiehardStew-ard Wardell.

29 A Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Hichard Steward Wardell.

0 Arable Land - Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell.

81 Arable Land and Her Majesty John William Bar-

Rubble Heaps. rington Browne and RiehardStew-ard Wardell.

82 Pasture Land - Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell.

88 Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell.

Occupier *

Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

Messieurs Stewards and Ca, Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Lowman, and John Foot, Agent for Mess" Stewards and Co.

Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man, and Daniel Andrews, and Elizabeth Sims, Widow.

Susannah Spencer and Edward PearceLow-man, and Nicholas Hoskins.

Susannah Spencer pnd Edward Pearce Low-man, and Thomas

Carter.

Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-

man.

Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

Snsaunfd) I

Edward

man.

pence? and

earoeXxyw-

No. on the Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

34 Rickyard Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

35 Arable Land - Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

36 36* Pasture Land -Public Path Her Majesty Surveyor of Highways. John William Barrington Browne and LRichardStew-ard Warden. Susannah Spencer and Edward PearceLow -man.

37 Pasture Land - Her Majesty - John William Barrington Browne andliichardStew-ard Wardell. Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

38 A Garden Her Majesty - John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man, RichardBenfield and William Cross.

39 A Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and R ichardStew ard WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man, and Abraham White.

40 Pasture Land with Occupation Road. Her Majesty - John William Barrington Browne andliichardStew -ard Wardell. Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man, and Robert Stone.

43 Stone Quarry - Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL Messieurs Stewards and Co., John Foot, their Agent

Railways Her Majesty, Messrs. Stewards and Co., Roper Weston, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards, and the Commoners. John William Barrington Browne and RichardStew* ard WardelL Messieurs Stewards and Co., John Foot their Agent Roper Weston, Susannah Spencer, and Edward Pearce Lowman.

45 Arable Her Majesty - John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

46 A Close of Land Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

47 A Close of Land Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man.

48 A Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Lowman, and John AtwoolL

49 Pasture Land Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and R ichard Steward WardelL Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low* man.

293

No. on the Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

50 Stone Quarries, Babble Banks, and quarried Land, with Occupation Hoad. Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell Messieurs Stewards and Co., and Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man, John Foot, Agent for Messieurs Stewards and Co.

51 A Garden Her Majesty - John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell. Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Lowman, Nicholas Hoskins.

52 A Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and KichardStew-ard Wardell Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man, Henry Stone.

55 A Garden Her Majesty, John Stone, Bailiff, Edward Pearce, the Haywards^md the Commoners. Abraham Ellis.

54 A Garden Her Majesty - John William Barrington Browne and RichardStew ard Wardell Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low* man.

55 A Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell Susannah Spencer and EdwardPearce Low-man, and Robert Stone.

56 A Garden Her Majesty John William Barrington Browne and Richard Steward Wardell Susannah Spencer and Edward Pearce Low-man, and William Peters.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands, in pursuance of the Second Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[11th May 1847.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England " and Wales have, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons s & 9 Vict. and Lands held in common, the Exchange of Lands, and the «118-Division of intermixed Lands; to provide Remedies for defective or incomplete Executions, and for the Non-execution of the Powers of general and local Inclosure Acts; and to provide for the Revival of such Powers in certain Cases, issued Provisional Orders for and concerning the several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and have, in the annual General Report of their Proceedings, certified their Opinion that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be

J

94

In closures

men:iond in Schedule injy be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

Cap. 23, 26. Commont Inclosure (No. 2.) 10 YlOt

be proceeded with without the Authority of Parliament:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

II. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The annual Inclosure Act, 1847."

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inolosur*. County. Date of Provisional Order *

Welland Worcester 30th June 1846.

Harden Moor York 9th July 1846.

Newbold-on-Stour Worcester 11th July 1846.

Wilburton Open Fields - Cambridge 21st July 1846.

Elmton Derby 28th July 1846.

East Coanwood - Northumberland 28rh July 1846.

Dippenhall Southampton 29th July 1846 *

Evenjobb - Radnor 2.5th August 1846.

Went nor Salop 11th September 1846 *

Buckland St. Mary Somerset 11th September 1846.

Brough and Shatton Derby 11th September 1846.

Common.

Whitrigg Marsh Cumberland 23d September 1846 *

Norbury Hill Salop 25th November 1846.

Wisliaw, Upper and Lower Warwick 3d December 1846.

Greens

Bordley Intack York 10th December 1846.

Netteswell Essex lOih December 1846.

East Cotham Common - York 10th December 1846.

Whitnush Warwick 23d December 1846.

Washington Commons - Sussex 8th January 1S47.

Goldington Bedford 8th January 1847.

Tadley Southamoton a 2Jd January 1847.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to purchase Land for Prisons in Ireland.

[11th May 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a new Prison should b« (" established in or near Dublin, for the Custody of con* ' victed criminal Offenders, and it may become necessary to establish similar Prisons in other Parts of Ireland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

1847. Priions (Ireland), Cap. 26. 888

the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of Public Commiwneri Works iu Ireland for the Time being shall be Commissioners for the Purpose of purchasing or providing, as herein-after men- c<Zm loners tioned, any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for providing that may be necessary for any such new Prison or Prisons, and s!rg fotC the Sites thereof, and the Premises to be occupied therewith, S^E<ui»lWb-and for erecting thereon suitable Buildings, and for repairing, m«it of new-enlarging, improving, upholding, and furnishing the same from Time to Time. n

II. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act the Comm^ioners said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the Time being, and their Successors, shall be a Corporation, by the a c^r^uon Name or Style of "The Commissioners of Public Works in for the Pur-Ireland and by that Name, for the Purposes of this Act, shall P^*oftbi* have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, to be by them made and from Time to Time altered as they shall think fit, and shall and may sue and be sued, plead or be impleaded, in all Courts, and before all Justices and others, and in that Capacity shall be deemed Promoters of the Undertaking authorized to be executed by this Act,

III. And be it enacted, That in order to enable the said Power to Com* Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to purchase and pIMj?n^0£8 provide the Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to^urchajwor which may be required for any such Prison and the Site thereof, rent Buildings, the said Commissioners, with the Approval and under the Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may con- squired for tract and agree with apy Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies such Prisons. Corporate, for the Purchase or renting of any Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments required for any such Prison or the Site thereof, and the Premises to be occupied therewith, and also for the Purchase of any subsisting Leases, Terms,

Estates, or Interests therein or Charges thereon; and the Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so contracted and agreed for shall be conveyed, assigned, or demised to or in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct.

IV. And be it enacted, That in order to enable the said Lands Clause* Commissioners of Public Works to purchase and provide the Consolidation said Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, the

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, except the Clauses with this Act with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise "ith certain than by Agreement, shall be incorporated with this Act; Pro- ^P*100*-yided always, that all things by the said Act required or authorized to be done by the Promoters of the Undertaking may be done by any Two of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, subject to the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in the Cases provided by this Act

V. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of building any Commissioners

such Prison the said Commissioners of Public Works, it they ob.

shall be so directed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty* tain Surreys,

Treasury, Plans, and

L.

Specifications, and send the same to the Trc-asury* for their Approval.

Commissioners of Public Works to make up Accounts, and send the same to the Treasury as often as required.

Provisions of 1 & 2 W.4. c. 33. as to Proceedings in Actions by and against the Commissioners of Public Works extended to Actions, &c. under this Act.

Cap. 26. Prisons (Ireland). 10 VICT#

Treasury, may employ any competent Surveyor or Architect to make a Survey and Estimate of the proposed Work, and to prepare such Plan, Section, or Specification thereof as may be necessary, and send the same to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for their Approval; and if the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fit to authorize the Work specified in any such Plan, Section, or Specification, or any Modification thereof which they may think proper to be undertaken, they shall by their Warrant direct the said Commissioners of Public Works to execute such Work, at and for an Amount not exceeding a Sum to be specified in such Warrant; and the said Commissioners of Public Works shall, upon Receipt of such Warrant, cause the Work mentioned therein to be executed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Public Works shall cause Accounts in Writing of the several Sums received by them as such Commissioners for the Pur-

?)ses of this Act, and the Sums expended by them for such urposes, and the Manner of such Expenditure, to be made up to the Thirty-first Day of December in each Year, or to such other Day as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct; and the said Commissioners shall, as often as they shall be required so to do by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, send the said Accounts to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, who may give such Directions as they shall think proper, defining the Duties of the said Commissioners of Public Works in the Execution of this Act, and the said Commissioners of Public Works shall observe all such Directions as aforesaid which shall from Time to Time be signified to them by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

VII. And be it enacted, That the several Enactments contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, which affect or relate to any Action or Suit to be commenced against the Commissioners for the Execution of the last-recited Act, or any Person or Persons, for any thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of the last-recited Act, or any Proceedings in any such Action or Suit, or any Limitation of Time for the Commencement thereof, or any Costs thereof, or any Evidence to be given therein, or any Notice of Action or Suit, or Satisfaction, or Tender thereof, or any Action or Suit to be commenced by the said Commissioners, or any Proceedings therein, or any Abatement or Discontinuance of any such Action or Suit, or to the Court in which or to the Terms or Conditions on which any such Action or Suit shall be brought against the said Commissioners, collectively or individually, shall, so far as the same are applicable, be held to apply to and extend to any Action or Suit to be commenced against the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, or any Person or Persons, for any

184?* Prisons (Ireland). Cap. 26, 27* 107

thing done by virtue of or in pursuance of or on account of this Act, or to any Proceedings in or relating to any such Action or Suit.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may bm repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. mmended»

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making and improving of Harbours, Docks, and Piers.

[11th May 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in One Act sundry Provisions usually contained in Acts of Parliament authorizing the Construction or improving of Harbours,

Docks, and Piers, and that as well for avoiding the Necessity

of repeating such Provisions in each of the several Acts re-

lating to such Undertakings as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall extend only to such Harbours, Docks, Extent of Act or Piers as shall be authorized by any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith; and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by any such Act, shall apply to the Undertaking authorized thereby, so far as they are applicable to such Undertaking, and shall, with the Clauses of every other Act incorporated therewith, form Part of such Act, and be construed therewith as forming One Act.

And with respect to the Construction of this Act and any Interpretations Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows: 10 thl$ Act *

II. The Expression " the special Act" used in this Act shall special Act:" be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed authorizing the Construction or improving of an Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and with which this Act shall be incorporated; and the Word "prescribed," used in this Act in reference to any Matter "prescribed:" herein 6tated, shall be construed to refer to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the special Act, and the Sentence in which such Word occurs shall be construed as i£ instead of the Word "prescribed," the Expression "prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act " had been used; and the Expression "the prescribed Limits," used with refe- «the prescribed fence to the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, shall mean the Distance Limits:" measured from the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or other local Limits (if any) beyond the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, within which the Powers of the Harbour Master, Dock Master, or Pier Master, for the Regulation of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, shall by the special Act be authorized to be exercised; and the

Expression

ns

" th# Lands

" the Harbour, Dock, of Pier i1 *

" the Harbour Master

" the Undertakers

Interpretations in this and the special Act.

Number:

Gender:

" Person u Lands " Vessel: *

« Master:"

" Owner

" Goods: *

« Rate: *

the Collector of Rates:"

" Month

Cap. 57. Harbours, Pools, and Piers Clauses. 10 Vict.

Expression " the Lands" shall mean the Lands which shall by the special Act be authorized to be taken or used for the Purposes thereof; the Expression " the Harbour, Dock, or Pier" shall mean the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and the Works connected therewith, by the special Act authorized to be constructed; the Expression " the Harbour Master " shall mean, with reference to any such Harbour the Harbour Master, and with reference to any such Dock the Dock Master, and with reference to any such Pier the Pier Master, respectively appointed by virtue of this or the special Act, and with respect to all Acts authorized or required to be done by such Harbour Master, Dock Master, or Pier Master, shall include the Assistants of every such Har-hour Master, Dock Master, or Pier Master; and the Expression " the Undertakers" shall mean the Persons by the special Act authorized to construct the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or otherwise carry into effect the Purposes of the special Act with reference thereto.

III. The following Words and Expressions, in both this and the special Act and any Act incorporated therewith, shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number only shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number only shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender only shall include Females:

The Word " Person " shall include Corporation, whether aggregate or sole:

The Word " Lands" shall include Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Heritages of any Tenure: The Word " Vessel" shall include Ship, Boat, Lighter, and Craft of every Kind, and whether navigated by Steam or otherwise t

The Word " Master," when used in relation to any Vessel, shall be understood to mean the Person having the Command or Charge of the Vessel for the Time being:

The Word u Owner" when used in relation to Goods, shall be understood to include any Consignor, Consignee, Shipper, or Agent for Sale or Custody of such Goods, as well as the Owner thereof:

The Word " Goods " shall include Wares and Merchandize of every Description, and all Articles in respect of which Rates or Duties are payable under the special Act:

The Word " Rate" shall mean any Rate or Duty or other Payment in the Nature thereof payable under the special Act:

The Expression " the Collector of Rates H shall mean the Person appointed by the Undertakers to collect the RAtee by the special Act authorized to be levied by them, and shall include the Assistants of such Collector:

The Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month:

The

fW

. 184?. Harbour *, Dock *, and Pier* Clan* Cap. 27 *

The Expression u Superior Courts," where the Matter sub- "Superior mitted to the Cognizance of the Superior Courts arises in Court* i*' England or Ireland, shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Court of Pleas of the County of Durham, and where such Matter arises in Scotland, shall mean the Court of Session:

The Word " Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Case of "Oath:" Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word u County " shall include any Riding or other " County Division of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace, and in Scotland shall include Stewartry, and any Ward or other Division of a County or Stewartry having a separate Sheriff, and shall also include County of a City and County of a Town:

The Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting Juitiott" for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises, and where such Matter arises in respect of Lands situate not wholly in any one Jurisdiction, shall mean a Justice acting for the Place where any Part of such Lands shall be situate; and where any Matter shall be authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, the Expression " Two Justices " shall be understood to mean Two or more Justices met and acting together:

The Word " Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff Depute of the Sheriff:" County or Ward of a County in Scotland, and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Scotland, in which the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Sheriff arises, and shall include the Substitute of such Sheriff Depute and Steward Depute respectively:

The Expression " Quarter Sessions" shall mean Quarter " Quarter Sessions as defined in the special Act; and if such Expres- S*810119^ sion be not there defined, it shall mean the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held at the Place nearest to the Situation of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier for the County or Place in which the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or the principal Office thereof, is situate, or for some Division of such County having a separate Commission of the Peace:

The Expression " the Lords of the Admiralty" shall mean Lords of the the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Admiralty." Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

And with respect to citing this Act, or any Part thereof, be CUinp the Act. it enacted as follows: — *" *

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in sl)ort Title of legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression lhw Act *

* The Harbours, Docks* and Piers Clauses Act* 1847."

V. For

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. 10 Vict.

Form ln which V. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act aT!* beth'* ftny hereafter to be passed it shall be enough to incorporated in describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in other Acta. the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act, and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of such Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

Construction of Harbour, Dock, or Pier.

Construction of Harbour, Dock, or Pier to b subject to ilie Provisions of this Act and One of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts.

Errors and Omissions in Plans, &c may be corrected by Justicer# &c. who shall certify the same.

And with respect to the Construction of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, be it enacted as follows:

VI. Where by the special Act the Undertakers shall be empowered, for the Purpose of constructing the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, to take or use any Lands otherwise than with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, they shall, in exercising the Power so given to them, be subject, if the Harbour, Dock, or Pier be situate in England or Ireland, to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this Act and in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and if the Harbour, Dock, or Pier be situated in Scotland to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this and in the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; and the Undertakers shall make to the Owners and Occupiers of and all other Parties interested in any Lands taken or used for the Purposes of this or the special Act, or injuriously affected by the Construction of the Works thereby authorized, full Compensation for the Value of the Lands so taken or used, and for all Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Parties by reason of the Exercise as regards such Lands of the Powers vested in the Undertakers by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, and, except where otherwise provided by this or the special Act, the Amount of such Compensation shall be ascertained and determined in the Manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts for determining Questions of Compensation with regard to Lands purchased or taken under the Provisions thereof, and all the Provisions of the last-mentioned Acts shall be applicable to determining the Amount of any such Compensation, and to enforcing the Payment or other Satisfaction thereof.

VII. If any Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description shall have been made of any Lands, or of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of any Lands described on the Plans or Books of Reference relating to the Harbour, Dock, or Pier deposited in compliance with the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament, or in the Schedule to the special Act, the Undertakers, after giving Ten Days Notice to the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands affected by such proposed Correction, may apply, in England or Ireland, to Two Justices, and in Scotland

to

i

301

Harbours, Docks 9 and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

to the Sheriff, for the Correction thereof; and if it appear to such Justices or Sheriff that such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description arose from Mistake, they shall certify the same accordingly, and they shall in such Certificate state the Particulars of any such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description; and such Certificate shall, along with the other Documents to which it relates, be deposited, in England and Ireland, with the Clerk of the Peace of the several Counties in which the Lands affected by such Alteration are situate, and in Scotland with the Sheriff Clerk of such Counties and with the Schoolmasters of the several Parishes in which such Lands are situate, and with the Town Clerk if such Lands be situate in a Royal Burgh; and thereupon such Plan, Book of Reference, or Schedule shall be deemed to be corrected according to such Certificate; and the Undertakers may make the Works in accordance with such Certificate, as if such Omission, Misstatement, or wrong Description had not been made.

VIII. The Undertakers shall not commence the Execution of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier unless they shall have previously deposited with the said Clerks of the Peace in England and Ireland, and with the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, of every County in which the Harbour, Dock, or Pier is situate, a Plan and Section of all such Alterations from the original Plan and Section as shall have been approved of by Parliament, on the same Scale, and containing the same Particulars as the original Plan and Section, and shall also have deposited with the Parish Clerks of the several Parishes in England, and the Clerks of the Unions of the Parishes in Ireland, and the Schoolmasters of the several Parishes and the Town Clerk of any Royal Burgh in Scotland in which such Alterations shall have been authorized to be made, Copies or Extracts of or from such Plans and Sections as shall relate to such Parishes and Royal Burghs respectively.

IX. The said Clerks of the Peace, Sheriff Clerks, Parish Clerks, Clerks of Unions, Schoolmasters, and Town Clerks shall receive the said Plans and Sections of Alterations, and Copies and Extracts thereof respectively, and shall retain the same as well as the said original Plans and Sections, and shall permit all Persons interested to inspect any of the Documents aforesaid, and to make Copies and Extracts of and from the same, in the like Manner and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided in the Case of the original Plans and Sections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament

X. True Copies of the said Plans and Books of Reference, or of any Alteration or Correction thereof, or Extract therefrom, certified by any such Clerk of the Peace or Sheriff Clerk, which Certificate such Clerk shall give to all Parties interested

Construction of Harbour, Hock, or Pier.

Certificate to be deposited.

Works not to be proceeded with until Plans of all Alterations authorized by Parliament have been deposited.

Clerks of the Peace, &c. to receive Plans of Alterations and allow Inspection.

7 W. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 83.

Copies of Plans, See. to be Evidence.

302

Comtruetion of Harbour, Dock, or jftrer.

No Deviation beyond the Limits defined upon Plans.

Works on the Shore of the Sea, &c., not to be constructed without the Authority of the Commissioners of Woods, &c. and of the Admiralty.

Before Alterations in Plans are executed, to be approved

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. 10 Vict.

when required, shall be received in all Courts of Justice or elsewhere as Evidence of the Contents thereof.

XI. The Undertakers in making the Harbour, Dock, or Pier shall not deviate from the Line of the Works laid down in the said Plans more than the prescribed Number of Yards, and where no Number of Yards is prescribed not more than Ten Yards, nor in any Case to any greater Extent than the Line of lateral Deviation described in the said Plans with respect to such Harbour, Dock, or Pier, nor take or use for the Purpose of such Deviation the Lands of any Person not mentioned in the Books of Reference, without his previous Consent in Writing, unless the Name of such Person have been omitted by Mistake, and the Fact that such Omission proceeded from Mistake have been certified in manner herein-before provided.

XII. The Undertakers shall not construct the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or any Part thereof, or any Works connected therewith, on any Part of the Shore of the Sea, or of any Creek, Bay, Arm of the Sea, or navigable River communicating therewith, where and so far up the same as the Tide flows and reflows, without the previous Consent of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be signified in Writing under the Hands of Two of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and of the Lords of the Admiralty, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and then only according to such Plan and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and the said Lords of the Admiralty approve of, such Approval being signified as last aforesaid; and where any such Work shall have been constructed with such Consent as aforesaid, the Undertakers shall not at any Time alter or extend the same, without obtaining, previously to making any such Alteration or Extension, the like Consents or Approvals; and if any such Work shall be commenced or completed without such Consent and Approval, the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, or the said Lords of the Admiralty, may abate and remove the same, and restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Costs of the Undertakers, and the Amount of such Costs shall be a Debt due to the Crown, and recoverable against the Undertakers accordingly: Provided always, that if the Conservancy of the navigable River shall legally belong to any Person the like Consent and Approval of such Person shall also be necessary, in addition to the Consents and Approvals herein-before required; and if the Right of Property of or in the Shore shall legally belong to any Person, such Right shall not be prejudiced except so far as Power to purchase the same shall be given by the special Act.

XIII. If the Undertakers propose to make any Deviations from or Alterations in the Plans of their Works, deposited as aforesaid, they shall, before adopting and carrying such Deviations

1847.

303

Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

ations or Alterations into execution, submit the Plans thereof of.by the Ad-to the Lords of the Admiralty, and also to the said Commis- commisSraw* sioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, of Woods, &c. Works, and Buildings; and no Deviations from or Alterations in the deposited Plans shall be adopted by the Undertakers unless approved by the Lords of the Admiralty or the said Commissioners respectively, signified in manner aforesaid, or otherwise as they shall think proper.

And with respect to the Construction of Works for the Accommodation Accommodation of the Officers of Customs, be it enacted as Hol^om^ers follows: —

XIV. The Undertakers, before they shall be entitled to take Undertakers to any Rates in respect of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, if required *, r0Cu^YndCh so to do by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, or Boat-house for at any Time thereafter when so required, shall erect on a suit- Custom House able Spot within or near the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, and always thereafter in repair, maintain, a Watch-house and Boat-house for the Use of the Tide Surveyors of the Customs and their Crew, of such Size and Materials and in such Manner as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners, and shall also, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, provide from Time to Time a sufficient Number of Huts for the Use of the Officers of Revenue, with all fit and necessary Weighing Materials; and shall at all Times keep such Watch-house, Boat-house, Huts, and Weighing Materials in good and sufficient Repair.

XV. If at any Time such Watch-house or Boat-house or such Huts or Weighing Materials shall be out of repair, or not pro- negi^unJ^ vided as required by the said Commissioners, and Notice thereof repair Watch-be given to the Undertakers, they shall repair or provide the house, 8tc. same to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners within Three Months after such Notice, or in default thereof shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every Month during which such Watch-house, Boat-house, Huts, or Weighing Materials shall continue out of repair or be not provided, such Penalty to be recovered in any of the Superior Courts against the Undertakers as a Debt due to the Crown, and to be sued for by any Officer of Customs, by the Direction of the said Commissioners.

And with respect to Life-boats, be it enacted as follows: Lift-boat$.

XVI. Unless it be provided by the special Act that the Life-boats, &c. Undertakers need not provide Life-boats, the Undertakers, be- *° ^rov^e<1 fore they shall be entitled to take any Rates in respect of the y n ert m Harbour, Dock, or Pier, shall provide and always thereafter maintain in good Repair an efficient and well-appointed Lifeboat, a Martby*s Mortar, and a sufficient Supply of Carte's Rockets, or such other Mortar and Rockets as the Lords of the Admiralty, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall approve of, with all necessary Tackle, and a

U 2 competent

1

10 Vict.

Life-boats.

Penalty for not providing Lifeboat, &c.

Tide Gauge, §*c.

A self-registering Tide Gauge and Barometer to be provided by Undertakers.

Penalty for not providing Tide Gauge, &c.

Warehouses and

Cranes.

Power to purchase additional Land required for extraordinary Purposes.

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses.

competent Crew and proper Persons for the effectual Working thereof for the Assistance and Succour of Vessels in distress; and the Undertakers shall cause such Life-boat, Mortar, and Rockets to be stationed at or upon the most advanced Works of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or such other Place as the Lords of the Admiralty shall approve of as aforesaid, and to be used on all necessary Occasions.

XVII. The Undertakers shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds for every Twenty-four Hours during which the said Life-boat, Mortar, and Rockets, or any of them, or the Tackle belonging thereto, shall not be provided or maintained and stationed as aforesaid.

And with respect to keeping a Tide and Weather Gauge, be it enacted as follows:

XVIII. Unless it be provided by the special Act that the Undertakers need not provide a Tide or Weather Gauge, the Undertakers, before they shall be entitled to take any Rates in respect of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, shall provide, and always thereafter maintain in good Repair and working Order, in a proper Part of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and in such Manner as the Lords of the Admiralty shall by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty approve of, an efficient self-registering Tide Gauge, with a Barometer, and they shall cause the daily Working and Results of the said Tide Gauge and Barometer, and a daily Account of the State of the Wind and Weather, to be regularly and properly kept, and shall cause the full and true Results and Details thereof to be sent monthly to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

XIX. The Undertakers shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds for every Twenty-four Hours during which the said self-registering Tide Gauge and Barometer shall not be provided or maintained, or such Account of the Wind and Weather shall not be kept as aforesaid; and they shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Month they shall neglect or refuse to send as aforesaid to the Secretary of the Admiralty a full and true Account of the daily Workings of the said Tide Gauge and Barometer, and of the daily State of the Wind and Weather.

And with respect to the Construction of Warehouses, Wharfs, and other Conveniences, be it enacted as follows:

XX. The Undertakers, in addition to the Lands authorized to be compulsorily taken by them under the Powers of the special Act, may contract with any Party willing to sell the same for the Purchase of any Lands adjoining or near to the Undertaking for extraordinary Purposes; (that is to say,)

For making and providing additional Yards, Wharfs, and Places for receiving, depositing, and loading or unloading Goods, and for the Erection of Weighing Machines, Tofl Houses, Offices, Warehouses, Sheds, and other Buildings and Conveniences:

305

Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

For making convenient Roads to the Harbour, Dock, or Warehouses Pier, or any other Purpose which may be requisite or con- amdm Cranei-venient for the Formation or Use thereof.

XXI. The Undertakers may, as well upon the said Lands Power to.con-a8 upon any other Lands acquired by them unde/the Provisions of this and the special Act, construct such Warehouses, Store- other8Works, houses. Sheds, and other Buildings and Works as they may deem necessary for the Accommodation of Goods shipped or unshipped within the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and may erect or provide such Cranes, Weighing and other Machines, Conveniences, Weights, and Measures as they think necessary for loading, unloading, measuring, and weighing such Goods.

XXII. The Undertakers or their Lessees shall provide Undertakers to

proper Servants and Labourers for working such Cranes at all hlre prsons 10 reasonable Times for the Use of the Public. Wor rane *

XXIII. The Undertakers may lease or grant the Use or Power to lease Occupation of any Warehouses, Buildings, Wharfs, Yards, ^'^are* Cranes, Machines, dr other Conveniences provided by them for the Purposes of this or the special Act, at such Rents and upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be agreed upon between the Undertakers and the Persons taking the same, provided that no such Lease be granted for a longer Term than Three Years. %

XXIV. And with respect to the Quays, be it enacted, That Legal Quay to the Quays of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier shall not be deemed by

to be legal Quays for the shipping and unshipping of Goods £ reasui7, until the same have been approved of by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs respectively for that Purpose; and such Quays, and the Use thereof, shall be subject to all the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions to which legal or lawful Quays are or may be by Law subject.

And with respect to the Rates to be taken by the Under- Rates.

takers, be it enacted as follows: -

XXV. Except where it is otherwise provided by the special Rates not to Act the Undertakers shall not take any Rate until the Harbour,

Dock, or Pier in respect of the Use of which the same is pay- s>, aii be com. able is completed and fit for the Reception of Vessels, or other pleted. the Purpose for which the same is intended.

XXVI. A Certificate under the Hand of the Chairman of Certificate of the Quarter Sessions in England or Ireland, and of the Sheriff 10

in Scotland, shall be conclusive Evidence that the Harbour, that thVlUr. Dock, or Pier is completed and fit for the Reception of Vessels, hour, &c. is or other the Purpose intended, and such Chairman or Sheriff comPlpt©d. shall sign such Certificate on Proof being adduced to him of such Completion and Fitness.

XXVII. For the Purpose of ascertaining the Tonnage Rates Tonnage of payable upon Vessels under this or the special Act, the Tonnage to

of British Vessels duly registered according to Law shall be bJ ascertained ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Register according to of such Vessels, and the Tonnage of all other Vessels shall be ^islccoid-

10 Vict.

ng to established Rules.

Exemption of Vessels in Her Majesty's Service, &c. from Rates.

Vessels returning from Stress of Weather not to pay Rates .igain.

Power to vary the Rates from Time to Time.

As to the Rates on Foreign Vessels where Treaties of Reciprocity exist.

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses.

ascertained according to the Rules of Admeasurement for the Time being established by Law for regulating the Admeasurement of the Tonnage and Burden of the Merchant Shipping of the United Kingdom.

XXVIII. Nothing in this or the special Act contained shall extend to charge with Rates or Duties, or to regulate or subject to any Control, any Vessel belonging to or employed in the Service of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, or any Member of the Royal Family, or in the Service of the Customs or Excise, or of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, or the Commissioners of Northern Lights, using the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and not conveying Goods for Hire, or any Packet Boat or Post Office Packet, being a Packet Boat or Post Office Packet as defined under the Provisions of any Act relating to the Post Office, or any Post Office Bag of Letters conveyed by any such Packet Boat or Packet, or by any other Vessel whatsoever, or any of the Officers or Persons employed in the Service of the Admiralty, Ordnance, Customs, Excise, or Post Office, or their Baggage, or any Vessel or Goods being under Seizure by the Officers of Revenue, or any Naval, Victualling, or Ordnance Stores, or other Stores or Goods for the Service of or being the Property of Her Majesty, or any Troops landed upon or delivered pr disembarked from any of the Quays of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or their Baggage, but all such Vessels, Officers, or Persons as aforesaid shall have the free Use of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier without any Charge or Rate being made for using the same: Provided always, that if any Person claim and take the Benefit of any such Exemption as aforesaid without being entitled thereto he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIX. If any Vessel for which the Rates have been paid be obliged, from Stress of Weather or other sufficient Cause, after leaving the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, to return with the same Cargo, the Rates so paid shall not again be payable in respect of such Vessel.

XXX. The Undertakers may from Time to Time vary the Rates or any of them respectively in such Manner as they think expedient, by reducing or raising the same, provided that the Rates do not in any Case exceed the Amount authorized by the special Act to be taken, and provided also that the Rates be at all Times charged equally to all Persons in respect of the same Description of Vessel and the same Description of Goods.

XXXI. Provided always, That the Rates chargeable by this or the special Act upon Vessels not entitled to the Privileges of a British Ship, or upon Goods imported or exported in such Vessel, or upon Persons not being British Subjects, shall not be applicable to Vessels belonging to Countries with which Treaties of Reciprocity shall have been concluded, so long as such Treaties shall continue in force, nor to the Goods imported or exported therein, nor to the Subjects of such Countries, but during such Period the same Rates shall be levied upon the Vessels of such Countries, and upon the Goods imported or

exported

1847.

307

Harbours, Dorks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

exported therein, and upon the Subjects of each Countries, as may be from Time to Time payable under this or the special Act upon Vessels entitled to the Privileges of British Ships, or upon (roods imported or exported in such Vessels, or upon the Subjects of such Countries.

XXXII. The Undertakers may from Time to Time agree with the Proprietors or Masters of Vessels engaged in transporting Passengers, or with any other Persons using the Dock, Harbour, or Pier, either for Purposes of Business or Pleasure, for the Payment of a fixed Sum, payable in advance, as a Composition, by the Year or other shorter Period, for the Rates payable by Or in respect of such Passengers or their Luggage, or by such other Persons as aforesaid: Provided always, that if the Undertakers at any Time make any such Agreement by way of Composition as aforesaid, the Proprietors or Masters of all other Vessels engaged in like Manner, and all other Persons using or frequenti ig the Harbour, Dock, or Pier as aforesaid, may compound for the Rates payable by them respectively upon the like Terms as shall be contained in such Agreement, and the Undertakers shall accept such Composition accordingly, to the Intent that such Rates may not be compounded for partially or in favour of any particular Person or Party whatsoever.

XXXIII. Upon Payment of the Rates made payable by tins and th*e special Act, and subject to the other Provisions thereof, the Harbour, Dock, and Pier shall be open to all Persons for the shipping and unshipping of Goods and the embarking and landing of Passengers.

And with respect to the Collection and Recovery of Rates, be it enacted as follows:

XXXIV. The Collector of Rates may, either alone or with any other Persons, liter into any Vessel within the Limits of* the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, in order to ascertain the Rates payable in respect of such Vessel, or of any Goods therein.

XXXV. With . Twenty-four Hours after the Arrival within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier of any Vessel liable to Rates, the Master of such Vessel shall report such Arrival to the Harbour Minster, and if he fail to make such Report within the Time aforesaid he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXVI. The Master of every registered Vesse l shall, on Demand, produce the Certificate of the Registry of such Vessel to the Collector of Rates, and if any such Master refuse or neglect to make such Production, on Demand, he shall la* liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXXVII. When any Goods arc intended to be unshipped within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, the Master of the Vessel containing such Goods shall, within Twelve Honrs after the Arrival of such Vessel within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, deliver to the Collector of Rates, the Name of the Consignee of the Goods intended to be unshipped, or other Person to whom the same are to be delivered, and, if


Rates,

Power to compound for Tolls payable in respect of Passenger or, Pleasure Vessels.

Harbour, Dock, and Pier free to the Public on Payment of Rate.

Collection of Rates,

Collector may enter Vessels to ascertain Rates payable.

Master to report Arrival of Vessel.

Penalty for Neglect.

Master of Vessel to produce Certificate of Registry.

Masters of Vessels to give Accounts of Goods intended to be unshipped within the Limits. &c.

Collection of Rate*,

Penalty on Masters giving no Account, or a false Account, of Goods to be unshipped.

Shippers to give an Account of Goods intended to be shipped.

In case of Dispute between Collector and Master, See. Goods to be weighed or measured.

As to the Expences of weighing or measuring Goods.

Rates on Goods when payable.

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. 10 Vict.

the whole Cargo be intended to be unshipped, a Copy of the BD1 of Lading or Manifest of the Cargo, or, if Part only of the Cargo be intended to be unshipped, the best Account in Writing in his Power of the Kinds, Weights, and Quantities of the several Goods intended to be unshipped; and every such Master shall, if required so to do by the Collector of Rates, give to him Twelve Hours Notice of the Time at which the Cargo of such Vessel, or any Part of the same, is intended to be unshipped.

XXXVIII. Every Master of a Vessel of which the Caigo or Part of the Cargo shall be unshipped within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, who shall have failed to deliver or to give any of the Particulars in regard to the Cargo or the Notice in regard to the Un shipment thereof herein-before required to be delivered or given by such Master, or who shall deliver or give any false Particulars or Notice, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXIX. Before any Person shall ship any Goods on board of any Vessel lying within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, he shall give to the Collector of Rates a true Account, signed by him, of the Kinds, Quantities, and Weights of such Goods; and every Person who shall ship any Goods in any such Vessel, without having given such Accounts, or who shall give or sign a false Account of such Goods, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XL. If any Difference arise between the Collector of the Rates and the Master of any Vessel or the Owner of any Goods, concerning the Weight or Quantities of the Goods in respect of which any Rates are payable, such Collector may cause all such Goods to be weighed or measured, and, if necessary, may detain the Vessel containing such Goods until they have been weighed or measured.

XLI. If the Weight or Quantity of such Goods be greater than that shown by the Manifest, Bill of Lading, Account, or Statement delivered by the Master of the Vessel or by the Owner of the Goods, the Expences of such weighing or measuring shall be paid to the Undertakers, and shall be recoverable by the same Means as are herein or in the special Act provided for the Recovery of Rates; but if the Weight or Quantity of such Goods be the same or less than that shown by the Manifest, Bill of Lading, Account, or Statement so delivered, the Undertakers shall pay all the Expences of such weighing or measuring, and shall also pay to the Master of the Vessel or to the Owner of the Goods all the Expences occasioned by such weighing or measuring, or by the Detention of the Vessel for that Purpose.

XLII. The Rates payable to the Undertakers in respect of any Goods shipped or unshipped within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier shall be paid as follows; (that is to say,) if such Goods are to be shipped they shall be paid before the Shipment, or if such Goods are to be unshipped they shall be paid before the Removal of the Goods from the Premises of the

Undertakers,

1847. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27. 309

Undertakers, and before the Expiration of Two Months next Collection of after they were unshipped. Rates.

XLIII. If the Master of any Vessel or the Owner of any penalty on Goods evade the Payment of the Rates payable to the Under- evading Pay-takers in respect of such Vessel or Goods, or any Part thereof, mcnl of Ratc#-he shall pay to them Three Times the Amount of the Rates of which he shall so have evaded the Payment, and the same shall be recovered from such Master or Owner respectively in the same Manner as Penalties imposed by this Act are directed to be recovered, or by Action in any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

XLIV. If the Master of any Vessel in respect of which any Recovery of Rate is payable to the Undertakers refuse or neglect to pay Tonnage Rates the same, or any Part thereof, the Collector of Rates may, with ship^and* such Assistance as he may deem necessary, go on board of such Tackle. 'Vessel and demand such Rates, and on Nonpayment thereof, or of any Part thereof, take, distrain, or arrest, of his own Autho- . rity, such Vessel, and the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, and detain the Matters so distrained or arrested until the Rates are paid; and in case any of the said Rates shall remain unpaid for the Space of Seven Days next after any Distress or Arrestment so made, the said Collector may cause the Matters so distrained or arrested to be appraised by Two or more Sworn Appraisers, and afterwards cause the Matters distrained or arrested, or any Part thereof, to be sold, and with the Proceeds of such Sale may satisfy the Rates so unpaid, and the Expences of taking, keeping, appraising, and selling the Matters so distrained or arrested, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Master of such Vessel upon Demand.

XLV. If Default be made in the Payment of the Rates pay- Recovery of able in respect of any such Goods, the Collector of Rates may Rmtcs on Goods-distrain or arrest, of his own Authority, such Goods, and for that Purpose may enter any Vessel within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier in which the Goods may be, with such Assistance as he shall deem necessary, or if the said Goods have been removed without Payment of such Rates he may distrain or arrest any other Goods within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or the Premises of the Undertakers, belonging to the Person liable to pay such Rates, and may sell the Goods so distrained or arrested, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale pay the Rates due to the Undertakers, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner of such Goods, on Demand; or the Undertakers may recover such Rates by Action in any Court having competent Jurisdiction: Provided always, that the Collector of Rates shall, before making any such Distress or Arrestment as aforesaid, pay all Duties which may be payable to Her Majesty in respect of the Goods so distrained, or arrested, and he may retain the Amount of Duties so paid out of the Proceeds arising from the Sale of such Goods.

XLVI. If

Rates due, or _______0__________^ v__________ or Cb

ment, by virtue of this or the special Act, the Person making cMwnSfby°°"

any Dispute anse concerning the Amount of any Disputes con-the Oharores occasioned by any Distnpwi nr A rrpat.- cerning Rates

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. 10 VICT,

Distress to be settled by a Justice in England or Ireland, and in Scotland by the Sheriff.

such Distress or using such Arrestment may detain the Goods distrained or arrested until the Amount of the Rates due of the Charges of such Distress or Arrestment be ascertained by a Justice, if in England or Ireland, and by the Sheriff if in Scotland, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose^ shall determine the same, and award such Costs to be paid by either of the Parties to the other of them as lie shall think reasonable, and such Costs, if not paid on Demand, shall be levied by Distress or Poinding and Sale, and such Justice or Sheriff shall issue his Warrant accordingly.

List of Hates to be set up in large and legible

Characters.

XLVII. The Undertakers shall from Time to Time cause to be painted on Boards, or to be printed and altached.to Boards, in large and legible Characters, a List of the several Rates for the Time being payable, and shall cause such Boards containing such Lists to be fixed in front of the principal Office of Business of the Undertakers, and on some conspicuous Part of the Quays of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier; and no Rate shall be payable during such Time as such List is not so affixed, nor shall any Rate not specified in such List be payable: Provided always, that if any such List bo destroyed, injured, or obliterated, the Rates shall continue payable during such Time as may be reasonably required for the Restoration or Reparation of such List, in the same Manner as if such List had continued affixed and in the State required by this Act.

Collector of XLVIII. The Collector or other proper Officer of Her Customs may Majesty's Customs for the District within which the Harbour, Clearance^o Dock, or Pier is situate may, with the Consent of the Commis-any Vessel until sioners of Her Majesty's Customs, refuse to receive any Entry the Rates paid. or give any Cocquet, Discharge, or Clearance, or to take any Report inwards or outwards of any Vessel liable to the Payment of any of the Rates imposed by the special Act, until the Master of such Vessel produces to such Collector or Officer a Certificate, under the Hand of the Collector of Rates, that the Rates payable in respect of such Vessel, and any Goods imported or exported by such Vessel, have been paid, or, if there be any Dispute as to the Rates payable, until such Collector or Officer shall be satisfied that sufficient Security has been given for the Payment of such Rates when ascertained, together with the Expences arising from the Nonpayment thereof.

Account of Rates.

And with respect to the Accounts to be kept of the Rates, and of the Vessels in respect of which they arc payable, be it enacted as follows:

Undertakers to keep Account of Rates and Vessels, &c.

XLIX. The Undertakers shall keep Books of Account, in which shall be entered the several Sums received by or payable to them for Rates in respect of Vessels, the Tonnage of each Vessel for which such Rates are received or payable, the Name of the Master thereof, the Port to which such Vessel belongs, the Place from which on each Occasion such Vessel arrived, and the Place to which on each Occasion such Vessel is bound, and also the several Sums received by or payable to them in respect of

1847. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

of the Goods landed from or taken on board every Vessel within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier.

L. The Undertakers shall every Year cause an annual Account in abstract to be prepared, showing the total Receipt and Expenditure of all Monies levied by virtue of this or the special Act, for the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of December or some other convenient Day in each Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with a Statement of the Balanoe of such Account duly audited and certified by the Clerk or Secretary for the Time being of the Undertakers, and shall send a Copy of the said Account, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Peace in England and Ireland, and the Sheriff* Clerk in Scotland, for the County or of the Counties respectively, if more than One, in which the Harbour, Dock, or Pier is situate, on or before the Expiration of One Month from the Day on which such Account shall end, which Accounts shall be open to the Inspection of the Public at all seasonable Hours, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection: Provided always, that if the Undertakers omit to prepare and send such Accounts as aforesaid, they shall forfeit for every such Omission the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

And with respect to the Appointment of Harbour Masters, Dock Masters, and Pier Masters, and their Duties, be it enacted as follows:

LI. The Undertakers may appoint such Harbour Masters as they think necessary (including in such Expression Dock Masters and Pier Masters, as herein-before defined), and from Time to Time, as often as they think fit, may remove any such Harbour Master.

LII. The Harbour Master may give Directions for all or any of the following Purposes; (that is to say,)

For regulating the Time at which and the Manner in which any vessel shall enter into, go out of, or lie in or at the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and within the prescribed Limits, if any, and its Position, mooring or unmooring, placing and removing, whilst therein:

For regulating the Position in which any Vessel shall take in or discharge its Cargo or any Part thereof, or shall take in or land its Passengers, or shall take in or deliver Ballast within or on the Harbour, Dock, or Pier:

For regulating the Manner in which any Vessel entering the Harbour or Dock or coming to the Pier shall be dismantled, as well for the Safety of such Vessel as for preventing Injury to other Vessels and to the Harbour, Dock% or Pier, and the Moorings thereof:

For removing unserviceable Vessels, and other Obstructions from the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and keeping the same clear: For regulating the Quantity of Ballast or dead Weight in the Hold which each Vessel in or at the Harbour, Dock, or Pier shall have during the Delivery of her Cargo, or after having discharged the same:

Provided

311

Jecount of Hates.

Annual Account to be prepared and transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace in England or Ireland, or to the Sheriff in Scotland.

Harbour, Dock, and Pier Master.

Appointment of Harbour, Dock, or Pier Master.

Powers of Harbour, Dock, or Pier Master.

Harbour, Dock, and Pier Matter.

Penalty on Shipmasters not complying with Directions of the Harbour Master.

Penalty on Harbour Master for Misbehaviour.

Penalty on offering Bribes to Dock Officers, and on Officers taking Bribes.

Harbour Master may remove Wrecks, &c.

Unserviceable Vessels to be altogether removed from Harbour.

Cap. 27. Harbour *, Docks, and Piers Clauses. 10 Vict.

Provided always, that nothing in this or the special Act contained shall authorize the Harbour Master to do or cause to be done any Act in any way repugnant to or inconsistent with any Law relating to the Customs, or any Regulation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs.

LIII. The Master of every Vessel within the Harbour or Dock, or at or near the Pier, or .within the prescribed Limits, if any, shall regulate such Vessel according to the Directions of the Harbour Master, made in conformity with this and the special Act; and any Master of a Vessel who, after Notice of any such Direction by the Harbour Master served upon him, shall not forthwith regulate such Vessel according to such Direction, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIV. If any Harbour Master, or any of his Assistants, without reasonable Cause, or in an unreasonable or unfair Manner, exercise any of the Powers or Authorities vested in the Harbour Master by this or the special Act, the Person so offending shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LV. If any Person give or offer any Sum of Money, or any thing whatsoever, by way of Reward or Bribe to any Harbour Master or any Officer employed in or about the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, for the Purpose of gaining an undue Preference in the Execution of his Office, or for the Purpose of inducing such Harbour Master or other Officer to do or omi j to do any thing relating to his Office, or if such Harbour Master or other Officer receive any such Reward or Bribe as aforesaid, every Person ro offending shall be liable for every such Offence to a Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

LVI. The Harbour Master may remove any Wreck or other Obstruction to the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or the Approaches to the same, and also any floating Timber which impedes the Navigation thereof, and the Expence of removing any such Wreck, Obstruction, or floating Timber shall be repaid by the Owner of the same, and the Harbour Master may detain such Wreck or floating Timber for securing the Expences, and on Nonpayment of such Expences, on Demand, may sell such Wreck or floating Timber, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale pay such Expences, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner on Demand.

LVII. No Vessel which shall be laid by or neglected as unfit for Sea Service shall be permitted to lie within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, but the Harbour Master may cause every such Vessel to be, at the Expence of the Owner thereof, removed from the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and laid on any Part of the Strand or Sea Shore, or other Place where the same may, without Injury to any Person, be placed; and the Charges of removing or placing such Vessel may be recovered from the Owner of such Vessel by summary Complaint, in England or Ireland, before any Justice of the Peace,

313

Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

and in Scotland before the Sheriff; and in case of Refusal or Harb*r,

Neglect of Payment of such Charges for the Space of Seven J>oe^fy^Pigr

Days after having been awarded by such Justice or Sheriff, the __________ '

Harbour Master may levy such Charges by Distress and Sale or Poinding and Sale of such Vessel, or of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture thereof, or any Part thereof, and the Justice or Sheriff shall issue his Warrant accordingly.

LVIII. If the Maste* of any Vessel in or at the Harbour, Harbour Dock, or Pier, or within the prescribed Limits, if any, shall not Master

i r j. -rx. remove Vessel *

moor, unmoor, place, or remove the same according to the Direc- within Docks,

tions of the Harbour Master, or if there be no Person on board &c. of any such Vessel to attend to such Directions, the Harbour Master may cause such Vessel to be moored, unmoored, placed, or removed as he shall think fit, within or at the Harbour,

Dock, or Pier, or within the prescribed Limits, and for that Purpose the Harbour Master may cast off, unloose, or cut the Rope, or unshackle or break the Chain by which any such Vessel is moored or fastened; and all Expences attending the mooring, unmooring, placing, or removing of such Vessel shall be paid to the Undertakers by the Master of such Vessel: Provided always, that before the Harbour Master shall unloose or cut any Rope or unshackle or break any Chain by which any Vessel, without any Person on board to protect the same, shall be moored or fastened, he shall cause a sufficient Number of Persons to be put on board of such Vessel for the Protection of the same.

LIX. Before any Vessel shall enter the Harbour or Dock or Vessels enter-approach the Pier the Master thereof shall cause her to be dis- D^c^'bedi^ mantled as directed by the Harbour Master; and if any Vessel mantled a* Har-shall enter the Harbour or Dock or approach the Pier without bour Master being dismantled in the Manner required by the Harbour Master, Shall direct* after Notice shall have been given to the Master of such Vessel so to dismantle the same, such Master shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LX. Before any Vessel shall enter into the Dock the Master Vessel* to have of such Vessel shall cause her Sails to be lowered or furled; iJwewfwhen and if the Master of any Vessel shall navigate the same under entering and sail into or in the Dock he shall for every such Offence be liable navigating to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds. Dock *

LXI. Every Vessel in the Harbour or Dock or at or near Vessels to hate the Pier shall have substantial Hawsers, Towlines, and Fasts fixed to the Dolphins, Booms, Buoys, or mooring Posts, when 1 r *

required by the Harbour Master; and if any Vessel shall be in the Harbour or Dock or at or near the Pier without substantial Hawsers, Towlines, or Fasts fixed as aforesaid, after Notice from the Harbour Master to the Master of such Vessel to furnish or fix the same, such Master shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXII. Every Person other than the Harbour Master who Penalty for wil-shall wilfully cut, break, or destroy the Mooring or Fastening of any Vessel lying in the Harbour or Dock or at or near the

Pier

1

Harbour, Dock, and Pier Master,

Penalty on Vessels lying near the Entrance of Harbour or Dock without Permission.

Vessels may be removed for the Purpose of repairing Harbour or Dock.

Harbour Master may remove such Vessel if the Master thereof neglect or refuse so to do.

Discharge of Cargoes and Removal of Goods.

Delivery of Cargoes and placing of discharged Vessels.

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses, 10 Vict.

Pier shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXIII. As soon as the Harbour or Dock shall be so far

completed as to admit Vessels to enter therein, no Vessel, except with the Permission of the Harbour Master, shall lie or be moored in the Entrance of the Harbour or Dock, or within the prescribed Liini and if the Master of any Vessel either place it or suffer it to remain in the Entrance of 'be Harbour or Dock, or within the prescribed Limits, without such Permission, and do not, on being required so to do by the Harbour Master, forthw ith proceed to remove such Vessel, he .shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds* *nd a further Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Hour that such Vessel shall remain within the Limits aforesaid, after a reasonable Time fer removing the same has expired after such Requisition.

LXIV. Whenever the Undertakers shall deem it necessary, for the Purpose of repairing, scouring, or cleansing the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, that any Vessel lying therein or thereat shall be removed therefrom, the Master of such Vessel shall, within Three Days after Notice in Writing signed by the Harbour Master has been given to him, remove such Vessel according to such Notice; and in case of his neglecting so to do, such Master shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXV. If the Master o^ such Vessel cannot be found, or if lie neglect or refuse to remove the same, as required by the said Notice, the Harbour Master may remove such Vessel to such Station as he shall select, and the Expences of such Removal shall be paid to the Undertakers by the Owner of the said Vessel or the Master thereof: Provided always, that previous to the Repair of Harbour, Dock, or Pier which shall require the Removal of the Vessels therefrom, the Harbour Master shall give Three Days Notice of such Repair and of the Necessity for such Removal to the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the District within which the Harbour, Dock, or Pier is situate, or which shall be specified for that Purpose in the special Act, and cause a like Notice to be affixed on some conspicuous Part of such Custom House and of the Office of the Undertakers.

And with respect to the discharging of Vessels and the Removal of the Goods, be it enacted as follows:

LXVI. The Master of every Vessel which shall go into the Harbour or Dock for the Purpose of being discharged of her Cargo shall cause her to be so discharged as soon as conveniently may be after entering therein, and shall cause her, after being so discharged, to be removed, without Loss of Time, into such Part of the Harbour or Dock as shall be set apart for light Vessels, and the Harbour Master shall cause a Part of the Harbour or Dock to be set apart for light Vessels accordingly; and if the Master of any such Vessel shall not cause it to be so removed within Twenty-four Hours, after being required so to do by Notice in Writing signed by the Harbour Mastery he shall be

315

Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Harbour Master may cause such Vessel to be so removed, and the Expences of such Removal shall be paid to the Undertakers by the Master of such Vessel.

LXVII. If any Wharfinger or other Servant of the Undertakers, or any of their Lessees, or the Servants of such Lessees, shall give any undue Preference, or show any Partiality in loading or unloading any Goods on any of the Quays, Wharfs, or other Works belonging to the Undertakers, the Person so offending shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVIII. No Goods shall be allowed to remain upon any of the Piers or Quays or in the Approaches thereto for a longer Time than shall be allowed by the Bye Laws of the Undertakers; and if any Goods shall so remain without the Consent of the Undertakers the Harbour Master, or any Person appointed by the Undertakers for that Purpose, may remove the same to any of the Premises of the Undertakers or other convenient Place, and keep the same until Payment to the Undertakers of the Expences of such Removal, and of the keeping of the Goods; and if such Expences be not paid within Seven Days after Demand thereof made upon the Owner, or if no such Owner can be found, the Harbour Master may sell such Goods, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale pay such Expences, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner on Demand.

And with respect to the Protection of the Harbour, Dock, and Pier, and the Vessels therein, from Fire or other Injury, be it enacted as follows:

LXIX. Every Person being the Owner of or having the Charge of any Tar, Pitch, Resin, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Oil, or other combustible Thing which shall be upon any Quay, Dock, or Wharf belonging to the Undertakers, or on the Deck of any Vessel within the Harbour or Dock or at or near the Pier, shall cause the same to be removed to a Place of Safety within Two Hours after being required so to do by Notice in Writing, signed by the Harbour Master, and if he fail so to do shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Hour such combustible Thing shall remain in any such Place as aforesaid after the Expiration of Two Hours from the Service of the said Notice.

LXX. If any such combustible Thing as aforesaid shall remain on any Part of the Quays or Works connected with the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or on the Deck of any Vessel within the Harbour or Dock or at or near the Pier, after Sunset, the Owner or Person having the Charge of the same, or on hie Default the Harbour Master, at the Expence of such Owner, shall provide a sufficient Number of Persons to guard the same from Half an Hour before Sunset to Half an Hour after Sunrise; and such Expence, if not paid by the said Owner to the Undertakers, on Demand, shall be ascertained and recovered in the same Manner as Damages for the Recovery of which no

special

Ditchargt of Cargoet and Removal of Goode.

Penalty on Wharfingers giving undue Preference.

Goods may be removed from the Quays, &c. after lying there longer than allowed by Bye Laws.

Protection of the Harbour, Dockland , Pier.

Combustible Matter on Quays, &c. to be removed .;

Combustibles to be guarded during the Night.

10 Vict.

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses.

Protfiwm of gpedai Provision is made are by this Act directed to be ascer-

tht (arbour, r J

Do& and tamed and recovered.

Pier.

Penalties against Of* fences herein* named: Boiling or heating Pitch, &c.

Fires in Vessels.

Fires within Docks.

Loaded Guns.

Gunpowder.

LXXI. Every Person who shall commit any of the Acts following shall be deemed guilty of an Offence, and shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds; (that is to say,)

1. Every Person who shall boil or heat any Pitch, Tar,

Resin, Turpentine, Oil, or other combustible Matter in any Vessel lying within the Harbour or Dock or near the Pier, or in any Place within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, except in such Place and in such Manner as shall be specially appointed by the Undertakers for that Purpose:

2. Every Person who shall have or cause to be had any Fire

or lighted Candle or Lamp in any Vessel within the Harbour or Dock, or at or near the Pier, except with the Permission of the Harbour Master:

3. Every Person who shall have or cause to be had any Fire,

Candle, or Lamp lighted within any of the Docks or the Works belonging to the same, except at such Times and in such Manner as shall be permitted by the Bye Laws of the Undertakers:

4. Every Person who shall bring any loaded Gun on the

Quays or Works of the Harbour or Dock or on the Pier, or shall have or suffer to remain any loaded Gun in any Vessel in the Harbour or Dock or at or near the Pier:

5. Every Person who shall, without the Permission of the

Undertakers, bring or suffer to remain any Gunpowder on the Quays or Works of the Harbour or within the Dock, or on the Pier or in any Vessel within the Harbour, or Dock, or at or near the Pier.

Power to enter Ship and search for and extinguish Fires or Lights.

Penalty for throwing Bullet, &c., Into Harbour or Dock.

LXXII. The Harbour Master may enter into any Vessel within the Harbour or Dock or at or near the Pier, to search for any Fire or Light in or suspected to be in such Vessel contrary to the Provisions of this or the special Act, or of any Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, and may extinguish the same; and any Person who shall obstruct the Harbour Master in the Execution of such Duty shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXIII. Every Person who shall throw or put any Ballast, Earth, Ashes, Stones, or other Thing into the Harbour or Dock shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or prevent any Person from adopting any Measures which but for the passing of this Act he would be lawfully entitled to adopt for recovering any Land which shall at any Time have been lost to him, or severed from Land belonging to him, by reason of the Overflowing or Wasting of any navigable River, or for protecting his Land from future Loss or Damage by the Overflowing or Washing of such navigable River.

LXXIV. The

J

1847. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27. 317

LXXIV. The Owner of every Vessel or Float of Timber Owner of Vessel shall be answerable to the Undertakers for any Damage done answerable for by such Vessel or Float of Timber, or by any Person employed e 10 about the same, to the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or the Quays or Works connected therewith, and the Master or Person having the Charge of such Vessel or Float of Timber through whose wilful Act or Negligence any such Damage is done shall also be liable to make good the same; and the Undertaker may detain any such Vessel or Float of Timber until sufficient Security has been given for the Amount of Damage done by the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to impose any Liability for any such Damage upon the Owner of any Vessel where such Vessel shall at the Time when such Damage is caused be in charge of a duly licensed Pilot, whom such Owner or Master is bound by Law to employ and put his Vessel in charge of.

LXXV. If the Amount claimed in respect of any such AitotheReco-Damage as aforesaid do not exceed Fifty Pounds, such Damage shall be ascertained, and the Amount thereof shall, in England Quay^Ac. or Ireland, be recovered before Two Justices, and in Scotland before the Sheriff; and in addition to the Remedies hereby provided for the Recovery of the same, the Justices or Sheriff before whom the same are recovered may cause the Vessel or Float of Timber causing such Damage, and any Tackle and Furniture thereof, to be distrained and kept until the Amount of Damages and Costs awarded by them is paid, and if the same be not paid within Seven Days after such Distress or Keeping may cause the Property so distrained or kept, or any Part thereof, to be sold, and out of the Proceeds of such Sale may pay the Amount of Damages and Costs awarded by such Justices or Sheriff, and all the Charges incurred by the Distress, keeping, and Sale of such Property.

LXXVI. If the Owner of any Vessel or Float of Timber Owner may make Satisfaction for any such Damage as aforesaid, wilfully or negligently done by the Master or Person having charge of such Servants. Vessel or Float of Timber, or if the Owner of any Vessel or Goods in any other Case have been compelled to pay any Penalty or Costs by reason of any Act or Omission of any other Person, the Person who actually did such Damage or who committed such Offence shall repay to the Owner of such Vessel or such Goods the Amount of the Damage or Penalty and Costs, together with the Costs of the Proceedings to enforce such Repayment; and if such Damage or Penalty respectively do not exceed Fifty Pounds the Sum may, in England or Ireland, be recovered before Two or more Justices, and in Scotland before the Sheriff.

And with respect to Buoys, Lighthouses, and Beacons, be it Lighthouse *, enacted as follows: Bea%

LXXVII. The Undertakers shall lay down Buoys for the ^>owe7^'erect Guidance of Vessels in such Situations within the Limits of the L^hUiouses Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and of such Character, as shall from and lay down X Time "ith

Consent of Trinity House.

Cap. 27.

Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. IO Vict.

Lights, Beacons, or Sea-nvurks not to be exhibited or altered without Sanction of Trinity House.

Time to Time be directed by the Corporation of Trinity House, Deptford Strond, the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, or the Commissioners of the Northern Lights respectively, according as the Harbour, Dock, or Pier is situated in England, Ireland, or Scotland.

LXXVIII. The Undertakers shall not erect any Lighthouse or Beacon, or exhibit or allow to be exhibited any Light, Beacon, or Sea-mark without the Sanction in Writing of the said Corporation of Trinity House, of the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, or of the said Commissioners of Northern Lights respectively, according as the Harbour, Dock, or Pier is situated in England, Ireland, or Scotland, first having been obtained in that Behalf; and if any such Light, Beacon, or Sea-mark be exhibited with such Sanction as aforesaid, the same shall not be afterwards altered without the like Sanction; and every such Light, Beacon, and Sea-mark shall be of such Power and Description, and shall be from Time to Time discontinued or altered, as the said Corporation or Commissioners respectively shall from Time to Time direct.

llarbowr and Dock Police.

Justices to appoint special Constables named by the Undertakers.

Dismissal of Constables.

Meters and Weighers.

Power to appoint Meters and Weighers.

Licensed M ters and Weighers only to be employed *

And with respect to the Police of the ^Harbour, Dock, or Pier, be it enacted as follows:

LXXIX. Any Two Justices may appoint such Persons as shall be nominated for that Purpose by the Undertakers to be special Constables within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, Pier, and Premises of the Undertakers, and within One Mile of the same; and every Person so appointed shall be sworn in by any such Justices duly to execute the Office of a Constable within the Limits aforesaid, and when so sworn in shall have the same Powers, Protections, and Privileges within the Limits aforesaid, and shall be subject to the same Liabilities, as Constables have or are subject to by the Laws of the Realm.

LXXX. Any Two Justices may dismiss any such Constable from his Office, and upon such Dismissal all Powers, Protections, and Privileges vested in such Constable shall cease.

And with respect to the Appointment of Meters and Weighers, and their Duties, be it enacted as follows:

LXXXL Where under the special Act the Undertakers shall have the Appointment of Meters and Weighers, the Undertakers may appoint and license a sufficient Number of Persons to be Meters and Weighers within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, and Pier, and remove any such Persons at their Pleasure, and may make Regulations for their Government, and fix reasonable Rates to be paid, or other Remuneration to be made to them for weighing and measuring Goods.

LXXXII. When a sufficient Number of Meters and Weighers have been appointed by the Undertakers, under the Powers of this and the special Act, the Master of any Vessel, or the Owner of any Goods shipped, unshipped, or delivered within or upon the Harbour or Dock or Pier, shall not employ any Person

other

1847. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27. 319

other than a Weigher or Meter licensed by the Undertakers, or Meter* appointed by the Commissioners of Heir Majesty's Customs, and Wei9^s. to weigh or measure the same; and if in such Case any Person p other than a Meter or Weigher licensed by the Undertakers, other than* or a Meter or Weigher appointed by the Commissioners of Her licensed Meters, Majesty's Customs, shall weigh or measure any such Goods as Q^Jse, ghing aforesaid, such Person, as well as the Person by whom he shall be employed, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and the weighing or Measurement of any such Goods by any such Person shall be deemed illegal.

And with respect to the Bye Laws to be made by the Bye Law. Undertakers, be it enacted as follows: -

LXXXIIL The Undertakers may from Time to Time make Bye Laws may euch Bye Laws as they shall think fit for all or any of the following Purposes; (that is to say,) Pu^» herein

For regulating the Use of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier: named.

For regulating the Exercise of the several Powers vested in the Harbour Master:

For regulating the Admission of Vessels into or near the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and their Removal out of and from the same, and for the good Order and Government of such Vessels whilst within the Harbour or Dock, or at or near the Pier:

For regulating the shipping and unshipping, landing, warehousing, stowing, depositing, and removing of all Goods within the Limits of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and the Premises of the Undertakers:

For regulating (with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs) the Hours during which the Gates or Entrances or Outlets to the Harbour, Dock, or Pier shall be open:

For regulating the Duties and Conduct of all Persons, as well the Servants of the Undertakers as others, not being Officers of Customs or Excise, who shall be employed in the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and the Premises of the Undertakers:

For regulating the Use of Fires and Lights within the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and the Premises belonging thereto, and within any Vessel being within the Harbour or Dock, or at or near the Pier, or within the prescribed Limits (if any):

For preventing Damage or Injury to any Vessel or Goods within the Harbour or Dock, or at or near the Pier, or on the Premises of the Undertakers:

For regulating the Use of the Cranes, Weighing Machines,

Weights, and Measures belonging to the Undertakers, and the Duties and Conduct of all Weighers and Meters employed by them:

For regulating the Duties and Conduct of the Porters and Carriers employed on the Premises of the Undertakers, and fixing the Rates to be paid to them for carrying any Goods,

Articles, or Things from or to the same:

10 Vict.

Bye Litr* may be repealed or altered from Time to Time.

Bye Law* may be enforced by Imposition of Penalties.

No Bye Laws to come into operation until allowed in the Manner prescribed, and approved by one of the Judges.

Notice of Allowance of Bye Laws to be given in One or more Newspapers.

A Copy of proposed Bye Laws to be open to Inspection.

Publication of Bye Laws.

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses.

And the Undertakers may from Time to Time, as they shall think fit, repeal or alter any such Bye Laws: Provided always, that such Bye Laws shall not be repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom where the same are to have Effect, or the Provisions of this or the special Act; and such Bye Laws shall be reduced into Writing, and have affixed thereto the Common Seal of the Undertakers if they be a Body Corporate, or the Signatures of the Undertakers or Two of them if they be not a Body Corporate, and if affecting other Persons than the Officers or Servants of the Undertakers shall be confirmed and published as herein provided.

LXXXIV. The Undertakers may, by the Bye Laws so to be made by them, impose such reasonable Penalties as they shall think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds for each Breach of such Bye Laws: Provided always, that such Bye Laws shall be so framed as to allow the Justices or Sheriff before whom any Penalty imposed thereby shall be sought to be recovered to order the whole or Part only of such Penalty to be paid.

LXXXV. No Bye Laws made under the Authority of this or the special Act, except such as relate solely to the Undertakers or their Officers or Servants, shall come into operation until the same be confirmed in the prescribed Manner, and if no Manner of Confirmation be prescribed then not until they be allowed by some Judge of One of the Superior Courts, or in England or Ireland by the Justices at the Quarter Sessions, or in Scotland by the Sheriff; and it shall be incumbent on such Justices or Sheriff, on the Request of the Undertakers, to inquire into any Bye Laws tendered to them for that Purpose, and to allow or disallow of the same, as they shall think meet

LXXXVI. Provided always, That no such Bye Laws shall be confirmed unless Notice of the Intention to apply for a Confirmation of the same have been given in One or more Newspapers of the County in which the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or the principal Office thereof, is situate. One Month at least before the hearing of such Application; and any Person desiring to object to any such Bye Law, on giving to the Undertakers Notice of the Nature of his Objection Ten Days before the hearing of the Application for the Allowance thereof, may, by himself or his Counsel, Attorney, or Agent, be heard thereon, but not so as to allow more than One objecting Party to be heard on the same Matter of Objection.

LXXXVII. For One Month at least before any such Application for Confirmation of any Bye Laws, a Copy of the proposed Bye Laws shall be kept at the principal Office of the Undertakers; and all Persons may, at all reasonable Times, inspect such Copy without Fee or Reward, and the Undertakers shall furnish every Person who shall apply for the same with a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, on Payment of Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied.

LXXXVIII. The said Bye Laws when confirmed shall be published in the prescribed Manner, and when no Manner of Publication is prescribed they shall be printed; and the Clerk

to

1847. Harbour *, Docks, and Piers Clauses* Cap. 27. 321

to the Undertakers shall deliver a printed Copy thereof to every Law*.

Person applying for the same without Charge; and a Copy -

thereof shall be painted or placed on Boards, and put up in some conspicuous Part of the Office of the Undertakers, and also on some conspicuous Part of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and such Boards, with the Bye Laws thereon, shall be renewed from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, and shall be open to Inspection without Fee or Reward, and in case the said Clerk shall not permit the same to be inspected at all reasonable Times he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXXIX. All Bye Laws made and confirmed according to Bye Law* to the Provisions of this and the special Act, when so published J* m and put up, shall be binding upon and be observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient to justify all Persons acting under the same.

XC. The Production of a written or printed Copy of the Proof of Bye Laws requiring Confirmation by a Judge of the Superior ° *

Courts or the Court of Quarter Sessions or the Sheriff, authen- ye ws* ticated by the Signature of the Judge or of the Chairman of the Court or the Sheriff who shall have approved of the same, and a written or printed Copy of the Bye Laws not requiring such Confirmation, authenticated by the Common Seal of the Undertakers if incorporated, or under the Hands of the Undertakers if not incorporated, or any Two of them, shall be Evidence of the Existence and due making of such Bye Laws in all Cases of Prosecution under the same, without Proof of the Signature of such Judge or Chairman or Sheriff, or the Common Seal or Signature of the Undertakers; and with respect to the Proof of the Publication of any such Bye Laws, it shall be sufficient to prove that a Board containing a Copy thereof was put up and continued in manner by this Act directed, and in case of its afterwards being displaced or damaged that such Board was replaced or restored as soon as conveniently might be, unless Proof be adduced by the Party complained against that such painted Board did not contain a Copy of such Bye Laws, or was not duly put up or continued as directed by this Act.

XCL. And with respect to the Tender of Amends, be it Tender of enacted, That if any Party shall have committed any Irre^u- Amend#* larity. Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if, before Action brought in respect thereof, such Party make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made the Defendant may, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, at any Time before Issue joined, pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

Recovery of Damages and Penalties.

Railways Clauses Consolidation Acts, 1845, as to Damages, &c. to be incorporated with this and the special Act.

In Ireland Part of Penalties to be paid to Guardian of Unions.

All Things required to be done by Two Justices in England and Ireland may, in certain Cases, be done by One, and in Scotland by the Sheriff, Ac.

Penalties &c. imposed in respect of any Offence committed within the Metropolitan Police District to be paid to the Receiver, and applied under 2A3 Vict. c. 71.

Cap. 27. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. 10 VICT

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices or the Sheriff, be it enacted as follows:

XCII. If the Harbour, Dock, or Pier be in England or Ireland, the Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act; and if the Harbour, Dock, or Pier be in Scotland, the Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act (Scotland) 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to the Sheriff or to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act, and such Clauses shall apply to the Harbour, Dock, or Pier, and to the Undertakers respectively, and shall be construed as if the Word " Undertakers" had been inserted therein instead of the Word " Company."

XCIII. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case of any Penalty imposed by Justices, where the Application is not otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more than One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Offence shall have been committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Union.

XCIV. All Things herein or in the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, authorized or required to be done by Two Justices may and shall be done, in England and Ireland, by any One Magistrate, having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two or more Justices, and in Scotland by the Sheriff or Steward of any County, Stewartry, or Ward, or his Substitute.

XCV. Every Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by any Bye Law in pursuance thereof, in respect of any Offence which shall take place within the Metropolitan Police District, shall be recovered, enforced, accounted for, and, except where the Application thereof is otherwise specially provided for, shall be paid to the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, and shall be applied in the same Manner as Penalties or Forfeitures other than Fines upon drunken Persons, or upon Constables for Misconduct, or for Assaults upon Police Constables are directed to be recovered, enforced, accounted for, paid, and applied by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis; and every Order or Conviction of any of the Police Magistrates in respect of any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall be subject to the like Appeal, and upon the same Terms, as is provided in respect of any Order or Conviction of any of the said Police Magistrates by the said last-mentioned Act; and every

Magistrate

1847.

323

Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses. Cap. 27.

Magistrate by whom any Order or Conviction shall have been Recovery of made shall have the same Power of binding over the Witnesses

who shall have been examined; and such Witnesses shall be __________

entitled to the same Allowance of Expences as they would have had or been entitled to in case the Order, Conviction, and Appeal had been made in pursuance of the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act.

XCVI. Every Person who, upon any Examination upon Persons giving Oath under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act Evidence incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly give false tiesofPerjury." Evidence shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

And with respect to Access to the special Act, be it enacted Access to as follows I tpecial Act.

XCVII. The Undertakers shall at all Times, after the Expi- Copies of ration of Six Months after the passing of the special Act, keep in their principal Office of Business a Copy of the special Act, undertSer/at printed by the Printers to Her Majesty or some of them, and their Office, shall also within the Space of such Six Months deposit in the and deposited Office of the Clerk of the Peace in England or Ireland, and of "fltthe 8 the Sheriff Clerk in Scotland, of the County in which the &cM and be open Harbour, Dock, or Pier, or any Part thereof, is situate, a Copy 10 Inspection, of such special Act so printed as aforesaid; and the said Clerk *>f the Peace and Sheriff Clerk shall receive, and they and the Undertakers respectively shall keep, the said Copies of the

Kcial Act, and shall allow all Persons interested to inspect same, and make Extracts or Copies therefrom, in the like Manner and upon the like Terms and under the like Penalty for Default as is provided in the Case of certain Plans and Sections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the 7 W. 4. & Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such 1 Vict c* 83, Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament

XCVIII. If the Undertakers fail to keep or deposit, as Penalty on herein-before mentioned, any of the said Copies of the special ^fnert^e Act they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, 0* deposit such and also Five Pounds for every Day afterwards during which Copies, such Copy shall be not so kept or deposited.

And with respect to the saving of Rights, be it enacted as Saving of follows: Rights.

XCIX. Nothing in this or the special Act, or any Act incor- Nothing in this porated therewith, contained shall extend to alienate, defeat, Act^Vaffec^ vary, lessen, abrogate, or prejudice any Estate, Right, Title, the Rights of Interest, Prerogative, Royalty, Jurisdiction, or Authority, of or the Crown; appertaining to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, nor to abridge, vary, or abrogate any of the Powers or Authorities by Law vested in the Lords of the Admiralty, or in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Customs, or in the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods,

X 4 Forests,

324

10 Vict.

Saving of Rights.

nor the R Ighte of the Crown as to Revenue, &c .;

nor the Rights of the City of London;

nor the Rights of Trinity House, &c.

Act not to exempt the Undertakers from the Provisions of any general Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

7 G. 4. c. 63.

Cap. 27, 28. Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses.

Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, in relation to the Possessions and Land Revenues of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, or otherwise howsoever.

C. Nothing in this or the special Act shall be deemed to extend to or affect any Act of Parliament relating to Her Majesty's Duties of Customs or Excise, or any other Revenue of the Crown, or to extend to or affect any Claim of Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, or otherwise howsoever, or any Proceedings at Law or in Equity by or on behalf of Her Majesty, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CI. Nothing in this Act or the special Act contained shall prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Liberties, Interests, Privileges, Franchises, or Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being.

CII. Nothing in this or the special Act contained shall prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges, Jurn-diction or Authority of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, or the Commissioners of Northern Lights or any Lord of the Manor within the Limits of the Harbour o: Dock.

CIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein or in the special Act contained shall be deemed to exempt the Undertakers from the Provisions, Regulations, and Conditions which may be contained in any general Act relating to Harbours, Docks, or Piers, or to Ports, Harbours, or tidal Waters, which may be passed in the same Session in which the special Act is passed, or any future Session of Parliament.

CIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to County Buildings.

[8th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for repairing, improving, and rebuilding Shire Halls, County Halls, and other Buildings for holding the Assizes and Grand Sessions, and also Judges Lodgings, throughout England and Wales, certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Justices of the Peace of any County, Riding, or Division in England and Wales, assembled at General or Quarter Sessions, and certain Provisions were made relative to the altering and repairing of any Shire Hall or County Hall accustomably made use of for holding the Assizes or Sessions of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Division, and to the building of a Shire Hall or County Hall, and to the purchasing any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or

1847. County Buildings. Cap. 28. 326

Hereditaments for that Purpose, and to the conveying the same to Trustees, and to the defraying the Expences thereby

incurred, and to raising Money for the same: And whereas it was by the said Act declared that the Powers therein contained should not extend to any Halls or other Buildings not being the Property of Counties, Ridings, or Divisions of Counties, or holden in trust for them: And whereas by an 7W.4.&ivict.

Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present c-24 *

Majesty, for explaining and amending the first-recited Act, it was enacted that the said Powers, Authorities, and Provi-

sions should authorize the building, altering, and repairing of any Shire Hall or County Hafl or other Building used

partly as a Shire Hall and partly as a Town Hall, in those Cases in which such Assizes and Sessions as aforesaid had been usually holden in some Town Hall or other Building not belonging exclusively to such County, Riding,

or Division: And whereas Doubts have been entertained

whether the Justices at General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for any County, Riding, or Division have Power, under said Acts or either of them, to build any Shire or County Hall, or to purchase Land for the Erection of the same, or to raise Money for that Purpose, where the Assizes or Sessions for such County, Riding, or Division have heretofore been usually holden in the Town Hall of some City or Town not being the Property of the County or Riding for which such Assizes or Sessions are holden:* Be it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers, Authorities, Powers of and Provisions in the said Acts contained relative to the build- recited Act and ing of any new Shire Hall or County Hall, and to the pur- c. 24.^etativeto chasing of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments the Building of for that Purpose, and to defraying the Expence of such build- *jy new Sh, re ing and Purchase, and to raising Money for the same, shall be deemed^o deemed to apply to and to authorize and to have authorized apply to the the building of any new Shire Hall or County Hall, and the Building, &c.f purchasing of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Heredita- Assises! &c. ments for that Purpose, and the defraying the Expence of such have heretofore building and Purchase, and the raising of Money for the same, been b*, d in although the Assizes or Sessions of the Peace for the County, th^Pro^ Riding, or Division have theretofore been usually holden in the perty of the Town Hall of some City or Town not being the Property of C°unty* the County, Riding, or Division, and whether such Town Hall shall or shall not be pulled down; and the Houses, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased shall be conveyed to such Persons as the said Justices shall from Time to Time think fit to direct, in trust for the County, Riding, or Division; and such Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and such new Shire Hall or County Hall, shall be and be held for the exclusive Use of the County, Riding, or Division.

10 Vict.

Act may be amended, &c«

3 & 4 W.4. o.lOS.

7 & 8 Vict c. 15.

Limiting the Hours during which Persons are to be employed in Mills and Factories.

Limiting the Number of Hours for which Persons under Eighteen Years

Cap. 28, 29. County Buildings. — Factories.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to limit the Hours of Labour of young Persons and Females in Factories.

[8th June 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Labour of Children and young Persons in the Mills and 6 Factories of the United Kingdom; and another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh and Eighth

Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act ' to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories; and by the said first-mentioned Act it was provided, that no Person under ' the Age of Eighteen Years should be employed in any such c Mill or Factory as in the said Act is mentioned, in any ' such Description of Work as therein-before specified, more i than Twelve Hours in any One Day, nor more than Sixty- nine"Hours in any One Week, except as therein-after is provided; and by the said last-mentioned Act it was provided, that no Female above the Age of Eighteen Years should be ' employed in any Factory as defined by the said Act, save for the same Time and in the same Manner as young Persons (by ' the said Act defined to be Persons of the Age of Thirteen ' Years and under the Age of Eighteen Years) might be em-

ployed in Factories: And whereas it is expedient to alter the i said Acts for the Purpose of further restricting the Hours of

Labour of young Persons and Females in Factories Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, notwithstanding any thing in the said Acts contained, from the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven no Person under the Age of Eighteen Years shall be employed in any such Mill or Factory, in such Description of Work as in the said first-mentioned Act is specified, for more than Eleven Hours in any One Day, nor for more than Sixty-three Hours in any One W cek, except as in the said Act is provided; and that from the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the said Two Acts before mentioned shall in all respects be construed as if the Provision in the Provision in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as to Persons under the Age of Eighteen Years working in Mills and Factories, had been confined to Eleven Hours instead of Twelve Hours in any One Day, and to Sixty-three Hours in any One Week instead of Sixty-nine Hours.

II. And be it enacted, That from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight no Person under the Age of Eighteen Years shall be employed in any such Mill or

Factory,

1847. Factories. — Naval Service of Boys. Cap. 29, 30.

Factory, in such Description of Work as in the said first-mentioned Act is specified, for more than Ten Hours in any One Day nor more than Fifty-eight Hours in any One Week, except as in the said Act is provided; and that from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the said Two Acts shall in all respects be construed as if the Provision in the said first-mentioned Act contained, as to Persons under the Age of Eighteen Years working in Mills and Factories, had been confined to Ten Hours instead of Twelve Hours in any One Day, and Fifty-eight Hours in any One Week instead of Sixty-nine Hours.

III. And be it enacted, That the Restrictions respectively by this Act imposed as regards the working of Persons under the Age of Eighteen Years shall extend to Females above the Age of Eighteen Years.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Two herein-before mentioned Acts as amended by this Act, and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

327

of Age are to be employed.

Act extended to Females above Eighteen.

Recited Acts and this Act to be construed as One Act.

Act may be amended, Ac.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for extending the Period of Service of Boys in Her Majesty's Navy.

[8th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the (" Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth,

intituled An Act for the Encouragement of the voluntary 5 & 6 W.4. c. 24. 6 Enlistment of Seamen, and to make Regulations for more i effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, it was enacted, that

no Person shall be liable to be detained against his Consent

in the Naval Service of His Majesty for a longer Period than (Five Years, to be computed from the Day of his being entered

into the same, unless he shall have voluntarily entered for a (longer Term, and except as therein-after provided: And whereas it is expedient that Boys who enter into the Naval Service of Her Majesty when under the Age of Sixteen

Years shall, if not previously discharged, remain in such Service in all Cases for the Period of Seven Years; be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That every Boy who, when Boys entering under the Age of Sixteen Years, shall enter the Service of Her Navy under Majesty's Navy shall be liable to be detained in the said Ser- may be vice, either with or against his Consent, for any Period not detained Seven exceeding Seven Years, to be computed from the Day of his being entered into the same; and at the Expiration of such up^apecial Seven Years he shall, upon his Application for that Purpose, Emergency be entitled to be discharged, unless the Admiral or Commanding ^yab^ned Officer of the Fleet, Division, or Squadron under whose Com- p^tod. W

mand

Person* under Arrest not entitled to Discharge until Arrest, ftc. shall have ceased.

Persons entering the Navy under the Age of 16 entitled to certain Privileges on Discharge.

Persons allowed to re-enter and receive Bounty at the Expiration of Seven Years, and shall serve a further Period of Five Years.

Statement made as to Age to be conclusive Evidence.

Act not to extend to diminish Authority of Admiralty to

Cap. 30. Naval Service of Boys. 10 VICT.

mand he shall be shall, in consequence of any special Emergency, deem it advisable not to discharge him, iu which Case such Admiral or Commanding Officer shall have Power to detain him in the said Service for a further Period of Six Calendar Months, or until such Emergency shall hayA ceased, and then the Person so detained shall be entitled to receive for such extra Service One Fourth, in addition to the Pay or Wages of his Rating: Provided always, that if any such Person shall be under Arrest or Imprisonment at the Period at which he shall be entitled to his Discharge, then his Discharge shall not take place until such Arrest or Imprisonment shall have ceased, or in case he shall have been put under Arrest in order to be brought to Trial for any Offence, his Discharge shall not take place until he have been tried for such Offence, and have undergone the Punishment to which he may be adjudged for the same by Sentence of Court-martial; and every Person entitled to his Discharge shall not be exempt from Performance of the Duties of his Station, blit be amenable and subject to the Discipline of the Navy, and to the several Laws, Regulations, and Provisions in force for the Time being for the Government and Regulation thereof, until he be actually discharged.

II. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall have entered the Naval Service of Her Majesty when under the Age of Sixteen Years shall be entitled to the same Privileges upon his Discharge as other Seamen are upon their Discharge, but he shall not be entitled to the Addition of One Fourth to the Pay or Wages of his Rating until the Expiration of the said Seven Years, and when serving in the Fleet without having ever been discharged he shall not be entitled to any Bounty which shall, by any Order in Council or Proclamation of Her Majesty then in force, be offered to Seamen to volunteer to enter into the said Service unless such Order in Council or Proclamation be in force when his Service for Seven Years shall expire, and he shall, previous to the Expiration of such Service, signify to his Commanding Officer his Desire to continue in the said Service for a further Period of Five Years, to be computed from the Expiration of his Service of Seven Years, and shall be allowed to re-enter accordingly, in which Case he shall, upon such re-entering, he entitled to be paid the single Bounty offered by Her Majesty's Proclamation to Volunteers of the Class and Rating for which he is suited; and every such Volunteer shall, at the Expiration of such further Period of Five Years, be entitled to his Discharge, under and subject to the like Regulations and Restrictions as Volunteers are entitled to their Discharge after Five Years continuous Service.

III. And be it enacted, That the Statement by any Boy of his Age at the Time of his Entry into the Service of Her Majesty's Navy shall be conclusive Evidence of his being that Age at the Time of his Entry, for the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to control or diminish the Authority vested in the Lord High Admiral, and also in the Commissioners for executing

329

1847* Naval Service of Bays. — Poor Relief (Ireland). Cap. 30, 31.

exiting the Office of Lord High Admiral, to discharge as he or discharge they shall think fit, or to authorize the Discharge of any Seaman Seamen, or Boy from Her Majesty's Naval Service,

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of amended»&c* Parliament,

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to make further Provision for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

[8th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for 1 & 2 Vict. c. 56. the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and (by subsequent Acts amending the same, Provision has been made for the Relief of the Poor in Workhouses by the

Guardians of the Poor in the several Unions in Ireland:

And whereas the Powers of the said Guardians of the Poor

have not been found sufficient for the due Relief of the desti-

tute Poor, and it is expedient to make further Provision in ' that Behalf Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Relief of desti. Guardians of the Poor of every Union in Ireland shall make tute Provision for the due Relief of all such destitute poor Persons

as are permanently disabled from Labour by reason of old Age,

Infirmity, or bodily or mental Defect, and of such destitute poor Persons as, being disabled from Labour by reason of severe Sickness or serious Accident, are thereby deprived of the Means of earning a Subsistence for themselves and their Families, whom they are liable by Law to maintain, and of destitute poor Widows having Two or more legitimate Children dependent upon them; and it shall be lawful for the said Guardians to relieve such poor Persons, being destitute as aforesaid, either in the Workhouse or out of the Workhouse, as to them shall appear fitting and expedient in each individual Case; and the said Guardians shall take order for relieving and setting to work in the Workhorse of the Union, at all Times when there shall be sufficient Room in the Workhouse of the Union to enable them so to do, such other Persons as the said Guardians shall deem to be destitute Poor, and unable to support themselves by their own Industry or by other lawful Means.

II. And be it enacted, That if at any Time it shall be shown Out-door Relief to the Satisfaction of the Poor Law Commissioners that by may be autho-reason of the Want of Room in the Workhouse of any Union, TlKdm or in such additional Workhouse or Workhouses as may have been or may be provided for the Reception and Maintenance of the Poor of such Union, adequate Relief cannot be afforded therein to destitute poor Persons not being Persons permanently disabled, or destitute poor Persons disabled by Sickness or

Accident

10 Vict.

330 Cap. 31. Poor Relief (Ireland}.

Regulations as to Application for Relief, &c.

Relieving Officers to be appointed.

Medical Officers way be appointed.

Accident as aforesaid, or such destitute poor Widows as aforesaid, or that the Workhouse or Workhouses of any Union, as the Case may be, by reason of Fever or infectious Disease, is or are unfit for the Reception of poor Persons, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, by Order under their Seal, to authorize and empower the Guardians of such Union to administer Relief out of the Workhouse to such destitute poor Persons for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months from the Date of such Order, and at any Time after the making of such Order to revoke the same by an Order under their Seal for that Purpose, and on the Receipt by the Guardians of any Union of any such Order authorizing Relief out of the Workhouse as aforesaid they shall make Provision for the Relief of the destitute poor Persons of the said Union accordingly, for such Time as shall be specified in the said Order, or until the said Order shall be revoked: Provided always, that all Relief given out of the Workhouse to able-bodied Persons under the Authority of any such Order shall be given in Food only, save as herein-after provided in any Case of sudden and urgent Necessity.

III. And be it enacted, That the Poor Law Commissioners, from Time to Time as they shall see fit, shall regulate and determine the Manner of Application for all Relief to be given under the Provisions of this Act, and the Manner of inquiring into the Circumstances of the Applicants for Relief, and the Kind of Relief to be afforded out of the Workhouse, when not directly specified by this Act, and the Manner of granting, ordering, and giving such Relief, and keeping the Accounts thereof, and of making and keeping Lists of the Persons so applying, and of the Persons so relieved; and the Guardians of the Union and their Officers shall administer suc h Relief, subject to the Rules and Regulations so to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Poor Law Commissioners shall direct the Guardians of each Union in Ireland to appoint so many Relieving Officers as the said Commissioners may deem requisite to assist in the Administration of Relief under this Act, and under the Acts now in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and the said Guardians, on receiving such Authority and Direction, shall appoint such Relieving Officers accordingly, subject to the Approval of the said Commissioners.

V. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which it shall appear to the Poor Law Commissioners that the Appointment of a Medical Officer or Medical Officers for affording Medical Relief out of the Workhouse in any Union is necessary and expedient, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to direct the Guardians of the Union to appoint a Medical Officer or Medical Officers, and the Guardians, on the Receipt of such Authority and Direction, shall appoint a Medical Officer or Medical Officers accordingly, subject to the Approval of the said Commissioners.

331

Poor Relief (Ireland). Cap. 31.

YL And be it enacted, That whenever the whole of any If Electoral Electoral Division or Divisions is situated at a greater Distance Division ^.at than Six Miles from the Place of Meeting of the Board of toncTthan Six Guardians of the Union of which such Electoral Division or Miles from Divisions may form Part, it shall be lawful for the Commis- ?l£U^f0Q(^reet' sioners, on the Application of the Board of Guardians, to form jjfns, lt such Electoral Division or Divisions into a District, and to formed into a direct the said Guardians from Time to Time to appoint a Committee of their Members to receive Applications of poor r^?*680 Persons requiring Relief in such District, to examine into the Cases of such poor Persons, and to report to the said Guardians thereon.

VII. And be it enacted, That every Relieving Officer so Relieving Offi-appointed as aforesaid shall have Power to give provisional

Belief in any Case of sudden and urgent Necessity, either by R^f until an Order of Admission to the Workhouse or Fever Hospital of the next Meet-the Union, provided there be Room therein respectively, and by conveying any destitute poor Person thereto if necessary, or by 114 affording such poor Person immediate and temporary Relief in Food, Lodging, Medicine, or Medical Attendance, until the next Ordinary Meeting of the Board of Guardians, at which Meeting he shall report the Case, and the Nature and Cost of the Relief so afforded, in such Form and Manner as the Poor Law Commissioners shall prescribe, and after such Report shall give no further Relief, otherwise than by Direction of the Board of Guardians in the Case so reported; and the Guardians of the Union shall furnish the Relieving Officers with the necessary Funds for affording Relief in manner aforesaid, and for the Relief of those destitute poor Persons to whom Relief shall be granted by the Board of Guardians, at such Times and in such Manner as the Poor Law Commissioners shall determine and direct.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Relief given under this Relief to Wife Act to a Wife or Child shall be considered as given to the

Person who under the Provisions of the first-recited Act shall band or Parent, be liable to maintain such Wife or Child; and the Child of any as the Case poor Person relieved under this Act shall be subject to the same be' Liability in respect of such Relief as in respect of any Relief granted under the above-recited Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty.

IX. And be it enacted, That no Relief given under the Relief not to be Authority of this Act shall be given from the Poor Rates of unionTo which any Union to any Person not being within the Union when so it is charged, relieved.

X. And be it enacted, That from and after the First Day Occupiers of of November next after the passing of this Act no Person who Q^f*an shall be in the Occupation of any Land of greater Extent than Acre not the Quarter of a Statute Acre shall be deemed and taken to be deemed to be a destitute poor Person under the Provisions of the first-recited de#titute *

Act, or of the Acts amending the same, or of this Act; and if

any Person so occupying more than the Quarter of a Statute Acre shall apply for Relief, or if any Person on his Behalf shall

apply

V *

332

How Cost of Out-door Relief shall be charged.

Cap. 31.

Poor Relief (Ireland).

10 Yi&f.

What to constitute Residence in Electoral Division.

Assistance to Emigration.

apply for Relief, it shall not be lawful for any Board of*Guardians to prant such Relief, within or out of the Workhouse, to any such Person.

XI. And be it enacted, That, for the Purpose of charging1 the Relief afforded out of the Workhouse under the Provisions of this Act, the Poor Law Commissioners shall cause to be printed, and shall furnish to every Clerk of an Unionin Ireland, a Register Book, to be called "The Out-door Relief Register, in a Form similar to the Workhouse Register prescribed by* the, first-recited Act, in which the Clerk of the Union shall register, together with the other Particulars in the said Form required, ' the Name of the Electoral Division in which every Person relieved under this Act, out of the Workhouse, shall have been resident at the Time of his beginning to receive such Relief; and all the Provisions of the said Acts now in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, which determine the' Circumstances under which any Person shall be deemed to have been resident in an Electoral Division, and the Manner of charging the Expence of the Relief of Persons stated in the Register to have been so resident in some Electoral Division, and of Persons not stated in the Register to have been so resident, and all the Provisions of the said Acts which relate to the Production of the Register at every Meeting of Guardians for their Approval, Examination, and Correction, and the signing and countersigning of the same, and all Provisions of the said Acts which relate to the Power of appealing against the Decision of the Board of Guardians touching the Description of the Residence of any Person in the said Register, and to the Costs which may be incurred in such Appeal, shall extend and apply to the Out-door Relief Register to be kept as aforesaid under the Provisions of this Act, and to the Persons relieved under this Act out of the Workhouse, and to the Manner of charging the Expence of the Relief so afforded to such Persons under this Act, and to the Decisions of the Board of Guardians touching the Description of the Residence of any Person in the Out-door Relief Register.

XII. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of charging the Expence of Relief to any Electoral Division no Person shall after the passing of this Act be deemed to have been resident in such Electoral Division, unless during the Three Years before1 his Application for Relief he had occupied some Tenement' within such Division for Thirty Calendar Months, or, if he had not so occupied some Tenement, had usually slept within such Division for the Period of Thirty Calendar Months.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Board of Guardians at any Time that any Occupier of Land within such Union, rated at a net anntial Value not exceeding Five Pounds, shall be willing to give up to his Landlord his Right and Title, and the actual Possession of the said Land, whether held under Lease or as Tenant at' Will, and to emigrate together with all Persons who may be dependent upon him for their Support and Maintenance, and

that

333

Poor Relief (Ireland) *

Cpp.^l.

that such Occupier shall have been approved by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, or such Person as he may appoint for that Purpose, as a fit and proper Person to be admitted as an Emigrant, and that the immediate Lessor of such Occupier is willing, upon the Emigration of such Occupier and his Family, and upon the Surrender of the Land occupied by him, to forego any Claim for Rent which he mayr have upon the said Occupier, and also to provide Two Thirds of such fair and reasonable Sum as shall be required for the Emigration of such Occupier and his Family, then and in such.

Case it shall be lawful for the Board of Guardians of such Union, if they shall think fit, upon Payment to them of such last-mentioned Sum, to charge upon the Rates of the Electoral Division in which such Person shall be resident, and to pay, in addition to such Sum, in such Manner as shall be directed by the Poor Law Commissioners, in aid of the Emigration of such Occupier and his Family, any Sum not exceeding One Half of the Sum contributed and paid by such immediate Lessors as aforesaid, notwithstanding that any Sum or Sums so charged and paid may exceed in any One Year One Shilling in the Pound on the Rates of such Electoral Division, and notwithstanding that such Occupier and his Family may not be nor have been Inmates of the Workhouse of such Union.

XIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year Extension o *

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for 6 & 7 Vict c. 92. 4 the further Amendment of an Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, Provision is made for assisting any poor Person who is and has been for Three Months an Inmate of the Workhouse of any Union to emigrate, and it is expedient to extend the said Enactment to Persons not being and not having been Inmates of any Workhouse for the Period of Three Months be it therefore enacted, That all the Provisions in the said Act which relate to the Emigration of poor Persons who are and have been for Three Months Inmates of any Workhouse shall also extend and apply to destitute poor Persons not being or not having been Inmates of any Work-house, and to Persons having been Inmates of a Workhouse for a less Period than Three Months; provided that all Persons so assisted to emigrate shall have been approved as fit and proper Emigrants by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Colonies, or such Person as he may appoint for that Purpose.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Expences Expencw of incurred in aid of the Emigration of any Occupier and his Fa-

mily, under the Provisions of this Act, shall be charged to the ch«rged. Electoral Division in which the Land occupied by such Occupier is situated; and no Expences incurred in aid of the Emigration of any Occupier and^ his Family, or any destitute poor Person, under the Provisions of this Act or any of the Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, shall be deemed to be Expences incurred for the Relief of the Poor.

XVI. And whereas it is expedient to increase the Number Ex-officio

of qualified Justices which, according to the Provisions of the 5Juar^*?*w0t

said

Number of elective Guardians,

Unions may be altered without Consent of Guardians.

The Poor Law Commissioners may dissolve a Board of Guardians, on De-

Cap. 31. Poor Relief (Ireland). 10 Vict.

said first-recited Act, may be appointed to act as ex officio Guardians of any Union be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as provides that the Number of ex-officio Guardians of any Union shall in no Case exceed One Third of the Number of Guardians to be elected by the Rate-payers of such Union shall be repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act every Justice of the Peace resident in an Union in Ireland, and acting for the County in which he resides, who Jiall be qualified under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act to be or to be appointed an ex-officio Guardian of the Union, shall be on ex-offi cio Guardian thereof, unless the Number of Justices so qualified shall exceed the Number of Guardians to be elected by the Rate-payers of such Union; and in every Case in which the Number of Justices so qualified as aforesaid shall exceed the Number of Guardians to be elected by the Rate-payers, so many only of the qualified Justices who shall be rated on the highest Amount of rateable Property in the Rate Books of any Electoral Division in such Union as shall be equal to the Number of elective Guardians shall be entitled to act as ex-officio Guardians: Provided always, that each of such highest rated Justices shall have previously declared, in Writing, to the Clerk of the Union his Willingness to act as such ex-officio Guardian: Provided always, that whenever the Number of Justices qualified as aforesaid to act as ex-officio Guardians in any Union shall, by Death, Removal, Disqualification to act, or from any other Cause, be reduced to or below the Number of the elective Guardians, then and so long as the Number shall not exceed the Number of elective Guardians the whole of the Justices so qualified shall be entitled to act as ex-officio Guardians.

XVII. And whereas by the said first-recited Act it is provided that no Dissolution or Alteration of a Union shall take 6 place or be made unless a Majority of the Guardians of the ' Union affected by such Change shall consent thereto in ' Writing, and it is expedient to amend the said Enactment as ' herein-after is provided be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Poor Law Commissioners, as and when they shall see fit, to dissolve or alter any Union or Unions in Ireland, and from the Townlands comprised in such Unions to form such other Union or Unions as to them shall appear fitting and expedient, and that so much of the said Act as requires the Consent of a Majority of the Guardians of a Union to any Dissolution or Alteration thereof shall be repealed: Provided nevertheless, that all the other Provisions of the said Act which relate to the Dissolution or Alteration of Unions, and to the Adjustment of the Sums thereupon to be paid or received by any Union or Townland affected by such Alteration, shall extend and apply to the Case of any Union which shall be dissolved or altered, or formed anew under the Provisions of this Act

XVIII. And whereas by the first-recited Act it is provided, ' that in case regular Meetings of the Board of Guardians of any Union shall not be holden at the Times enjoined by the 'Orders of the Poor Law Commissioners, or in case through the

1847.

335

Poor Relief (Ireland). Cap. 31.

1 the Default of the Guardians the Duties of such Board of fault, without Guardians shall not be duly and effectually discharged accord- *!ly 4 ing to the Intention of the said first-recited Act, the Com- iate ection- missioners shall declare such Board of Guardians to be dissolved, and shall order a fresh Election of the Guardians of such Union; and in case the Guardians elected at such fresh Election shall not hold regular Meetings tit the Times enjoined by the Orders of the Commissioners, or in case through the Default of such Guardians the Duties of such Board of 1 Guardians shall not be duly and effectually discharged according to the Intention of the said first-recited Act, then the Commissioners may appoint such and so many paid Officers as they may think fit to carry into execution the Provisions of the said Act, and from Time to Time revoke and determine such Appointments: And whereas it is expedient for the more prompt and effectual Execution of the Acts now in force for the Belief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and of this Act, to amend the above-recited Provision as herein-after is provided be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case regular Meetings of the Board of Guardians of any Union shall not be holden at the Times enjoined by the said Commissioners, or in case through the Default of the Guardians the Duties of such Board of Guardians shall not be duly and effectually discharged according to the Intention of the several Acts which now are or hereafter shall be in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland and of this Act, it shall be law-fill for the Poor Law Commissioners to dissolve the said Board of Guardians, and the said Commissioners shall thereupon at once, and without ordering such fresh Election of the Guardians as in the said Act is provided, appoint such and so many paid Officers as they may think fit, to carry into execution the Provisions of the said Acts and of this Act; and all the Provisions of the first-recited Act which relate to the Powers, Duties, and Salaries of such paid Officers appointed by the Commissioners $fter a fresh Election of the Board of Guardians as aforesaid, and to the Security to be given by such paid Officers, and to their Continuance in Office, shall extend and apply to the Powers, Duties, and Salaries of such paid Officers as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners under this Act, without ordering a fresh Election of the Board of Guardians, and to the Security to be given by such Officers, and to their Continuance in Office respectively.

XIX. 'And whereas by the said first-recited Act it is pro- A« to the Pervided, that the Poor Law Commissioners shall take order for to

the due Performance of Religious Service in Workhouses vice in Work-i in Ireland\ and for appointing fit Persons to be Chaplains for houses.

that Purpose; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to provide a Chapel, or to direct that a suitable Apartment of the Workhouse shall be specially appropriated for the Religious AVorship of any Denomination of Christians being Inmates of the Workhouse, and to make such Orders and Regulations for securing and regu-

Y 2 luting

336 Cap. 31. Pour Relief (Ireland). 10 VICT

Commissioners empowered to purchase or hire additional Land to be occupied with Workhouses;

and also for the Erection of a School for certain Children in the North and South Dublin Unions.

lating the Use of such Chapel or Apartment for such Purpose as they shall deem expedient.

XX. And whereas by the said first-recited Act the Poor 1 Law Commissioners arc empowered to purchase or hire Land, ' not exceeding Twelve Acres Imperial Measure, to be occu-

pied with the Workhouse of any Union in Ireland be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Poor Law Commissioners to purchase or hire, in addition to such Twelve Axres, Land not exceeding Three Statute Acres, to be occupied 1 >y the Guardians of any Union, any Portion of the said last-mentioned Land 80 to be occupied being either contiguous to or detached from the Site on which any Workhouse stands, as shall be found moat convenient in each Case; and it shall be lawful for such last-mentioned Land to be used for the Site of a Fever Ward, or as a Cemetery for the Burial of deceased Inmates of the Work-house, or for any other Purpose which the said Commissioners shall approve; and the Poor Law Commissioners are hereby empowered to erect such Fever Ward on such Land to be so purchased or hired as last aforesaid.

XXI. And whereas Provision is now made in each of the

Unions called the North Dublin Union and South Dublin Union respectively for the Maintenance and Education of c destitute poor Children, and it is expedient that the Guardians

of the Poor of the said Unions should be enabled to join in the Occupation of a School for the Maintenance and Education of the Children receiving Belief in the Workhouses of the said Unions; be it enacted, That the Poor Law Commissioners be empowered to hire or purchase Land not exceeding Twenty-five Statute Acres, and to erect thereon a suitable Building, according to a Plan approved by them, and sealed with their Seal, to be used and occupied as a School for tk^ Reception, Maintenance, and Education of Children not above the Age of Fifteen Years, being Inmates of one or other of the Workhouses of the North Dublin and South Dublin Unions^ and the Guardians of each of the said Unions shall contribute to the Cost of hiring or purchasing such Lands, and of erecting such Building, and of upholding, repairing, or altering the same, in the Proportion which the net annual Value of the one Union bears to the net annual Value of the other, and shall contribute in the same Proportion to defray the Expenses of furnishing and fitting up the said School, and providing all Articles ,; Implements, and Requisites, for the common Use of the Inmates thereof; but the Maintenance of the Children belonging to each Union which the Guardians of such Union shall direct and send to be educated in such School shall be at the separate Cost of the Union, and the Proportion of the Cost of Maintenance to be charged on each Union shall be calculated, and shall be defrayed by the Guardians of the LTniou, in such Manner as the Poor Law Commissioners shall direct: Provided that the Guardians of each Union shall not be entitled to send to be maintained and educated in such School a Number of Children exceeding that Proportion of the whole Number to be at one

Time

1847i, Poor Relief (Ireland). Cap. 31. v 337

Time maintained in the said School which agrees with the Proportion borne by the net annual Value of the Union to the net annual Value of both Unions, except with the Consent of the Poor Law Commissioners in that Behalf first had and obtained; provided also, that the Quantity of Land to be Quantity of purchased or hired for the Purpose aforesaid shall not be greater Lan^°^e than the Quantity which, under the Provisions of the said first- {j^ited. recited Act and this Act may be purchased or hired and occupied together with the Workhouses of the said Two Unions, and that the Expenditure to be incurred in building the said School shall not be greater than might be incurred for the Erection of Workhouses or additional Workhouses in the said Unions under the said Acts.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Management of the said ^be School shall be conducted by a Board of Management, con- Bciu^of 7 sisting of so many Members of the respective Boards of Guar- Management dians of the North Dublin and South Dublin Unions as the

Poor Law Commissioners shall by Order under their Seal tfthe'iforth direct, and such Members shall be chosen by the Guardians of and South the said Unions, in such Proportions, and at such Times and in Unions, such Manner, as the Commissioners shall direct; and the Chairman of each of the said Unions shall be an ex-officio Member of the said Board of Management; and the said Board of Management shall meet. Three Members thereof being present to form a Board, and shall exercise their Functions and perform their Dtities in accordance with the Rules and Regulations issued by the Poor Law Commissioners for their Guidance and Control; and it shall be lawful for the Poor Law Commissioners to authorize and direct the said Board of Management to appoint Officers for the Superintendence of the said School, of such Description and with such Qualifications as the said Commissioners shall deem fitting and expedient, and to prescribe the t)uties to be performed by the said Officers respectively; and every such Officer shall be subject in all respects to the Control of the Poor Law Commissioners and the Board of Management, in the same Manner as other Officers appointed under the Acts in force for the Relief of the Poor are subject to the Control of the Poor Law Commissioners and the Guardians of the Union whereof they are Officers, and shall be liable to Removal in the same Manner.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions of the Powen to Pur-said first-recited Act which relate to the Purchase and Convey- ^B^ldings. once of Land for the Erection of Workhouses, and which empower the Poor Law Commissioners to direct the Guardians

of any Union to raise or borrow the Sums necessary to defray the Expence of hiring or purchasing such Land and building such Workhouses, and all Provisions of the said Act which relate to the borrowing of Money by the Guardians for the Purposes aforesaid, shall extend and apply to the Purchase and Conveyance of Land, and the Erection of Buildings thereon tinder the Provisions of this Act.

Y 3 XXIV. And

338 Cap. 31. Poor Relief (Ireland). 10 Vict.

Unions may be formed into School Districts for the Management of infant Poor.

Qualifications, Duties, Appointment, Removal, and Salaries of Officers.

Administration of Relief to be subject to the Control of the Poor Law Commissioners.

Accounts of Expenditure to be kept.

XXIV. And for the Purpose of extending to other Parts of Ireland the Benefit of the Provisions of this Act, as hereinbefore made applicable for the Establishment of Schools in the North and South Dublin Union, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, as and when they may see fit, by Order under their Hands and Seals, to combine Unions into School Districts for the Management of any Class or Classes of infant Poor not above the Age of Sixteen Years, bOHg chargeable to any such Union or any Part thereof, who are Orphans, or are deserted by their Parents, or whose Parents or surviving Parent or Guardian are consenting to the placing of such Children in the School of such District.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Poor Law Commissioners shall have the same Power and Authority in respect of all Officers appointed under this Act to define and prescribe the Qualifications of such Officers, and their Duties, and the Places or Limits within which those Duties shall be performed respectively, and to determine the Continuance in Office or Removal of such Officers, and to appoint fit and proper Persons in their Room, on the Neglect or Refusal of the Parties competent in that Behalf to appoint, and to regulate from Time to Time the Salaries payable to such Officers, and the Mode of Payment thereof, and the Proportions in which the Salaries shall be charged to the Electoral Divisions of a Union, as the said Commissioners have in respect of paid Officers appointed under the Acts now in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland; and the Officers appointed under this Act shall be subject to the same Disqualification or Removal from Office, and shall be liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, Actions, Indictments, or other Proceedings, criminal or civil, as the paid Officers appointed under the Provisions of the said Acts now in force as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Administration of Relief under this Act shall be subject to the Direction and Control of the Poor Law Commissioners; and all Orders, Rules, and Regulations made by the said Commissioners in execution of this Act shall be of the same Force and Effect, and shall be subject to the same Conditions, as Orders, Rules, and Regulations of the said Commissioners issued in execution of the said Acts now in force.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Guardians of every Union and their Officers shall keep Accounts, in such Form as the Poor Law Commissioners shall prescribe, of all Expenditure under this Act, and all the Provisions of the said Acts now in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, which relate to the auditing of Accounts of the Guardians and other Persons liable to account under the said Acts, and to the Verification of such Accounts on Oath or otherwise, and to the Disallowance or Reduction of Charges, and to the Recovery of Balances found by the Auditor to be due from such Guardians or other Persons as aforesaid; and all the Provisions of the said Acts which relate

to

m by

1847.

Poor Relief (Ireland). Cap. 31. 339

to the Powers, Duties, and Proceedings of the Auditors of Unions shall extend and apply to the Accounts of the Expenditure of the Guardians and their Officers under this Act, and to the Balances found to be due thereon from the said Guardians or Officers respectively, and to the .Recovery of the said Balances.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case of Dis- Recovery of allowance or Reduction by the Auditor in the Accounts of any

Union, the Auditor shall make and sign a Certificate of such a Disallowance or Reduction on the Face of the Book or Account wherein the Charges so disallowed or reduced shall appear, and shall debit the Amount disallowed to the Guardian or Guardians by whose Signature or Initials the Expenditure of the Sum so disallowed shall have been authorized, or if not authorized by the Guardians, then to the Officer or Officers by whom such Expenditure shall have been made, and the Sum so disallowed shall be payable by the Person or Persons debited therewith to the Treasurer of the Union, and it shall be lawful for the said Auditor to proceed for tin1 Recovery thereof, by all the Ways and Means provided by the said first-recited Act for the Recovery of Balances found by the Auditor to be due from any Guardian, Treasurer, or other Person having the Control of the Poor Rate, or accountable for such Balances, or in lieu thereof the said Auditor may summon the Person or Persons so debited to appear before any Two Justices of the County in which the Workhouse of the Union shall be situate, and the said Justices shall, on the Production of the said Certificate of Disallowance or Reduction, inquire whether the Sum disallowed has been paid to the Treasurer of the Union, and on Failure of due Proof thereof by or on the Part of the Person or Persons so debited as aforesaid, shall adjudge the said Person or Persons to pay the said Sum, together with the Costs of the Application, to the said Auditor; and on Failure of such Payment forthwith, shall cause the said Sum and Costs to be levied by Warrant of Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of the said Person or Persons, wheresoever the same may be found, and to be paid to the said Auditor, who shall thereupon pay over the Sum so disallowed and recovered to the Treasurer of the Union.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That so much of the said first- Annual Return recited Act as provides that there shall be laid annually before dumber" both Houses of Parliament, on or before the First Day of May relieved.

in every Venr, an Account of the Expenditure upon the Relief of the Poor in each Union in Ireland, and of the total Number relieved in each Union, during the Year ended on the First Day of January preceding, shall be repealed; and that in lieu thereof an Account shall annually be laid before Parliament, on or before the First Day of May, of the Expenditure on the Relief of the Poor in each Union in Ireland, and of the total Number relieved in each, during the Year ended on the Twenty-ninth Day of September preceding.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said Acts now in force Former Acts for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland and this Act shall nntl t, ns Act to

a- ., be One Act.

i 4 be

340

10 Vict.

Act may be ameeded, Ac,

1 & 9 W, 4.C.SS.

SrlOVIot* c. 1.

9 A10 Vict c. 101.

So much of . 9 A10 Vict. c. 101. as authorises the issuing of 1,000,000*. for Ireland repealed.

Cap. 31, 32. Poor Relief (Ireland).

be construed as One Act, except so far as the Provisions of soy one of such Acts may alter the Provisions of any previous Act.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

[8th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of ParBa-

T meat held in the First and Second Years of the Reigi

of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Extension and [Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, it was amongst other things enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works acting ' in execution of the said Act to moke Loans and Advances ia ' aid of the Drainage, Embankment, reclaiming, or other In>

provement of Land on the Credit of Mortgages, Assignments, 4 or other Assurances of the Estate and Interest, Freehold or

Leasehold, on such Land as might be the Subject of such ' Drainage, Embankment, Reclamation, or other Improvement, ' upon the Terms and Conditions in the said Act mentioned:

And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament

held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present

Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Amendment of the (Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as are therein-after provided,

to make any Loan or Advance for the Purposes aforesaid:

And whereas a further Act was passed in the Session of Par-(iiament held in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of ' Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance (of Public Money to a limited Amount, to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain and Inland by Works of Drainage: And whereas it is expedient that so ranch of the said thirdly-recited Act as extends to Ireland should be ' repealed, and that greater Facilities, under proper Conditions and Restrictions, should be given for the Improvement of Lands in Ireland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said thirdly-recited Act as authorizes the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue for Loans to be made under the Provisions of the said Act any Sums of Money not exceeding One million of Pounds for Ireland, and all the Provisions and Powers in the said Act contained relating to Ireland, and to the Commissioners of Public Works in.Ireland, shall be repealed* subject to the Provisions berem-^fter contained far

continuing

Landed Property (Ireland).

Cap. 32.

continuing under this Act all Proceedings consequent upon any Application for a Loan under the last-recited Act.

jLL And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, upon Application of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, from Time to Time to issue and advance out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland such Sum or Sums of Money, to be applied for the FotpoBes and' under the Provisions hereinafter contained, as tmay from Time to Time be required, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the Time being shall be the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, and shall for the Purposes of this Act be a Corporation with perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, to be by them altered or varied at their Pleasure; and such Commissioners shall have full Power, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, and of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to appoint so many and such Civil Engineers, Surveyors, Agriculturists, Architects, Builders, Clerks, and other Officers as may be necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into execution, in the same Manner as the said Commissioners of Public Works may now appoint any Officers and Clerks under any Act or Acts now in force in Ireland, and to pay to them such Salaries as may be determined on by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, upon Application made to them under the Provisions of this Act, and subject to such Buies and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make Loans under this Act for the following Purposes; (that is to say,) for the Drainage of any Lands by any such Means as the said Commissioners shall approve, for subsoiling, trenching, or otherwise deepening and improving the Soil, for Irrigation or warping of Land, for embanking Lands from the Sea or Tidal Waters or Bivers, for enclosing or fencing any Land, or improving the Fences, Drains, Streams, or Watercourses of any Land, for the Beclamation of Waste or other Land, for making Farm Roads, or for clearing Lands of Bocks and Stones.

V. And be it enacted, That no Loan under this Act shall be made until the Application for the same shall have been submitted to and sanctioned by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

VI. And be it enacted, That any Person seised of or entitled at Law or in Equity to Land as Tenant in Fee Simple, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or as Tenant in Dower or by Curtesy, and also any Person who shall be entitled to Land under any Will or Settlement, or any other Deed or Instrument (except a Grant or Lease reserving Bent), for his_ own Life or the Life of any other Person, or jointly for his own Life and the Life of anynther Person or Persons, or for Years determinable

on

Ml

Power to Treasury to make Advances not exceeding 1, 500,000l. for Ireland.

The Commissioners of Public Work# to be the Commissioners for the Execution of this Act.

Commissioners may make Loans for Works of Improvement.

No Loans to be made until sanctioned by Treasury.

Who shall be deemed Owner.

10 VICT,

Cap. 32. Landed Property [Ireland).

on such Life or Lives, and also any Person who shall be entitled to Land under any Lease granted by any Collegiate or Ecclesiastical Body, or other Corporation sole or aggregate, or under any Lease granted by any Person having immediate or derivative Title from or under any such Collegiate or Ecclesiastical Body, or other Corporation sole or aggregate, which last-mentioned Lease shall contain a Covenant of perpetual Renewal, or for Renewal toties qiioties, and also any Person who shall be entitled to Land under any Grant, Lease, or any other Deed or Assurance for an Estate in Fee, or for an Estate or Interest for any Life or Lives renewable for ever, or for a Term of Years absolute, whereof Forty Years or more shall be unexpired at the Time of Application, or for any Term of Forty Years or more renewable on the Fall of any Life or Lives, or for any Term or Terms of Years renewable for ever, whether such last-mentioned Persons shall he entitled to Land for any such Estate, Term, or Interest, either absolutely or as Tenant in Tail, or as quasi Tenant in Tail, or for Life, and also every Archbishop, Bishop, Parson, or other ecclesiastical Person as to Lands held by them in their respective corporate Capacities, and also every Feoffee or Trustee of any Land, or of any such Estate or Interest therein as aforesaid, for charitable or other Purposes, or of any Estate created for any Term of Years exceeding Forty Years unexpired, determinable upon the Execution or Fulfilment of any Trusts mentioned in any such Grant, Lease, Deed, or Assurance, and also every Trustee of any such Estate or Interest as aforesaid who shall be in the actual Possession of the Land or in receipt of the Rents payable by the Tenants of such Land, shall be deemed an Owner of such Land for the Purposes of this Act; and in every Case in which any Person seised, possessed of, or entitled to any such Land for any such Estate or Interest as aforesaid shall be an Infant, Feme Covert, Idiot, or Lunatic, the Guardian of such Infant, the Husband of such Feme Covert, and the Committee of the Estate of such idiot or Lunatic shall l*n deemed an Owner of such Land for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that no Person, except a Mortgagee in possession or receipt of Rent of the mortgaged Lands, or any Part thereof, shall be deemed an Owner for the Purposes of this Act for or by reason of any Estate vested in him which shall have been created by way of Mortgage, or for securing rim Payment of any Sum of Money, but that the Person who would be deemed an Owner for the Purposes of this Act, if such Estate by way of Mortgage or for securing any Money had not been created, shall, notwithstanding such Mortgage or Security, or any other Incumbrance, be deemed such Owner as aforesaid: Provided also, that a Feme Covert entitled to Rents and Profits for her separate Use, and whether or not restrained from Anticipation, shall for the Purposes of this Act be considered as a Feme Sole: Provided also, that where several Persons in succession shall have in any Land such Estates or I nterests as would entitle each of them, under the Provisions aforesaid, to be so deemed an Owner, such of the said Persons shall be deemed the

Owner

1847.

Landed Property (Ireland).

Cap. 32.

343

Owner for the Purposes of this Act as shall be in actual Occupation of the said Land; or in case the Person in actual Occupation shall not be entitled to be deemed an Owner under this Provision, then the Person who shall have the first such Estate or Interest as aforesaid therein in reversion or remainder to or above the Estate or Interest of the Person in actual Occupation as may entitle him to be deemed an Owner under this Provision shall be deemed the Owner for the Purposes of this Act: Provided also, that when the Owner first entitled as aforesaid shall (after Notice given to him in such Form and for such Period as the said Commissioners of Public Works shall from Time to Time direct by the Person having the next such Estate or Interest as aforesaid in reversion or remainder) refuse or neglect to make any such Application, then the Person having the next such Estate as aforesaid in reversion or remainder may, if he think fit to apply for a Loan under this Act, be deemed the Owner of such Lands for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be deemed the Owner for all such Purposes, if any Loan or Advance on account thereof shall, upon his Application, be made under this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Person seised or possessed of any Land under any Lease, reserving Rent for Two or more Lives in being at the Time of the Application, or for any Term of Years determinable on any Two or more Lives in being at the Time of Application, or for any Term of Years absolute, whereof there shall be at the Time of Application Twenty-five Years or more unexpired, who shall apply, under the Provisions of this Act, and shall give such Security as the said Commissioners of Public Works shall direct, for the Payment of the annual Amount of any Rent-charge which may become chargeable on such Land in respect of any Loan to be made under the Provisions of this Act by the Person so applying, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, during the Continuance of the Residue of such his Estate or Interest in the said Lands, or for so many Years as such Rent-charge under this Act shall be payable, if his Interest shall so long continue, may be deemed the Owner of such Land under the Provisions of this Act; and, unless specially provided by the Terms of holding, no such Application as aforesaid, nor any Act or Proceeding consequent thereupon under this Act, nor the charging of any Rent-charge on such Land shall be construed as a Breach of any Covenants or Conditions, subject to which any Person applying under this or the last preceding Clause may hold the Land: Provided always, that in case there shall be several Persons having such Interest as last-mentioned in the Lands, the Person entitled to apply for a Loan under the Provisions of this Act, or in case there shall be several such Applicants, the Person to be preferred shall be the Person in actual Occupation of the Lands, or in his Default, then the Person whose Estate or Interest in remainder or reversion shall be nearest to or above that of the actual Occupier; so always that no Loan shall be granted to any Applicant under this Provision except upon such Security as

before

Persons having certain Interests may qualify to be Owners.

Who shall be entitled to Loan where several Persons have an Interest in the Land.

No Loan to be granted except upon Security *

Cap. 32.

Landed Property (Ireland).

10 Vital

Joint Tenants, Tenants in ('ommon, 8cc. to be accounted as the Owner, under this Act.

Power for Court of Chancery in certain Cases to determine who may act as Owner for the Purposes of this Act.

Court of Chancery to make Rules and Orders as to Forms of Proceeding under this Act.

of Land of ob-Lioan

i Ap<

before mentioned being given for the Payment of any Rent-charge chargeable under this Act by the Person to whom any Loan shall be granted during the Continuance of the Residue of his Estate or Interest in the Land, or for such other Period as before mentioned; and no such Loan shall be granted to any such Applicant as aforesaid except he shall state in hid Application for the same the Name and Address of his immediate Landlord, or Person entitled to the next Estate or Interest in the Land on the Determination of his Lease, and shall have given Notice to such Landlord or Person of his Intention to apply for such Loan, and shall satisfy the said Commissioners that such Notice has been given. '

VIII. And be it enacted, That Joint Tenants, Tenants in Common, and Coparceners of any Land may in respect thereof be accounted as the Owner under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that any such Person or Persons interested in or possessing more than One Half of such Land may, subject to the Provisions aforesaid, be deemed entitled to apply for a Loan under this Act; and any such Application, and the Proceedings thereon, shall be binding upon the other Persons interested in such Lands, and upon their Estates and Interests therein.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case in which there shall appear to the Commissioners of Public Works to be any Doubt or Question as to who may be the Owner of any Lands within the Meaning of this Act, either as to the whole of such Lands, or any Portion thereof, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons claiming to be entitled to or interested in any such Lands, or any Portion thereof, or the Rents thereof, or of any Portion thereof, to apply by Petition to the Court df Chancery in a summary Way For an Order to determine who shall be the proper Person to apply as Owner under this Act, and thereupon such Court shall make such Order as may seem fit for the Purpose of determining who shall be the proper Person to apply as Owner under the Provisions of this Act; pnd it shall be lawful for any Person so determined to be the Owner to do all Acts which any Owner as defined in this Act is authorized and empowered to do under this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lor^ Chancellor of Ireland, with the Advice and Consent of the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, from Time to Time and as often as Circumstances shall require, to make and prescribe such Rules and Orders concerning the Form and Mode of any Proceedings to be had and taken in Chancery for the Purposes of this Act, and the Practice to be observed by the Court in relation to such Proceedings or any Matters Incident thereto, as shall from Time to Time seem necessary, or expedient.

XI. And be it enacted, That any Owner of Land within the Meaning of this Act who may propose to improve the same under the Provisions of this Act may apply to the said Commissioners,

18477 . Landed Property (Ireland). Cap. 32. 345

nuasipners of Public Works by Memorial for a Loan, and such Commissioners Memorial shall be made in the Form in the Schedule (A.) to ^jJ^emorj, in this Act annexed, or as near thereto as in the Opinion of the LhedulTcA.) said Commissioners the Circumstances of the Case will admit, and shall contain the Names or Denominations of the Lands proposed to be charged, and on which or on any Part of which aqy such Improvements as aforesaid are proposed to be made, the Estate or Interest which such Applicant may have in such Land, the estimated Expence of effecting the proposed Improvements, the Amount of Quit Rents and Rent-charges in lieu of Tithes, payable in respect of such Land or any Part thereof, the annual Value of such Land, and the estimated Increase in the annual Value expected to arise to the Lands the Subject of such Improvement; and every such Memorial, shall be accompanied by a Plan of such Lands, as well as by an Estimate and Specification in detail of the proposed Works, together with such other Plans and Particulars (if any) as the said Commissioners by any Rules or Regulations to be made by them from Time to Time may require,

XII. And be it enacted, That when the Land to which the As to Lands Application for a Loan under this Act shall relate shall be Land held *n ris*lt of hela in right of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, the Commissioners Benefice' of Public Works shall not proceed thereon unless the Bishop of the Dk>cese and the Patron of such Benefice shall have consented in Writing to such Application; and for the Purposes of this Act the Person or Persons (if not more than Two), or the Majority of the Persons (if more than Two), or the Guardian,

Committee, Husband, or Attorney (as the Case may be) of any such Person or Persons respectively, being Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, Femes Covert, or beyond the Seas, or the Corporation, who or which would for the Time being be entitled to the Right of Presentation to any Benefice, if the same were then vacant, shall be considered as the Patron thereof; and in case of the Queen being the Patron, the Consent in that Behalf of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals shall be as good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Consent of Her Majesty had been there-r unto duly signified as by Law required; and any Corporation may|consent by. Writing under the Common Seal of such Corporation,

XIII. And, be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Commi»ian«rs Public Works may require Security, by Deposit, Bond, or otherwise to bp given to them in such Form as they may Report upon think fit, by the Owner of the Land making the Application, or fd investigat-by any pther Person on his Behalf or jointly with him, for the infiAPP1, cation* Payment to the said Commissioners of suen Sum as the said Commissioners may require to defray the Expences of obtaining a Report upon and investigating the Subject of any such Appli-cafroDj including all Expences consequent upon any such Investigation; and, unless the said Commissioners shall otherwise dnecV such Payment shall be made by the Person making the

Application,

Cap. 32. Landed Property (Ireland). IO Vict.

Application, and that whether any Loan shall be made upon the Application or not.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Advance under this Act shall be made on the Security of the Lands the Subject of such Application as aforesaid, the Costs and Expences of the Investigation by the said Commissioners may, on the Application of the Party liable to pay the same, be included in the Sum in respect of which a Rent-charge shall be charged on such Lands under the Provisions of this Act.

XV. And be it enacted, That with a view to expedite the advance Money Proceedings preliminary to the Execution of any of the Works

under this Act it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of

SIOIICTS lU IUtxl, ...» i - ,

preliminary Her Majesty's Treasury, on the Application of the Commis-

Expences. sioners of Public Works, to direct that any Sum or Sums of

Money, not exceeding in the whole thfe Sum of Five thousand Pounds in any One Year, required for the Purposes of any such preliminary Investigation and Proceedings as aforesaid by the said last-mentioned Commissioners, shall be advanced and paid to them out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and applied by the said Commissioners in making the necessary Survey, Inspection, and Investigation, and in taking all other Proceedings preliminary to making any Loan or Advance under this Act; and all and every Sum or Sums of Money so to be advanced and paid out of the Consolidated Fund as aforesaid shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund by the Commissioners of Public Works on behalf of the Party on whose Account or at whose Instance such Expences may have been incurred, either out of the first or other Monies advanced for the Purpose of executing the Works the Subject of such preliminary Inquiry, and to be for that Purpose retained by the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland out of the Monies so advanced, and to be by the said Paymaster of Civil Services paid over to the said Commissioners, on their Certificate, to be made for that Purpose; or (in case where the Execution of the necessary Works shall not be proceeded with, either in consequence of the said last-mentioned Commissioners not approving of the same, or from any other Cause,) such Sum or Sums of Money shall be repaid out of the Monies to be paid to the said last-mentioned Commissioners by the Party or Person who shall have made Application for the Execution of any such Works, and to be recovered by the said last-mentioned Commissioners under the Security herein-before by this Act authorized to be taken for this Purpose.

Commissioners

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, if Land^and Plan ^ey stall think fit, shall cause the Land, and the Plan, Esti-&c "of Works ' mate, and Specification of the Works proposed in any Appli-i>reposed, to be cation, to be inspected and examined by a competent Person, inspected by a who Shall report his Opinion thereon, and also whether the Person?who proposed or any other Works will effect immediately or pro-shali report his spectively an Improvement in the annual Value of the Land to Opinion there- an Amount exceeding the utmost annual Amount to be charged on' thereon

346

I f an Advance shall be made, Expences of Inquiry may form Part of tl»e 'harge on th Land.

Treasury may

V

1847. Landed Property (Ireland). Cap. 32.

thereon under this Act in respect of the Advance applied for, or the Sum necessary to be expended, and he shall annex to such Report either the Plan, Specification, and Estimate s<> furnished to the said Commissioners by the Applicant, or some other Plan, Specification, or Estimate for effecting and carrying out the Works in a substantial and durable Manner; and the said Commissioners may make such further and other Inquiries in relation to any such Application as they may think fit, anc! may alter or modify any such Plans, Specifications, and Estimates in such Manner as they may think fit: Provided always, that no Charge, Security, or Proceeding under this Act shall be impeached or questioned at Law or in Equity by reason that the annual Value of any Lands may not actually be improved by the Works effected.

XVII. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of any Inspection, Survey, or Inquiry directed or necessary under any of the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by themselves, or by their Surveyors, Engineers, Agriculturists, Architects, Builders, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, to enter upon any Lands with respect to which any Workh shall be executed, or shall be proposed to be executed under this Act, or any Lands adjoining thereto, and to dig or bore therein, and also to examine any Weir, Sluice, or Floodgate erected in or upon any River or Stream, and to open or raise or shut or close, and to keep open or raised, shut or closed, for a reasonable Time, any such Floodgate or Sluice for the Purposes of any such Inquiry, and to make any Soundings, or bore the Bed or Channel of any Part of such River, or any Millcourse connected therewith, making reasonable Compensation for any Damage done thereby; and the Amount of such Compensation shall (if not previously agreed upon between the Parties and the said Commissioners) be ascertained by Two or more Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions in or for the District wherein any such Damage shall be committed; and such Justices shall be authorized and required to inquire into and determine the same, and for that Purpose to examine on Oath or otherwise, as by Law authorized, all such Witnesses as shall be produced before them, and to make such Order as to them shall seem just for the Payment of the Amount of such Damage by the Commissioners to the Party aggrieved, which said Order shall be final and conclusive, and such Damages shall be taken as Part of the Costs of the Inquiry: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, their Surveyors, Engineers, Agriculturists, Architects, Builders, Agents, Officers, and Workmen, may enter upon such Lands as aforesaid, and do all necessary Matters and Things by this Act authorized previously to or pending the Decision of such Justices.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make such Rules and Regulations as they shall from Time to Time think proper with respect to Applications for Advances under this Act, and

to

Commissioners, Stc. may enter Lands for the Purposes of Survey or Inquiry, making Compensation for Damages.

Amount of Compensation, if not previously settled, to be determined by Justices.

Commissioners, &c. may enter upon Lands pending Decision of Justices.

Commissioners may make llulcs, See. with respect to Applications for Advances under this Act.

Commissioners to give Notice, by Advertisement, of Applications for Loans.

Parties objecting to Application to transmit to Commissioners their Dissent, &c.

I n Cases where Commissioners receive any Dissent, they shall call a Meeting and hear Objections.

Cap. 32. banded Property (Ireland). 10 VICT,

to issue such Instructions and Forms as they may think proper for the Guidance of and Observance by Persons applying for or receiving Loans, or executing Works, or rendering Accounts of Monies advanced under this Act, and with respect to all other Matters in and about the Execution of this Act not hereby especially referred to the Determination of any other Person, Court or Body.

XIX. And be it enacted, That on Receipt of any such Application by Memorial as herein-before mentioned the said Commissioners of Public Works shall (if they think proper to entertain the same) give Notice thereof by Advertisement, to be published once in the Dublin Gazette, and for Two successive Weeks (once at least in each Week) in any Newspaper circulating in the County in which the Lands the Subject of any such Memorial shall be situate, or in any Newspaper printed and published in Dublin, which Notice shall contain the Name of the Memorialist, and the Names or such Description as the said Commissioners shall think sufficient of the Lands in respect of which such Memorial shall have been presented, together with the Amount of Loan applied for, and by which Notice all Parties claiming to be interested in the Lands the Subject of any such Memorial, and all other Parties whom it may concern, shall be required on or before a Day therein to be named, not sooner than Two Weeks from the said Publication in the Dublin Gazette, to transmit to the said Commissioners in Dublin their Dissent or Objection (if any) to any such Memorial, or to any Statement therein contained, or to the Loan applied for by any such Memorial, with their Reasons for such Dissent or Objection; and in case any Person shall, within such Period so named as aforesaid, signify in Writing to the said Commissioners such Dissent or Objection as aforesaid, and the Nature of his Estate or Interest in or Charge upon the said Land (if any), the said Commissioners shall notify such Dissent to the Person by whom such Memorial shall have been presented, or to the Owner for the Time being of such Land, and shall not make any such Loan till such Dissent or Objection shall have been withdrawn, or an Order shall have been made thereon in the Manner hereinafter provided.

XX. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which the said Commissioners of Public Works shall receive any such Dissent or Objection as aforesaid in Writing within such Period as aforesaid (unless such Dissent or Objection shall be withdrawn) they shall, on a Day not sooner than One Week from the Day limited by such Notice for the Transmission of such Dissent or Objection as aforesaid, to be stated in such Notice, or to be fixed by some subsequent Notice to be published as aforesaid, call a Meeting at their Office in Dublin or elsewhere of all Persons claiming to be interested in the said Lands, and of such other Persons as the said Commissioners may think fit to summon (and which Meeting, as well as every other Meeting to be held under this Act, may be held and pre* sided over by any one of the said Commissioners, who shall have

Power

1847.* Landed Property (Ireland). Cap. 32. 349

Power from Time to Time to adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place as they may think proper), and hear and in-qnire into such Objections and Dissents, and all such other Matters and Things as shall be then and there brought before them, and shall and may receive any Evidence touching or pertinent to the same, upon Oath or otherwise, as by Law authorized; and in such Case, or in case no Dissent or Objection shall be received as aforesaid (in which Case no Notice of Meeting need be given), and if the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that it will be beneficial to all Persons interested in the Land to winch such Application shall relate that such Loan should be made, the said Commissioners shall make such Order under their Common Seal in the Premises as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit with respect to the making of such Loan, or the Execution of the proposed Works; and every such Order shall be in Writing under their Common Seal, and shall contain the Name of the Lands to be charged with such Loan, the Name of the Memorialist, the Amount of the Loan (if any) proposed to be made, and such other Matters as the said Commissioners may think proper.

XXI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where the Com- Commissioner!

missioners shall have made any such Order for a Loan as afore- Loei

said they shall execute under their Common Seal a Duplicate at the Expence thereof, and shall, at the Expence of the Owner applying for of Owner, such Loan, or other the Owner for the Time being, forthwith

cause the said Duplicate of such Order to be registered in the Office for Registry of Deeds in the City of Dublin; and the Registrar of the said Registry Office, his and their Assistant,

Deputies, and other Officers, shall be required to register the same, and all other Instruments by this Act directed or authorized to be registered, in the same Manner as any Deeds or Instruments are registered in said Office, and to enter a Memorial thereof in the Abstract Books and Indexes of or relating to Memorials registered and kept in the said Office, subject to the Payment of such Fees as may now be lawfully demanded upon Registration; and further, when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have advanced the total Amount of the Loan by them agreed to be advanced, or which shall become payable under the Provisions of this Act, they shall execute in Duplicate a Certificate under their Common Seal stating the Amount of the Sums actually advanced, and the Times of advancing the same, and shall, at the Expence of the Owner applying for such Loan, or other the Owner for the Time being, forthwith cause one of the said Certificates to be registered in such Manner as is herein-before provided with respect to such Order.

XXII. And be it enacted, That from the Date of the Re- The Lands to gistry of such Order the several Lands therein mentioned shall,

in case any Loan or Advance shall be granted in respect thereof, pa^nt DfC become charged (in the Manner and with the Priority by this Rent-charge Act provided; with the Rent-charge to be payable under the Provisions of this Act in respect of such Loan; and every such try*uc eglS Order in respect of the Lauds therein specified shall be binding

350

Errors and Omissions not to invalidate Proceedings.

Treasury to make Regulations for placing Monies at the Disposal of the Paymaster of Civil Services.

Two separate Accounts to be opened by the Bank of Ireland.

The Commissioners, with the Sanction of the Treasury, may make Loans.

Cap. 32. Landed Property (Ireland). 10 Vict.

upon all Persons having any Estate or Interest in such Lands, or Lien or Incumbrance thereon, and shall be conclusive Evidence that the several Proceedings herein-before directed to be taken and observed have been duly complied with; and that all Dissents or Objections to the making of any Loan have been withdrawn, disallowed, or removed; and it shall not be lawful for any Person to question such Order of the said Commissioners of Public Works, or any Advances of Money to be made in pursuance thereof, in respect of any thing whatsoever done or omitted to be done under the Provisions of this Act, or for any other Reason whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Error, Misdescription, Misnomer, Mis-statement, or Omission in any Memorial, Schedule, Plan, Section, Estimate, Notice, or other Document or Proceeding under this Act, prepared, lodged, registered, riven, or taken by or to the said Commissioners of Public Works, shall invalidate the same or any of them, or any of the Proceedings under this Act, nor shall any Error or Omission whatever in any of the Proceedings preliminary to the Order for a Loan, or in any such Order, affect or invalidate any such Proceedings or Order, or the Powers and Authorities of the said Commissioners, or prevent the proceeding with the Execution of any Works under this Act, or the doing all Matters in the Judgment of the said Commissioners requisite for carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect, or affect any Matter or Thing done or omitted to be done by the said Commissioners in and about the Matter of this Act, or invalidate or affect any Rent-charge chargeable under this Act; and it shall not be lawful for any Person whomsoever to question or appeal against or in respect of any thing so done or omitted to be done by the said Commissioners; nor shall any Proceedings by or on behalf of the said Commissioners be removable by Certiorari or otherwise into any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to make such Rules and Regulations as they may consider necessary for the Purpose of placing at the Disposal of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland such Sums of Money as may from Time to Time be necessary for the Purpose of making Loans and Advances under the Provisions of this Act, to be from Time to Time made on the Certificate of the and Commissioners of Public Works.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall cause Two separate Accounts to be opened in their Books with the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, one under the Title of " Improvement of Land Advances Account," and the other under the Title of(t Improvement of Lands Repayments Account."

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if the said Commissioners of Public Works shall think that a Loan in respect of any such Application would be expedient, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by and with the Sanction of the Commissioners

c.

wr.

Landed Property (Ireland). Cap. 32.

351

doners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to make such Loan, and to certify to the Paymaster of Civil Services for the Issue of the Instalments of the same as after mentioned, to the Owner of the Land by whom such Application shall have been made, or, in case his Interest shall have determined at the Date of the first or any subsequent Instalment, to the Owner for the Time being of such Lana, or to such other Party or Parties as they shall think fit: Provided always, that no Loan shall be made under this Act for a less Sum than the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every Loan to be made by Every Loan to the said Commissioners of Public Works under this Act shall be *issued b* made and issued by Instalments not exceeding at any Time One In8t

Fifth of the entire Sum, together with the Costs and Expences of Investigation as aforesaid, and that no second or any subsequent Instalment of any such Loan shall be made until it shall have been proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, in such Manner as they shall require, that the preceding Instalment has been properly expended on such Works or Improvement, pursuant to the Plan, Specification, and Estimate which shall have been sanctioned and approved of by the said Commissioners, or such other Plan, Specification, or Estimate as the said Commissioners may think fit from Time to Time to sanction and approve of: Provided always, that no One Instalment of any such Loan shall in any Case exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioner* said Commissioners of Public Works, either before or after any fort^*5cu{-ty Advance on account of any Loan under this Act shall be made, ^tion of the " to require and take such Security, by Bond or otherwise, as Money.

they may think right, from every or any Person to whom any such Loan may be agreed to be made as aforesaid, or who may become entitled to receive any Part thereof, or from any other Person jointly with or on behalf of any such Person, such Security to be conditioned to apply the Monies advanced or to be advanced to and for the Purposes specified in the Plan,

Specification, and Estimate from Time to Time approved of by the said Commissioners, and to no other Purpose whatsoever, and also well and truly to account to the said Commissioners for the Application of the Monies to be from Time to Time advanced by the said Commissioners, and also to lay before such Commissioners, whensoever required, such Statements and Reports of the Works for which such Loan may have been made as the Commissioners shall think fit, so as all such Works be completed within such Period as may, previously to making any such Loan or Advance, be fixed by the said Commissioners, or within such further Period as they may fix from Time to Time, such Periods not exceeding in the whole Three Years from the Date of the first Advance on account of any such Loan.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all Labourers hired or Labourers to be employed to execute any Works or Improvements effected Paid in Money* unaer the Authority of this Act shall receive the full Value or Consideration which shall be agreed to be given for their

Labour

352

Commianonert on Application of Owners may sanction Alterations, and make further Advance if necessary.

Commissioners may sanction Alterations in certain Cases for reducing the Expence of Works.

Cap. 32. landed Property (Ireland). 10 Vict.

Labour respectively in the current Coin of the Realm, and not otherwise.

XXX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Works shall have been commenced, or shall be carried on under this Act, according to any Plan, Specification, or Estimate which shall have been originally approved of by the Commissioners of Public Works, and it shall, from any Alteration of Circumstances, appear to the Commissioners that it would be expedient so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, on the Application of any Owner for that Purpose, from Time to Time to sanction the Alteration or Modification of any such Plans, Specifications, or Estimates so originally approved of to such Extent as may be sufficient for the Purposes of this Act, and to direct the Works to be carried on according to the Plan, Specification, or Estimate so altered or modified; and in case any such Alteration or Modification shall require the Advance of any further Sum of Money for the Completion of the Works not exceeding One Fifth Part of the Loan originally sanctioned, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to advance any such further Sum as shall be necessary; and the Order of the Commissioners directing any such further Advance shall be sufficient, without any formal Application or other Proceeding as is herein-before directed with respect to the original Charge, and shall be registered in like Manner as any Order herein-before authorized to be made for advancing any Money, and shall have the same Effect as any such Order so herein-before authorized; and the Lands therein specified shall thereon become charged with the Payment in manner by this Act directed of a Rent-charge bearing such Proportions as aforesaid to the Amount of such further Advance.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That where any Works shall have been commenced, or shall be carried on under this Act, according to any Plan, Specification, or Estimate which shall have been originally approved of by the Commissioners of Public Works, and it shall appear to the said Commissioners, from any Alteration of Circumstances or otherwise, that the Estimate or the Works originally proposed may be modified or altered by reducing the same, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner* from Time to Time to alter or modify any such Plans, Specifications, or Estimates so originally approved of, by reducing the proposed Works or the Estimates thereof, so always that the Works to be carried on according to the modified Plans, Specifications, or Estimates shall in the Opinion of the Commissioners be of a Nature to effect a sufficient Improvement for the Purposes of this Act in the annual Value of the Lands; and also it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Order as aforesaid, without any previous Sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, to withhold any Instalment or Part of the Loan originally agreed to be made for the proposed Works to an Extent corresponding in their Judgment to the diminished Expenditure, and to diminish the Rent-charge which would

otherwise

1MTJ Landed Property (Ireland). Cap. 32. 353

otherwise have become charged on the Lands in proportion to the diminished Advance so to be made.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Provisions herein- Provisions as to before contained as to the Alteration or Modification of any Alter* ion*, &c* Plans, Specifications, or Estimates shall apply as well in Cases Casw where where the Works shall be carried on by or on behalf of the said Lands have Commissioners of Public Works having entered on any Lands beQn entered on as by this Act is provided for any Default, as where they shall be carried on by any other Person.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That if Default shall be made In default of

in the due Application of any Instalment of any Loan made for jjf L^Tn«tai10Tl the Purpose of this Act, or if the Owner to whom any such ment of Loan Loan may have been agreed to be made, or if the Person for Commissioners the Time being bound to execute the Works for which such "^esTndmay Loan shall have been agreed to be made, shall omit or neglect enter upon so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Lands and com-Works, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Ma- Majesty's Treasury, to stop all further Advances in respect to such Works, or it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, with such Sanction as aforesaid, or any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, (if they shall think fit, either for the Benefit of the Person entitled next in remainder or reversion to the said Lands on the Security of which any such Loan shall have been agreed to be made, or for the Purpose of better securing such Loan,) to enter upon such Lands, and proceed to complete the necessary Works, and all Monies paid by the said Commissioners of Public Works for the Completion of the Works shall be taken as Part of the Loan agreed to be by them made, and shall be repaid by such llent-charge out of such Lands, to be raised from such Lands in manner herein-before provided; and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, by any Order in that Behalf, to fix the Date from which any lient-charge in respect of any Payment made by them after having so entered shall be computed, and the Day whereon the first Payment thereof shall be made, and also for the Completion of any such Works as aforesaid to apply> any Monies which may be recovered by them under any Security to be given to them as aforesaid for the Completion of the said W orks.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which Power to Com-the said Commissioners of Public Works shall have entered as in, ss, °'iers *"

case ol entering

by this Act is provided upon any Lands for the Completion of to complete any Works, if the Residue of the Monies originally agreed to be Work* to ex-advanced by the said Commissioners shall not in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be sufficient to complete the Works, may be neces-it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Sanction *ary. of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to expend such further Sum as they may think beneficial to all Persons interested in the Land, and necessary to make any Works commenced available for the Improvement of the Land; and the Order of the said Commissioners of Public Works directing any «uoh further Expenditure shall be registered in like Manner, and ., Z 3 shall

354

Nothing to prevent Owners applying for new Loans on the Security of Lands already improved.

Owner may, upon receiving Part of Loan, enter upon Lands of which he is Owner, making Compensation for Damage done.

A Rent-charge of 61. 10*. to be charged for every 100/. advanced.

Cap. 32. Landed Property (Ireland). 10 Vict.

shall have the same Effect, as any Order directing an Advance; and the Lands therein specified shall, from the Date of such Order, become charged with the Payment, in manner by this Act directed, of a Rent-charge bearing such Proportion as aforesaid to the Amount of such further Advance; and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any such Order, to fix the Date from which any such Rent-charge shall be computed, and the Day whereon the first Payment thereof shall be made.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent any Owner of Land which shall have been improved under the Provisions of this Act from applying for a new Loan, nor to prevent the Commissioners of Public Works, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of the Treasury, as herein-before directed, from making any new Loan, under the Provisions of this Act, on the Security of Lands already improved, as often as it shall appear to them that any new Works proposed will effect (either immediately or prospectively) an Improvement in the annual Value of the Lands intended to be improved to an Amount exceeding the utmost annual Amount to be charged thereon under this Act in resj>ect of the new Loan applied for; and that all the Provisions in this Act contained with respect to any first Application for a Loan, and the Proceedings thereon, shall apply to any Application for a fresh Loan in respect of Lands already improved under this Act.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Owner, upon receiving any Part of such Loan as aforesaid, or sooner if sanctioned by the said Commissioners of Public Works, by himself, his Engineers, Agents, and Workmen, from Time to Time to enter upon any Lands of which he shall be Owner within the Provisions of this Act, making such Compensation to any Person or Persons for any Damage or Injury done thereby in the same Manner and subject to the like Provisions as in Cases of Compensation to be nude by the said Commissioners of Public Works in respect of any Damage done by the said Commissioners (except as to the adding of any Damage to the Sum in respect of which a Rent-charge is to be charged under this Act), and to execute all the necessary Works for which such Loan may be made, notwithstanding that any other Person or Persons may have any other Estate or Interest in the same Lands.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That in case any Loan shall be made under this Act the Lands specified in such Order of the said Commissioners of Public Works as before mentioned for the making of such Loan shall from the Date of such Order become charged with the Payment to Her Majesty of an annual Rent-charge of Six Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of such Loan from Time to Time advanced, including such Costs and Expences of Investigation as aforesaid, and so on in proportion for any lesser Amount, and to be payable for the Term of Twenty-two Years, to be computed from the Fifth Day of April or Tenth Day of October which shall

next

landed Property (Ireland).

Cap. 32.

355

next happen after the Advance in respect of which the Rent-charge shall be charged, such Rent-charge to be paid by equal half-yearly Payments on the Fifth Day of April and Tenth Day of October in every Year, the first of such Payments to be made on the second of such Days which shall happen next after the Issue of any such Advance in respect of which the Rent-charge shall be charged.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That every such Rent-charge Rent-charges to

to be secured by virtue of this Act shall take Priority of all of

Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever and whensoever made, save^it*8*' save and except Quit Rents and Rent-charges in lieu of Tithes, Rents, &c. and also save and except all Charges prior in Date, if any,

existing under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Session

of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign

of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Drain- -5 & 6 Vict. c. 89.

age of Lands and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power

in connexion with such Drainage in Ireland, and Two other Acts

since passed amending the same Act, or under and by virtue of

this Act.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That if any half-yearly Pay- Recovery of ment of such Rent-charge shall remain unpaid by the Space of Twenty-one Days next after the Day on which the same should Receiver in be paid as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Court of default of Chancery in Ireland, upon the Petition of the Attorney General PayraenU for Ireland for the Time being, to appoint a Receiver of the

Rents, Profits, and Issues of the Lands liable to any such Rent-charge, who shall have the same Powers as any other Receiver of the said Court of Chancery, and shall apply the same Rents,

Profits, and Issues (after Deduction of the necessary Expences of the Application to the said Court, and the other Expences consequent thereon, and after Payment of all Outgoings in respect of any Charges or Incumbrances having Priority under this Act, and the Costs of Collection and of the Receiver,) in or towards Payment of the said Rent-charge.

XL. And be it enacted, That if any such Rent-charge, or If Rent-charge any half-yearly Payment thereof, or any Part thereof, (not exceeding m Amount the Sum of Fifty Pounds,) shall remain Days, the same unpaid for the Space of Thirty-one Days next after the same mayberecover-shall be due, then, in addition to the other Powers in and by this Act given, it shall be lawful for the Attorney General for Ireland for the Time being to recover the same by Civil Bill against the Person who for the Time being under this Act was or shall from Time to Time be liable to pay the same.

XLI. And be it enacted, That the llent-charges which shall Rent-charges become chargeable on Lands under this Act shall be paid to Crated* such Person or in such Manner as the said Commissioners of airec Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time signify and appoint by Notice to be published in the Dublin Gazette for that Purpose; and all Monies so paid shall be paid into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the Paymaster of Civil Services, and by him carried to the Account of the Consolidated Frmd; and the Receipt of any Person so appointed, or of the

356

Cap. 32.

Landed Property (Ireland).

lOVICT

than Time appointed.

Owners for the Time being to keep down Rent-charges.

said Paymaster, as the Case may be, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

Trg^maybe

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, if any increased so as Owner shall so desire it, the Amount of such Rent-charge may, to pay off Sum with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Trea-advanced sooner increased to such Amount as will repay the Sum so

advanced sooner than the said Period of Twenty-two Years herein-before appointed for the Payment of such Rent-charge, such increased Amount of Rent-charge to be calculated according to the Table in the Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed for that Purpose.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That every Owner of Land so charged as aforesaid, and absolutely entitled thereto, shall be the Party to pay the said Rent-charge; and every Owner of Land for the Time being within the Meaning of this Act, being Tenant for Life, or having a limited or determinable Interest in the Lands charged, and every succeeding Tenant for Life or other Person having a limited or determinable Interest in such Land liable to such Rent-charge, shall, as between such Person and the Persons in remainder or reversion, be bound to pay the half-yearly Payments of such Rent-charge which shall become payable during the Continuance of his Interest, and, in case he shall be in the actual Occupation of or entitled to an apportioned Part of the Rents and Profits of such Land up to the Time of the Termination of his Interest, shall also be bound to pay an apportioned Part of the half-yearly Payment of such ltent-charge which shall become due next after the Termination of his Interest, proportioned to the Time which shall have elapsed between the Day of the previous half-yearly Payment and the Day of such Termination.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That any Person entitled to Land charged with any such Rent-charge shall be at liberty, at any Time before the Expiration of Twenty Years after the Commencement thereof, to redeem such Rent-charge or any Part thereof, not being less than Ten Pounds annual Change, on Payment to the Paymaster of Civil Services of the Arrear (if any) thereof, and of such Sum as shall be equal to the Value of such Rent-charge, to be ascertained according to the Table in Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed for that Purpose; and the said Paymaster of Civil Services shall issue and deliver to such Owner a Certificate of such Redemption; and all Monies to be so paid to the Paymaster of Civil Services shall be applied by him in the Manner herein provided with respect to Monies to be received for Rent-charges.

XL Y. And be it enacted, That every Occupier of Land who, not being the Owner thereof within the Meaning of this Act, and liable to the Rent-charge charged thereon, shall pay any deduct the same Sum of Money for the Land in his Occupation on account of from his Rent. any sucl1 Rent-charge, shall be authorized to deduct from and out of his Rent the Amount of the Sum of Money which he shall so pay as aforesaid; and the next immediate Landlord of such Occupier, if not himself such Owner, and liable to such

Rent-

Owners may redeem Rent-charges.

Occupier paying Money on account of Landlord to

1847. r Landed Property {IreUnd)* Cap. 82;

ent-charge as aforesaid, shall be authorized to make the like Deduction from the Rent payable by him, and so on, each Sub-Lessee and Sub-Lessor of such Land (not being such Owner) being entitled to deduct the Sum so paid on account of such Rent-charge from and out of the Bent payable to his next immediate Landlord, until such Deduction shall be made from the Bent payable to a Person being the Owner within the Meaning of this Act, and liable to such Rent-charge as aforesaid, who shall not be entitled to make any such Deduction from the Rent (if any) payable by him; and every such Occupier,

Sub-Lessee, or Sub-Lessor, as the Case may be, paying any such Sum of Money, shall be acquitted and discharged of the Sum so paid by him as fully and effectually as if the same had been actually paid to his Landlord (except where there shall be any Lease or Agreement to the contrary made after the passing of this Act); but nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to enable any such Occupier, Sub-Lessee, or Sub-Lessor to deduct from his Rent any Costs or Expences incurred by the Nonpayment of the Monies charged and to be levied under and by virtue of this Act.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Land which Commissioners shall be so improved as aforesaid shall at any Time, not later than Twelve Months after the Completion of the Works for the lUntoTTenanu Improvement thereof, be in the Occupation of any Person who shall not be the Owner thereof within the Meaning of this Act liable to such Rent-charge, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners of Public Works shall, if required so to do by or on behalf of the Owner of such Land for the Time being liable to such Rent-charge, or by or on behalf of the Occupier of such Land, determine the Amount of increased Rent, if any, which the Occupier of such Lands ought (immediately or prospectively at one fixed or at a progressive Rent) to pay by reason of the improving thereof under the Provisions of this Act, and shall signify their Determination by Endorsement in Writing on the Lease or other Instrument, if any, by which such Lands may be held, or by a separate Instrument under their Corporate Seal, in which Determination the Commissioners shall be bound to have regard and as far as possible to give effect to any Agreement which shall be shown to their Satisfaction to have been entered into by the Proprietor and any Person or Persons having an immediate or derivative Title from him in the said Lands respecting the Improvement thereof under the Provisions of this Act; and the Occupier of such Lands shall pay to his next immediate Landlord the said increased Rent, and the immediate Landlord of such Occupier, if not himself such Owner as last aforesaid, shall pay the said increased Rent to his immediate Landlord, and so successively each Sub-Lessor and Sub-Lessee of such Land, not being such Owner as last aforesaid, shall pay the same to his immediate Landlord until such Payment shall be made to the Owner of such Lands within the Meaning of this Act; and the said increased Rent shall be due and payable at the same Times as the Bent originally reserved would be due

and

lOVICT.

358

A Portion of Lands liable to Rent-charge may be released

in certain Cases.

Paymaster to give Certificate of Amount of Advances and Rent-charge.

Power of Sale by the Paymaster, with the Direction of the Court of Chancery.

Cap. 32. Landed Property (Ireland).

and payable between the respective Parties and the Landlord of such Occupier; and every Landlord entitled under the Provision aforesaid shall have the same Remedies for the Recovery of such increased Rent as he or they might have or were entitled to have for the Rent originally reserved.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time and at any Time when and so often as by reason of the Improvement in Value of any Lands in respect of which any Loan shall have been made under this Act, or by reason of the Redemption of any Part of the Loan, any Portion of the Lands charged with any Rent-charge shall appear to them a sufficient Security for the whole of such Rent-charge, by any Deed or Instrument under their Common Seal to release any of the Lands originally charged with the said Rent-charge from the Payment thereof; and no Release of any Portion of the Lands charged with a Rent-charge under this Act shall in anywise avoid, diminish, or affect any Remedies by this Act given or otherwise to be had and exercised for the Recovery of such Rent-charge in respect of the Residue of the Lands therewith charged: Provided nevertheless, that such Release shall not be effectual unless the same be made with the Consent in Writing of all Persons having any Charge or Incumbrance on such Part of the Land as shall continue liable to the Rent-charge.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Paymaster of Civil Services from Time to Time and at any Time, at the Request of any Person to whom any Money shall have been lent under this Act, or of any Person for the Time being liable to pay any Rent-charge created under this Act, or for the Time being interested in any Lands charged with such Rent-charge, and at the Expence of the Person requiring the same, to deliver or cause to be delivered to any such Person a Certificate under his Hand showing, as the Case may be, the Amount of Money for the Time being advanced or to be advanced under the Provisions of this Act on the Security of the Lands to be specified in any such Certificate, and the respective Instalments made or to be made in respect thereof, and the Dates of such Instalments respectively, the Amount of Rent-charge for the Time being charged upon such Lands under the Provisions of this Act, the Date of Commencement thereof, or of the first or any subsequent Payment thereof, the Number Qf Payments made or to be made or in arrear for the Time being, or any of such Matters respectively; and every such Certificate shall be Evidence of all and every the Matters therein specified.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That if any such Rent-charge shall be in arrear for the Space of Two Years next after any of the Days on which the same should be paid as aforesaid, then and in any such Case it shall be lawful for the said Paymaster for the Time being, after Notice to the Owner of such Land or his known Agent, and by Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to apply in a summary Manner to the Court of

Landed Property (Ireland). Cap. 32.

of Chancery in Ireland for an Order for the Sale of all or a competent Part of the Lands so charged, and on satisfactory Proof being adduced that the said Rent-charge is so in arrear, then the said Court shall by Order authorize and direct the Paymaster of Civil Services, without any further Process, Writ, or other Proceeding, by Sale of the Lands liable to such Rent-charge, subject as herein-after mentioned, or a competent Part thereof, to raise such Sum of Money as shall be sufficient to repay all Monies due and in arrear at the Time of Sale in respect of such Rent-charge, and of any other Rent-charge charged on the said Lands under this Act, and the Value of the said Rent-charge or Rent-charges thereafter to become payable out of the Lands liable to such Rent-charge or Rent-charges under this Act (such Value to be ascertained in the same Manner as the Value of any Rent-charge to be redeemed as by this Act provided), and ail Costs as between Solicitor and Client, and other Charges whatsoever attending such Sale and other Proceedings; and the Monies so raised shall be applied, first, in discharge of all Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid; secondly, in and towards Reimbursement and Satisfaction of such Arrears and such Value of such Rent-charge or Rent-charges under this Act; and the Surplus (if any) of such Monies shall be paid either to the Owner for the Time being of the Lands sold and absolutely entitled thereto, or (in case such Owner shall be a Person having a Life Estate or other determinable Interest, or where, but for the Provisions of this Act, the said Lands could not have been sold,) then into the Bank of Ireland in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Paymaster, and pursuant to any Law or Orders for the Time being in force in that Behalf, and without Fee or Reward, such Money to be applied, under the Direction of the said Court (to be signified by any Order made upon Petition in a summary Way presented by the Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Land), in or towards the Discharge of any Debts or Incumbrances, or any Part thereof, affecting the said Land, or affecting other Land settled to the same or the like Uses, or upon the same or the like Trusts, or in or towards the Purchase of other Land, to be conveyed and settled to and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Land sold stood settled or limited to, or such of them as at the Time of such Sale were existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until any such Purchase, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of any Stocks, Funds, or Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, the Dividends of the said Stocks, Funds, or Annuities, until Sale thereof, to be paid from Time to Time by Order of the said Court to the Person who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land so to be purchased or settled.

359

360 Cap. 32. Landed Property (Ireland). 10 VICTi

Receipt of Pay- L. And be it enacted, That the Receipt of the Paymaster of

Efficient Di»- Civil Services in Ireland for the Time being shall alone be a

charge. sufficient Discharge to all Persons whomsoever for the Purchase

Money of any Lands sold under this Act; and such Persons shall not be bound to see to or be liable for the Application thereof, nor shall any such Person be bound to inquire as to the Value or Quantity of Lands sold; and any Sale under this Act may be made in Lots, and subject to such Conditions as the Vendor shall think fit, and may be bought in and re-sold, although at a Loss; and any Contract for Sale may be altered or rescinded as the Vendor shall think fit; and any Conveyance or Assignment executed by the Paymaster of Civil Services shall be effectual for all Purposes therein expressed, and shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever interested in the Lands, and shall convey all Estate, Right, Title, or Interest whatsoever of any Person whomsoever in the Lands the Subject of such Conveyance, and shall assure the Lands to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and in such Manner as shall be expressed in such Conveyance, subject nevertheless only to any Cl targe having Priority under the Provisions of this Act, and also to any Chief Rent as herein-after defined which shall have been reserved or payable thereout previously to the Date of the Order of the said Commissioners, and subject to the Estate or Estates to which such Chief Rent or Chief Rents shall be incident, and subject to any Under-tenants or Occupiers Leases at Rack Rent, or their Interests in such Lands, and subject also as may be expressed in any such Conveyance or Assignment, but freed from all other Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and the Signature of the Paymaster to any such Deed shall be sufficient Evidence that all the Provisions of this Act have been complied with.

Proviso as to

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in any Case

Lanck °ther where the Paymaster of Civil Services shall proceed to sell any Land as aforesaid, if the Owner of such Land shall be desirous that any other Land settled to the same Uses with the Land so improved shall be sold instead of the Land so improved, and such Owner shall be Tenant for Life or incapacitated otherwise from selling such Lands, it shall be lawful for such Owner to apply to the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, by Petition in a summary Way, praying that the Paymaster of Civil Services may be authorized or directed to make such Sale of any such Lands not liable to such Rent-charge, but settled to the same Uses as any Lands liable thereto as aforesaid, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Court to make such Order authorizing or directing such Sale or otherwise as to the Court shall seem fit: Provided always, that Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of any such Application shall be given to the Person entitled to the Estate or Interest in the Lands proposed to be sold in remainder or reversion next expectant on the Determination of the Estate or Interest of the Owner whose Land shall be sold as aforesaid, or to the Guardian of such Person

being

1847. Landed Property (Ireland). Cep. 32. Ht

being an Infant, or to the Husband of such Person being a Feme Covert, or to the Committee of such Person being a Lunatic; and provided also, that in case of any such Sale the Owner shall give Notice to the said Paymaster of such his Application to the said Court as aforesaid, and it may be lawful for such Court, if it shall so think fit, to stay the Pro* ceedings of the said Paymaster in respect to Sale of any Lands liable to the Rent-charge for a reasonable Time; and every Sale directed to be made by the said Court shall, unless otherwise ordered by the said Court, be taken to be within the Provisions of this Act as to any Sale by the Paymaster, and the Purchase Money from such Sale shall be received and applied accordingly.

LII. And be it enacted, That dn the Expiration or Dis- On Payment of charge of any Rent-charge, and on Payment of all Arrears Ra»t-chargo thereof, and of all Costs, Charges, and Expences (if any) in- *

curred in any Proceedings to recover the same, or for any Sale under this Act in relation thereto, the said Paymaster shall execute and cause to be registered in the Office for the Registry of Deeds in the City of Dublin a Release of the Lands so charged with such Rent-charge.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Rent-duyge by virtue of Hent-char*« this Act to be charged on any Land shall not be deemed such Xru*L m* an Incumbrance as shall preclude a Trustee of Money from in- investing Money vesting the same in a Purchase or upon a Mortgage of such »the Purchase Land so charged, unless the Terms of such Trust shall expressly provide that the Trust Money shall not be so invested; and any Trust Monies already invested or lent on any Land which nay become charged with such Rent-charge, or which, before the making such Charge, were charged on the said Land, may, if the Trustee think fit, be continued on the Security of the said Land, notwithstanding the Imposition of such Rent-charge; and no Guardian, Committee, Feoffee, Trustee, Executor, or Administrator shall be in anywise concerned or obliged to signify a Dissent to any Application under this Act, or be in anywise responsible for the Consequence of such Application, or the Charge made in pursuance thereof.

LIY. And be it enacted, That so long as any Land shall con- Works to be tinue charged with any such Rent-charge the Person for the mainUinwi* Time being bound to pay such Rent-charge shall be bound to uphold and maintain in good Order and Condition the Works on account of which the Lands shall have been charged as aforesaid, and in default of so upholding and maintaining any such Work shall be liable to an Action on the Case in the Nature of an Action of Waste for the Damage thereby occasioned, at the Suit of the Person then entitled tQithe next Estate in remainder or reversion in the said Lands.

LV. And whereas, under an Act passed in the last Session Sumsberitofore

of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Acts for pro- edvaoced by the

mating the Drainage of Lands and Improvement of Navigation 9&Jov^ct c 4 f and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage in Ireland, and 9 & 10 Vict 10 Vict.

and to afford Facilities for increased Employment for the labour- c- i°i* be

ing

362

considered as Advance* and charged under this Act.

Cap. 33.

Landed Property (Ireland).

10 Vict.

Power to summon Witnesses, and Persons refusing to give Evidence to be punished.

mg Classes in Works of Drainage during the present Year, and also under on Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled ' An Act to authorize the Advance of Public Money, to a limited

Amount, to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain ' and Ireland by Works of Drainage, Proceedings and Investi-c gations preliminary to the Execution of Works or granting of

Loans have been taken and made, and Advances of Money have been made or have been agreed to be made by the Commit ' sioners of Public Works for the Drainage and other Improve-6 ment of the Lands of single Proprietors in Ireland; be it enacted, That all Money advanced or agreed to be advanced by the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, under either of the said last-recited Acts for suen Purposes, shall (unless the said Commissioners of Public Works shall otherwise specially direct) be considered as advanced and be advanced under the Provisions of this Act, and as if the preliminary Proceedings and Investi-

fations had been duly taken and made under this Act, and the 'erson on whose Application or Assent any such Advance has been made or agreed to be made had been Owner of such Land under the Provisions of this Act; provided the Owner for the Time being entitled to the Land to be charged shall require to have the Provisions of this Act applied to such Loan, and undertake to execute the Works in respect of which such Loan was made according to the Provisions of this Act, and thereupon the Lands the Subject of any such Drainage or Improvement shall become charged with the Payment to Her Majesty of an annual Rent-charge of such Proportion and Amount as would be chargeable in respect of any such Advance if made under the Provisions of this Act; and the said Commissioners of Public Works shall, by Order as aforesaid, fix the Commencement of any such Rent-charge, and the Date of the first Payment thereof; and all the Provisions, Powers, Privileges, and Authorities herein contained for securing the Payment and Priority or for Recovery of any Rent-charge charged in respect of any Advance originally made under this Act, or otherwise by this Act enacted concerning any Rent-charge or the Lands charged therewith, shall apply so far as applicable to any Rent-charges charged under the present Provision; and all Proceedings heretofore had and taken by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of any previous Act of Her present Majesty's Reign for Drainage or Improvement of Lands shall be effectual for the Purposes of this Act.

LVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, upon any Inquiry or Proceeding to be had by or before them under any of the Provisions of this Act, to summon and examine upon Oath or Affirmation any Person whomsoever; and if any Person so summoned, having been paid or tendered a sufficient Sum of Money, to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, to defray the Charges for his Attendance, shall not appear before the said Commissioners pursuant to such Summons, without assigning some reasonable

Excuse

847- Landed Property (Ireland). Cop. 82* 3BS

Excuse for not appearing, or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm (as the Case may be), or to be examined and give Evidence touching the Premises, the said Commissioners, upon Proof upon Oath of the Service of such Summons and of such Tender, shall be authorized by Warrant under their Common Seal to direct any Person whomsoever to cause any Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so neglecting or refusing to appear or to be sworn, or to affirm or give Evidence, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been distrained and sold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Monies so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied for such Purposes and in such Manner as the said Commissioners may direct.

LVIL. And be it enacted, That every Person upon Exami- Any Person nation on Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners respectively, of any Officer by them appointed as aforesaid, er"

and also every Person making any such Affidavit, Declaration,

Deposition, or Affirmation as aforesaid, who shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall in such Affirmation, Affidavit, Declaration, or Deposition wilfully or corruptly swear, affirm, or allege any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties of Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury by any Law in force for the Time being.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall Penalty on wilfully obstruct or assault any Commissioner of Public Works, or any Engineer, or other Officer, Servant, or Workman, acting loners^their in aid or under the Orders of the said Commissioners, in the Officers. Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof by the Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, such Sum not exceeding Five Pounds as such Justice or Justices shall think fit, to be applied in such Manner and for such Purposes as the said Justice or Justices shall direct, or in default of Payment every such Person shall be imprisoned for such Number of Days, not exceeding Fourteen, as the said Justice or Justices shall direct.

LIX. And be it enacted, That no Bond, Obligation, or other Bonds, &c. Security, Contract, Agreement, or other Instrument whatever, taken or made to or by the said Commissioners, nor any Affi- stamp Duty, davit, Deposition, Release, Receipt, or Discharge to be respectively taken or made under and by virtue of this Act to or by them, nor any Power of Attorney to receive from the said Paymaster of Civil Services any Monies advanced on account of Loans under this Act, nor any other Instrument whatsoever executed under the Provisions of this Act, nor any Memorial thereof for Registration, shall be liable to any Stamp Duty whatever.

LX. And be it enacted, That all Notices requiring to be served by or on behalf of the said Commissioners or otherwise dLd suf-

under firient.

364 Cap. 32. Landed Property ' lOVut

under the Provisions of this Act. upon any Perm may k transmitted through the Poet, directed to the kat known Addraa of such Person, within such Period ^as to admit of its boo; delivered in due Course of Delivery within the Period, if ur, prescribed for the giving of such Notice; and in proving uy Service by Post it shall be sufficient to prove that the Neds was properly directed, and so put into the Post Office as befat directed.

Penalty on

LXI. And be it enacted, That if any Engineer, Surveyor,

to^eUter u *ing Officer, or Servant employed by the said Ckxnmiaaonas

Document*; in any Manner relating to Proceedings under the Provisbmof this Act shall refuse or neglect, after Seven Days Notice a Writing for that Purpose, to deliver up to the said Como* sioners, or to any Person authorized by them for that Purpose, any Survey, Map, Plan, Estimate, Specification, Book, Papa, or Document belonging to the said Commissioners, or to ssy Owner of Lands proposed to be improved under the Promo* of this Act, in the Possession or Custody of such Engineer, Surveyor, Agent, Officer, or Servant, any such Person shall fir every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding TweaJy Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Way before any Tw Justices at Petty Sessions, and levied under the Warrant d such Justices by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Pew* so refusing or neglecting; and it shall be lawful for such Justices to order any Constable, with proper Assistance, to send for and take possession of any such Survey, Map, Plan, Estimate, Specification, Book, Paper, or Document, and to deliver the same to the said Commissioners, or any Person authorised by them to receive the same.

kXIL And whereas it may happen that by reason of tk Land. ° Works to be executed in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act it may be convenient to alter the Boundaries of the Linds ' of different Owners, and therefore that such Powers of Exchange should be given to the Commissioners as after mentioned; now therefore be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, upon the Application in Writing of tk Persons interested as Owners, as herein-before defined, except Owners under a Lease reserving Rent for a Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years, in any Lands which shall be drained or improved under the Provisions of this Act, or in any Lutt adjacent to any such Lands, and who shall desire to effect* Exchange of Lands in which they respectively shall be so interested, to direct Inquiries whether such proposed Exchange would be beneficial to the Owners of such respective Lands, and has been rendered necessary or expedient by reason of iht such Drainage or Improvement as aforesaid; and in case tk Commissioners shall be of opinion that such Exchange would be beneficial, and that the Terms of the proposed Exchange are just and reasonable, they shall cause to be framed and confirmed, under the Hands and Seal of the Commissioners, an Order of Exchange, with a Map or Plan thereunto annexed, in wkick Order shall be specified and shown the Lands given and taken

365

1847* Landed Property (Ireland). Cap. 32.

in exchange by each Person so interested respectively, and a Copy of such Order, under the Seal of the Commissioners, shall be delivered to each of the Parties on whose Application the Exchange shall have been made, and such Order of Exchange shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be in nowise liable to be impeached by reason of any Infirmity of Estate or Defect of Title of the Persons on whose Application the same shall have been made; and the Land taken upon every such Exchange shall, be and enure to, for, and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the same Conditions, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the Lands given on such Exchange would have stood limited or been subject to in case such Order had not been made; and all Expences with reference to such Order and Exchange, or the Inquiries in relation thereto, or to any proposed Exchange, shall be borne by the Persons on whose Application such Order shall have been made, or such Inquiries undertaken: Provided always, that no Exchange shall be made of any Land held in right of any Church or Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified in Writing, of the Bishop of the Diocese and the Patron of such Benefice:

Provided also, that no One Lot or Parcel of Land given or taken in exchange shall ever exceed Ten Acres; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize the Payment of any Sum of Money by way of Equality of Exchange, or in respect of any such Exchange, and the Monies so given shall be paid and divided by the said Commissioners in such Manner as they shall think fit, and for the compensating the Parties interested in the Land given in Exchange, and according to their respective Estates and Interests, and the Decision of the Commissioners in the Premises shall be binding.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Notices of such Order of Exchange as aforesaid shall be confirmed by the Com- to

missioners until Notice shall have been given by Advertisement given' in Three successive Weeks "of such proposed Exchange, and Three Calendar Months shall have elapsed from the Publication of the last of such Advertisements; and in case, before the Expiration of such Three Calendar Months, any Person entitled to any Estate in or to any Charge upon any Land included in such proposed Exchange shall give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of his Dissent from such proposed Exchange, the Commissioners shall not confirm an Order for such Exchange unless such Dissent shall be withdrawn, or it shall be shown to the Commissioners that the Estate or Charge of the Party so dissenting shall have ceased.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That if any Difference shall arise Expences of touching the said Expences in relation to any Exchange, Orders, Exchanges, or Inquiries as aforesaid, or the Share thereof, to be paid by any Person, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to certify under their Hands and Seal the Amount to be paid by such Person; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay his Share so certified to be payable by him, and upon the Production of such Certificate before any Two Justices of the Peace

J by

3GG Cap. 32. Landed Property (Ireland). 10 YlPPi

Saving Rights of the Crown.

Construction of Terms in this Act.

for the County or other Jurisdiction wherein the Land shall be situate, such Justices, upon the Nonpayment thereof, are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Scabs, to cause the same to be levied by Distress.

LXV. And be it enacted, That, not withstanding anything in this Act or in the Acts herein recited or referred to contained or implied to the contrary, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to embank or reclaim from the Sea or Tidal Waters or Rivers, any Shore, Mud Bank, or Slobs belonging to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, or to reclaim Waste or other Lands belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, or to or construct Works on any such Lands, nor shall it be lawful for the said Commissioners to make Loans to any Person or Persons for the Purposes aforesaid, without the previous Consent of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be signified in AVriting under the Hands of Two of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and as far as regards the Embankment - or Reclamation of Lands from the Sea or Tidal Waters or Rivers, or the Construction of Works below High-water Mark, without the previous Consent also of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, except in those Cases wherein the Soil and Bed of the Tidal Waters and Rivers and Rights of Vice Admiralty and Conservancy have been granted by the Crown to and are now vested in any other Body.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act, except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context of this Act shall exclude such Construction, the Word "Land" shall extend to all Hereditaments corporeal or incorporeal, and any Estate or Interest therein, and any undivided Part thereof, or any Charge or Incumbrance thereon; and the Words Person or Persons " shall extend to all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and also to all Archbishops, Bishops, Parsotos, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, and to any Number of Persons associated together as a Company or Partnership; and the Word " Lease" shall include an Agreement for a Lease; and the Word "Benefice " shall include any Rectory, Vicarage, Perpetual Curacy, Donation, endowed public Chapel, Parochial Chapelry, and District Chapelry, the Incumbent whereof in right thereof shall be a Coqjoration sole; and the Word "Owner" shall include the reputed Owner; the Expression " Chief Rent" shall include all Rents reserved upon or payable out of or in respect of the Estate or Interest of any Person being an Owner within the Meaning of this Act, or any Estate or Interest paramount thereto; and every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend to several Persons or Things as well as to one Person or Thing; and every Word importing the Plural Number shall extend to one Person or Thing as well as to several Persons and Things; and every Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall extend to a Female as well as to a Male;

the

Landed Property (Ireland) *

Cap. 32.

367

the Word "Commissioners" or the Words "the said Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the Time being, or any Two of them, except where otherwise expressed; the Words "Commissioners of the Treasury" shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Two of them; and the Words "Paymaster of Civil Services" shall mean the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland for the Time being.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amen '

SCHEDULES referred to in this Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Memorial, under Vict. Cap.

To the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

The Memorial of the undersigned,

Showeth,

That your Memorialist is, within the Meaning of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of this Act],

Owner of the Lands mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

That your Memorialist proposes to increase the Value of the #Herestatethc said Lands by as mentioned in or to be inferred from proposed Works.

the annexed Report, Plan, Estimate, and Specification, which your Memorialist prays may be respectively considered as Part E^oTYnte-of this his Memorial. rat the Memo-

That he is desirous of obtaining a Loan for that Purpose, to riaiist has in the be secured by a Rent-charge on the Lands mentioned in the said Schedule, under the Provisions of the above-mentioned Act. the Title by That the present annual Value of the Lands is the Sum of which the Me-Pounds, and that the Quit Rent[s] and Rent-charge[s] in lieu of Tithes now charged upon the same Lands amount owner within together to the annual Sum of Pounds, as more par- the Meaning of

tieularly set forth in the said Schedule. jj ^c^0ht^ng

That the Expence of effecting such in manner afore- p^isions of the said is estimated at the Sum of Pounds Sterling, as Act. Also state

more particularly mentioned and set forth in the Estimate an- wJle^her the

-r - J iiri whole of said

Increase in the annual Value Lands are held

nexed; and that the estimated expe6ted to arise to the said Lands in said Schedule, the Subject under one md of such proposed Improvements, amounts to Pounds, 8ame I.nte-

, 1 f JT) rests or Title,

as set forth in the annexed Report. and what Ex.

And this Memorialist further states and specifies, that his Estate tent is held and Interest in the said Lands and Premises is as follows: f lender different And this Memorialist now applies and asks for the Advance interests or Ti-of the Sum of Pounds by way of Loan, under the Pro- ties, how much

visions of the said Act, for defraying the Expence of the pro- under t>ach* posed Works, with such Alterations and Modifications as the Commissioners of Public Works may approve of.

Dated at this Day of 18 ,

Witness of Signature of Owner. J

\ State the Occupation, Residence, and Post Town of Applicant and Witness.

Cap. 32. Landed Property (Ireland). 10 Vict.

SCHEDULE.

Owner. Occupier. Townland, with the Denomination or reputed Name or Names by which the Lands are known. Barony or Parish, distinguishing which. County. Probable Quantity of Land. Quit Rents. S 0> a fi ft I

SCHEDULE (B.)

Table for calculating Rent-charges to be paid off in less Time than Twenty-two Years.

Reduced Period.

Annual Rent-charge for such Period for each £6 10* of Rent-charge.

r21 Years £. Decimals. 6*7091

20 — 6*9398

19 — 7*1958

a 18 — 7*4812

o 17 — 7*8013

16 — 8*1626

15 — 8*5734

14 — 9*0441

13 — 9*5887

o tdO 12 — 10*2256

j| 11 — 10*9801

ti 10 — 11*8874

a m 9 — 12*9984

8 — 14*3895

rt 7 — 16*1808

3 6 — 18*5724

5 5 — 21*9244

s 4 — 26*9574

3 — 35*3520

2 — 52*1508

. 1 — 102*5666

£ i. d.

In Sterling Money 6 14 2i

— 6 18 94

7 3 11

— 7 9 7 *

— 7 16 o *

— 8 3 3

8 11 H

9 0 104

9 11 9}

10 4 6i

— 10 19 H

11 17 9

12 19 in

14 t 94

16 3 7!

_ -- 18 11 4

21 18 Si

26 19 it

_ 35 7 4

__ 52 3 4

102 11 4

Note. — This Table is calculated on the Assumption that a yearly Rent-charge of £$ 10s. continuing for a Term of 22 Years (brit payable half-yearly) is equivalent to the Sum of ^£100 in ready Money.

SCHE

Landed Property (Ireland),

Cap. 32. 369

SCHEDULE (C.)

Table for the Redemption of Rent-charges.

Term unexpired. Redemption Money to be paid in of Rent-charge respect of each .£10

Year jC. Decimals. 4*91612 £ s. d. In Sterling Money 4 18 4

1 — 9'74976 — 9 15 0

1| - 14*50232 — 14 10 O.J

2 — 19*17514 — 19 3 6

n — 23'76957 — 23 15 4j

3 — 28'28693 — 28 5 8J

H - 32*72850 — 32 14 6£

4 — 37*09555 — 37 111

H -r 41*38935 — 41 7 9£ 45 12 <l\

5 — 45*61111 —

- 49*76204 — 49 15 3

6 — 53*84334 — 53 16 10 *

6| - 57'85617 57 17 li

7 — 61*80168 — 61 16 01

n - 65*68100 — 65 13 7i

8 — 69*49524 — 69 9 10?

H - 73*24548 — 73 4 11

9 — 76*93282 — 76 18 7?

9| — 80*55829 — 80 11 2

10 — 84*12295 — 84 2 54

104 - 87*62780 — 87 12 6i

11 — 91*07385 — 91 1 5?

114 - 94*46209 — 94 9 3

12 — 97*79349 — 97 15 io4

124 - 101*06900 — 101 1 4j 104 5 94

, 13 — 104* 28956 —

134 — 107*45609 — 107 9 H

14 — 110*569.50 — 110 11 4?

144 - 113*63067 — 113 12 7}

15 — 116*64019 — 116 12 Of

154 — 119*59980 — 119 12 0

16 — 122*50948 — 122 10 2j

164 — 125*37035 — 125 7 5

17 — 128*18322 — 128 3 8

174 - 130*94891 — 130 18 lli

18 — 133*66818 — 133 13 4{

184 — 136*34188 — 136 6 10

19* — 138*97065 — 138 19 5

i 194 — 141*55536 — 141 11

20 — 144*09673 — 144 1 llj

204 — 146*59544 — 146 11 11

21 — 149*05229 149 1 OJ

Note. — This Table is calculated on the Assumption that a yearly Rent-charge of J-6 10s. continuing for a Term of 22 Years (but pay. jlble half-yearly) is ctjuivalent to the Sunt of .£100 in ready Money.

CAP.

370

Cap. 33. Poor Removal (England and Scotland). 10 & 11 Vl0T

8 & 9 Vict. c. 117.

8 & 9 Vict c. 83. s.77.

Guardians, &c. in England may take Persons removable there trora under first-recited Act before Two Justices without Summons, &c.

Inspectors of the Poor in Scotland to take Persons removable therefrom under secondly-recited Act \ before Sheriff or Two Justices, without previous Complaint, &c.

Persons taking Paupers before Justices to have Powers of Constables.

Interpretation of Act.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of poor Persons from England and Scotland.

[21st June 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, for the Removal from England

of poor Persons who, though bom in Scotland, Ireland, or the

Islands of Man, Scilh/, Jersey, or Guernsey, and not settled in 1 England, are chargeable to some Parish in England; and by i another Act passed in the same Year Provision was made for the Removal from Scotland of poor Persons who, though bom ' in England, Ireland, or the Isle of Man, and not settled in Scotland, receive Relief from some Parish or Combination in ' Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that certain Provisions ' of the said Acts should be amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Guardian, Relieving Officer, or Overseer of any Parish or Union in England to take and convey before Two Justices of the Peace, without Summons or Warrant, every poor Person who shall become chargeable to any Parish in England, and who he may have Reason to believe is liable to be removed from England under the first-recited Act; and the Justices before whom any such Person shall be so brought shall hear and examine and proceed in the same Manner in all respects as if such Person had been brought before them under and in the Manner directed by that Act.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Inspector of the Poor, or other Officer appointed by the Parochial Board of any Parish or Combination in Scotland, to take and convey before the Sheriff or any Two Justices of the Peace of the County in which the Parish or Combination for which such Inspector or Officer acts, or any Portion thereof, is situated, without previous Complaint or Warrant in that Behalf, every poor Person who shall be in the course of receiving Parochial Relief in any Parish or Combination in Scotland> and who he may have Reason to believe is liable to be removed from Scotland under the secondly-recited Act; and the Sheriff or Justices before whom any such Person shall be so brought shall make such Examination, and proceed in the same Manner in all respects as if such Person had been brought before him or them under and in the Manner directed by that Act.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person who by this Act is authorized to take and convey any poor Person before any Sheriff or Justices shall, in the Execution of this Act, in that Behalf have and exercise all the Rights, Privileges, Powers, and Immunities with which a Constable is by Law invested.

IV. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Singular Number or Masculine Gender shall, except

when

371

1847; Poor Removal (England and Scotland). Cap. 33, 34.

when the Context excludes such Construction, be understood to include and shall be applied to several Persons, Matters, or Things, as well as to one Person, Matter, or Thing, and to Females as well as Males respectively; and that the Words Justices of the Peace" shall be understood to include and extend to a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of a County,

County of a City, or County of a Town, or of any City or Town Corporate.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amended»

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving Towns.

[21st June 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in One Act sundry Provisions usually contained in Acts of Parliament for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, and improving Towns and populous Districts, and that as well for avoiding the Necessity of repeating such Provisions in each of the several Acts relating to such Towns or Districts as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall extend only to such Extent of Act. Towns or Districts in England or Ireland as shall be comprised in any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith; and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by any such Act, shall apply to the Town or District which shall be comprised in such Act, and to the Commissioners appointed for improving and regulating the same, so far as such Clauses shall be applicable thereto respectively, and shall, with the Clauses of every other Act which shall be incorporated therewith, form Part of such Act, and be construed therewith as forming One Act.

And with respect to the Construction of this Act, whether interpretations incorporated in whole or in part with any other Act, and of any in this Act: Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows:

II. The Expression the special Act " used in this Act shall " the fecial be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed Act:" for the Improvement or Regulation of any Town or District, or of any Class of Towns or Districts defined or comprised therein, and with which this Act shall be incorporated; and the Word prescribed " used in this Act, in reference to any " prescribed Matter herein stated, shall be construed to refer to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the ppecial

Act,

372

" the Commissioners."

Interpretations in this and the special Act:

Number:

Gender:

M Person

" Lands:* " Street

" Month

" Superior CourLs

" Oath

County

" Justice: *

" Two Justices

" Quarter Sessions

" Owner in

x

Cap. 34. Tmcns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VICfrV

Act, anti the Sentence in which such Word shall occur shall be construed as if, instead of the Word " prescribed^" the Expression " prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act" had been used; and the Expression " the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons or Body Corporate intrusted by the special Act with Powers for executing the Purposes thereof.

III. The following Words and Expressions, in both this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females: The Word " Person " shall include a Corporation, whether aggregate or sole:

The Word " Lands " shall include Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any Tenure:

The Word " Street " shall extend to and include any Road, Square, Court, Alley, and Thoroughfare within the Limits of the special Act:

The Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month:

The Expression " Superior Courts" shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Court of Pleas of the County of Durham:

The Word " Oath " shall include Affirmation in the Case of Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word " County " shall include Riding or other Division of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace, and shall also include County of a City or County of a Town:

The Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises; and where any Matter is authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, the Expression "Two Justices" shall be understood to mean Two or more Justices met and acting together:

The Expression " Quarter Sessions" shall mean Quarter Sessions as defined in the special Act, and if such Expression be not there defined shall mean the Court* of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in or at the Place nearest to the District in which the Matter arises requiring the Cognizance of any such Court, and having Jurisdiction over such District:

The Word "Owner," used with reference to any Lands or Buildings in respect of which any Work is required to be

Towns Improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

373

done, or any Bate to be paid, under this or the special Act, shall mean the Person for the Time being entitled to receive, or who, if such Lands or Buildings were let to a Tenant at Back Rent, would be entitled to receive, the Rack Rent from the Occupier thereof:

The Word " Cattle " shall include Horses, Asses, Mules," Cattle.*' Sheep, Goats, and Swine.

And with respect to citing this Act, or any Part thereof, be it enacted as follows: ,

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in short Title of legal Instruments, it shall be enough to use the Expression this Act.

" The Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847."

V. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act Form in which with any Act hereafter to be passed, it shall be enough to describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in iiurorporated the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such with other Acta. Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act, and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they are expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of such Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

And with respect to the Officers to be appointed by the Commissioners or under any General Town Improvement Act, be it enacted as follows:

VI. When by this or the special Act any Matter is required to be submitted to, or to be done with the Approval of, the Inspector, such Inspector shall be understood to mean an Inspector appointed under any general Act passed in this or any future Session of Parliament authorizing the Appointment of Inspectors for inspecting or superintending Works connected with paving, draining, or improving Towns or populous Districts; and until such an Officer is appointed under any such general Act, the Commissioners, unless it be otherwise provided by the special Act, may proceed in the Execution of this and the special Act without the Approval of such Officer, and as if no such Officer had been mentioned in this or the special Act.

VII. The Commissioners shall appoint, subject to the prescribed Approval, or, where no Approval is prescribed, subject to Approval by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, a Person, duly qualified, to act as a local Surveyor of the Paving, Drainage, and other Works authorized under the Pn>-visions of this and the special Act, and of any Act to be incorporated therewith, and, with the like Approval, shall fix the Salary to be paid to such Surveyor, and snail pay such Salary out of the Rates levied under this or the special Act; and if any such Surveyor die, resign, or be removed, the Commissioners shall, with the like Approval, appoint another Person, so duly qualified, in the Boom of the Surveyor so dying, resigning, or

removed;

Officer*,

Until an Inspector is appointed under some general Act, Execution of Works may be proceeded with without his Approval.

Commissioners to appoint, subject to Approval, a Surveyor.

374

Officers.

Surveyor, before entering upon Office, to make the following Declaration.

Commissioners shall appoint an Inspector of Nuisances.

Surveyor and Inspector of Nuisances may be same Person. Commissioners to provide Offices for Surveyor and Inspector.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VICT,

removed; and the Commissioners, with the like Approval, may remove any such Surveyor.

VIII. Every such Surveyor upon his Appointment, and before he enters upon the Duties of his Office, shall make and subscribe before the Chairman of the Commissioners a Declaration to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

J A.B., the Surveyor of the Town [or District] of [here name ' the Town or District] under the \jiere name the special Act\ ' do declare, That I will diligently, faithfully, and impartially i perform the Duties of my Office, and to the utmost of my (Tower, Skill, and Ability endeavour to cause the several Provisions of the said Act, and of the Towns Improvement Clauses

Act, 1847, to be strictly observed, and that without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whomsoever."

IX. The Commissioners shall appoint some Person, by the Title of " Inspector of Nuisances," to superintend and enforce the due Execution of all Duties to be performed by the Scavengers appointed under this or the special Act, and to report to the Commissioners any Breach of the Provisions of this or the special Act, or of any Act incorporated therewith, or of the Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations of the Commissioners, and the Existence of any Nuisances within the Limits of the special Act; and the Commissioners shall duly publish the Name of any Inspector of Nuisances appointed by them, and shall require him to provide and keep a Book in which shall be entered all reasonable Complaints made by any Householder of the District within the Limits of the special Act of any Breach of the Provisions of this or the special Act, or of any Act incorporated therewith, or of the Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations made by the Commissioners for the Preservation of due Order and Cleanliness or for the Suppression of Nuisances; and the Inspector of Nuisances shall forthwith inquire into the Truth of such Complaints, and report upon the same to the Commissioners at their next Meeting; and such Report and the Order of the Commissioners thereon shall be entered in the said Book, which shall be kept at the Office of the Commissioners, and shall be open at all reasonable Times to the Inspection of any Inhabitant of the said District or other Person interested; and it shall be the Duty of such Inspector of Nuisances, subject to the Direction of the Commissioners, to make Complaints before Justices, and take legal Proceedings for the Punishment of any Person who has committed any Offence under this or the special Act, or under any Bye Laws made by virtue thereof.

X. The Commissioners may, if they think fit, appoint the same Person to be both Surveyor and Inspector of Nuisances.

XI. The Commissioners shall provide Offices for the Use of the said Surveyor and Inspector in some convenient Place within the Limits of the special Act, either in connexion with their own Office or otherwise, as may be most convenient, and shall cause due Notice thereof to be given twice at the least in some Newspaper circulating within the said Limits.

XII.The

L847.

Towns Improvement Clauses

Cap. 34 *

375

XXX. The Commissioners may, if they think fit, appoint, Power to ap-mbject to the prescribed Approval, or where no Approval is po^t, «ubject prescribed, subject to the Approval of One of Her Majesty's officer of Principal Secretaries of State, a Person of competent Skill and Health. Experience, who shall be styled w The Officer of Health," whose Duty it shall be to ascertain the Existence of Diseases within the Limits of the special Act, especially Epidemics and conta-rious Diseases, and to point out any Nuisances or other local Causes likely to cause and continue such Diseases, or otherwise injure the Health of the Inhabitants, and to point out the best Means for checking or preventing the Spread of such Diseases within the Limits aforesaid, and also the best Means for the Ventilation of Churches, Chapels, Schools, registered Lodging Houses, and other public Buildings within the Limits aforesaid, and from Time to Time as required by the Commissioners to report to them upon the Matters aforesaid, and to perform any other Duties of a like Nature which may be required of him; and the Commissioners, with the same Approval which is necessary for the Appointment of the Officer of Health, shall fix the Salary to be paid to such Officer, and shall pay such Salary out of the Rates to be levied under this or the special Act; and the Commissioners, with the like Approval, may discontinue such Office, or remove any such Officer of Health.

And with respect to Plans of the District within the Limits of the special Act, and of the Works to be executed under the Powers of this and the special Act, be it enacted as follows:

XIII. The Commissioners shall, as soon conveniently may be after the passing of the special Act, procure or cause to be made a Survey and Map of the District within the Limits of the special Act on a Scale of not less than Sixty Inches to a Mile, and shall cause to be marked thereon the Course of all the existing Sewers and Drains belonging to them or under their Care or Management, and, as far as can be ascertained, the Lines of Pipes or Conduits for the Collection and Distribution of Water, the Course of the Pipes for the Distribution of Gas, and such other Works, with such other Particulars as may be necessary in order to show the under-ground Works within the said District, and shall cause the said Map to be from Time to Time corrected, and such Additions to be made thereto as may show the Sewers and Drains for the Time being belonging to the Commissioners, and such other Pipes and under-ground Worksas aforesaid; and such Map and Plan, or a Copy thereof, with the Date expressed thereon of the last Time when it was so corrected, shall be kept in the Office of the Commissioners, and shall be open at all seasonable Hours to the Inspection of the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands within such District.

XIV. The principal Officers of Her Majesty's Ordnance may, if they think fit, on the Application of the Commissioners, and at their Expence, furnish for the Use of the said Commissioners One or more Copies of any Map of such District, or any Part thereof, which shall have been made under the Direction of the

Surveys and Plans.

Commissioners to cause a Map of the District within the Limits of the special Act to be made, and to be open to Inspection,

Ordnance may furnish Commissioners with Maps, or cause Surreys to be

j

37G

Surveys and Plans.

Level Lines to be marked on Map, and Bench Marks to be made for denoting the same.

Commissioners may cause Maps to be engraved, Ac., and pay Expences out of the Rates.

Commissioners to cause Plans to be prepared of Alterations of new Works or Alterations of existing Works.

Before giving Notice of Construction of Works, Plans to be prepared and deposited in the Office of

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses* 10 & 11 V^CJC

the said Ordnance Officers, or may cause a Survey to be npade of the said District on a Scale of not less than Sixty Inches to the Mile by surveying Officers appointed by them for such Remuneration as shall previously be agreed upon between the said principal Officers and the Commissioners.

XV. The Commissioners shall cause to be marked on the Map so procured or caused to be made by them a Series of Marks and Figures at convenient Distances on the said Map denoting the Height of the Ground at every such Mark above or below the Level of a particular Spot within the Limits of the special Act, which may be easily found and identified, the Position of which Spot shall be described on the Map, and shall also cause to be drawn, wherever practicable. Lines of equal Altitude at every Four Fect of Elevation, or at such other Intervals as may appear, upon due Inquiry, to be the best adapted for the Guidance of Works of Sewerage and Drainage, for the Collection and Distribution of Water, and for other Proposes within such District for which a Knowledge of the Levels of the District may be necessary, and shall also cause proper Bench Marks for denoting the Levels to be inscribed and marked at convenient Distances and Places, at the Corners of Streets, on Posts, Houses, or other prominent Objects within such District.

XVI. The Commissioners may cause every such Plan to be copied, engraved, or printed and coloured in such Manner as appears to them most convenient, and may defray the Costs of any Surveys and Maps made under their Direction, and any Costs incurred by them in regard to any such Ordnance Map, out of the Rates authorized to be levied under this and the special Act.

XVII. The Commissioners shall cause their Surveyor to prepare Plans of any new Works and Additions to or Alterations of existing Works, that may be required for the effectual Drainage of the Houses and Streets within such District, in7 eluding Provision for properly trapped Drains or Channels for the Removal of all waste Water and Refuse from the Houses and from the Surface of the Streets, and also to draw on such Plans the Lines that appear to him most advantageous for Main Sewers, and the best Outfalls for clearing the whole District of Surface Moisture, and effecting the Drainage of the Subsoil, and to point out the most appropriate Means and Sites for the Collection and Sale of Filth and Refuse for agricultural or other Purposes, and also to set forth any other Matters which may assist the Commissioners in carrying into execution, in aq economical and effective Manner the several Works required to be carried into execution under the Provisions of this and the special Act, or which appear to be necessary for the Health and Convenience of the Inhabitants of such District.

XVIII. Before giving Xotice of their Intention to construct any Work of which by this or the special Act they are required to give Xotice, the Commissioners shall cause Plans of the intended Work to be made, under the Direction of their Sur; vcyor, on a Scale not less for a horizontal Plan than One Inch

to

\ui

TownsImprovement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

377

The taking of I^ands to be subject to the Provisions of this Act and the Lands Clnuses Consolidation Act, 1845.

fa Eighty-eight Feet, and for a vertical Section not less than the CottMt-Onelnch to Two Feet, and, in the Case of a Sewer, showing s, oners* the Depth of such Sewer below the Surface of the Ground; and such Plans shall be deposited in the Office of the Commissioners, or some other convenient Place appointed for that Pur-jiose, and shall be open at all reasonable Hours for the Inspection of all Persons interested therein during the Time for which such Notice is required to be given.

And with respect to taking Lands, and the Compensation Lands. to be made by the Commissioners for Damage done by them in execution of the Powers of this and the special Act, be it enacted as follows:

XIX. Where by this or the special Act the Commissioners shall be empowered to take or use for the Purposes thereof any Lands otherwise than with the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, they shall, in exercising the Powers so given, be subject to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this Act and in the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845; and the Commissioners shall make to the Owners and Occupiers of and all other Parties interested in any such Lands taken or used for the Purposes of this or the special Act full Compensation for the Value of the Lands so taken or used, and for all Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, and other Parties by reason of the Exercise, as regards such Lands, of the Powers vested in the Commissioners by this or the special Act, or ally Act incorporated therewith; and, except where otherwise provided by this or the special Act, the Amount of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act for determining Questions of Compensation with regard to Lands purchased or taken under the, Provisions thereof; and all the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act shall be applicable to determine the Amount of any such Compensation, and to enforce the Payment or other Satisfaction thereof.

XX. If any Omission, Mis-9tatement, or wrong Description shall have been made of any Lands, or of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of any Lands, mentioned in any Schedule to the special Act, the Commissioners, after giving Ten Days Notice to the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands affected by such proposed Correction, may apply to Two Justices for the Correction thereof; and if it appear to such Justices that such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description arose from Mistake, they shall certify the same accordingly, and they shall in such Certificate state the Particulars of any such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description; and such Certificate, with the other Documents to which it relates, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the Lands Effected thereby are situated, and such Certificate shall be kept by such Clerk of the Peace with the other Documents to which it relates, and thereupon such Schedule shall be deemed to be confected according to such Certificate; and the Commissioners

may

Errors and

Omissions in Plans, &c. may be corrected by Justices, who shall certify the same.

Certificate to be deposited.

378 Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Land^ may take any Lands in accordance with such Certificate as if

such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description had not been made.

XXI. The Commissioners shall make good all Damage to pensation for - ^7 Buildings or Land by reason of altering the Level of any Damage done. Street, or otherwise carrying into execution any of the Powers of this or the special Act, or of any Act incorporated therewith, and shall pay to the Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of any such Buildings or Lands respectively such Amount of Compensation for such Injury as shall be agreed upon between such Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers and the Uommis-If Parties can- sioners; and if such Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers and the Con^Smtio^ Commissioners cannot agree as to the Amount of such Com-the same to be' pensation, and the Proportions thereof to be paid to such determined in Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers respectively, then the Amount ^d^dbyPr°" of such Compensation, and also the Proportions which the 7 & 8 Vict. c. is, Persons claiming the same are entitled to, shall be determined in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for determining Questions of Compensation with regard to Lands purchased or taken under the Provisions thereof; and all the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act shall be applicable to determine the Amount of any such Compensation, and to enforce Payment or other Satisfaction thereof.

sewert. And with respect to making and mantaining the public Sewers, be it enacted as follows:

Drainage Districts to be formed, subject to Approval of I Mpector.

&wcr» aUd"* of XXII. All public Sewera and Drains within the Limits of other Works the special Act, and all Sewers and Drains in and under the

vested in the Streets, with all the Works and Materials thereunto belonging,

Commissioners, whether made at the Time of the passing of the special Act or at any Time thereafter, and whether made at the Co6t of the Commissioners or otherwise, and the entire Management of the same, shall vest in and belong to the Commissioners.

XXIII. The Commissioners shall from Time to Time* subject to the Approval of the Inspector, divide the whole Town or District within the Limits of the special Act, if and as Occasion shall require, into separate Drainage Districts, having regard in such Division to the Nature of the Ground, to the Main Lines of Sewers by which such separate Drainage Districts are or shall be drained, and to the equal Benefit as far as may be of all the Lands and Buildings to be comprised in any such Drainage District, and shall cause their Surveyor to define and describe the several Drainage Districts on a Plan of the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act to be made as aforesaid.

XXIV. The Commissioners shall from Time to Time, subject to the Restrictions herein contained as to the Notice to be given, and the Plans and Estimates to be prepared, cause to be made under the Streets such Main and other Sewers as shall he necessary for the effectual draining of the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act, and also all such Reservoirs, Sluices, Engines, and other Works as shall be necessary s for

Power to Coni' missioners to construct Sewers where none exist, making Compensation to Owners of Property.

Town* Improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34<

37ft

np*r$.

for cleansing such Sewers, and, if needful, they may carry such Sewerd through and across all underground Cellars and Vaults under any of the Streets, doing as little Damage as may be, and making full Compensation for any Damage done; and if for completing any of the aforesaid Works it be found necessary to carry them into or through any inclosed or other Lands, the Commissioners may carry the same into or through such Lands accordingly, making full Compensation to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and they may also cause such Sewers to communicate with and empty themselves into the* Sea or any public River, or they may cause the Refuse from such Sewers to be conveyed by a proper Channel to the most convenient Site for its Collection and Sale for agricultural or other Purposes, as may be deemed most expedient, but so that the same shall in no Case become a Nuisance.

XXV. The Commissioners may from Time to Time, as they Commi«io«iers see fit, enlarge, alter, arch over, and otherwise improve all or sewenfftom any of the Sewers vested in them, and if any of such Sewers Time to Time, at any Time appear to them to have become useless, the Commissioners, if they think fit to do so, may demolish and discontinue such Sewer, provided that it be so done as not to create

a Nuisance.

XXVI. If any Person, by means of any Enlargement, Alter- Commissioners ation, or Discontinuance of any Sewer or other Proceeding of exUting Sew«L, the Commissioners be deprived of the Use of any Sewer or &^riu>out Drain which such Person was theretofore lawfully entitled to providing use, the Commissioners shall provide some other Sewer or others *

Drain equally effectual for such Purpose; and if the Commis- Penalty for skmers refuse or do not within Seven Days next after Notice Neglect '

in Writing served upon them begin and thereupon diligently proceed to restore to its former effective State such Drain or Sewer, the Use whereof has been affected by the Acts of the Commissioners, or to provide such other ©ewer or Drain as aforesaid, they shall forfeit to the Person aggrieved any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day after the Expiration of such Seven Days during which he is deprived of the Use of the Drain or Sewer to which he was so entitled, and is not provided with such other Drain or Sewer as aforesaid.

XXVII. Before entering into any Contract for executing any Commissioners

such Work as aforesaid the Commissioners shall procure from ^tl '

their Surveyor an Estimate of the probable Expence of con- prepared and structing the same in a substantial Manner, and of the yearly submitted to Expence of maintaining; the same in repair, and each Surveyor ^e nspector# shall accompany such Estimate with a Report as to the most advantageous Mode of constructing such Work, whether under a.

Contract for constructing the same merely, or a Contract for constructing the same and maintaining it in repair during a given Term of Years; and the Commissioners shall submit the Plan and Estimate of every such Work, together with the Report of their Surveyor, to the Inspector, who shall make in Writing such Observations or Suggestions thereupon as may seem to him to be expedient; and if the Commissioners do not regard or do

not —

380

Set

Cap. 34.

Totem Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

new Sewer, Occupier to )» I\r a Reduction made in hiw Rates.

As to the

Expeace of maintaining Sewers, &c.

Penalty for

making unauthorized Drains.

not act in conformity with such Observations or Suggestions,

---- they shall enter upon the Minutes of their Proceedings their

Reasons for not so doing.

As to the Ex- XXVIII. The Expence of making any now Sewer shall be newSewer*.10* defrayed as herein-after provided by special Sewer Rates to be levied on the Occupiers of all Lands and Buildings within the Where Lands, Drainage District in which such Sewer is situated: Provided «cc. were suf- that where in the Judgment of the Commissioners, and

before making by Allowance of the Inspector, any Lands or Buildings were sufficiently drained before the making of such new Sewer, the Occupiers thereof shall be entitled to have such Deduction made from the special Sewer Rates to which they would otherwise be liable in respect of the making of such new Sewer, and for such Time as the Commissioners, with the Approval of the Inspector, shall deem to be just, having regard to the Cost of making such new Sewer, and to the Value and Efficiency of such old Sewer; and whenever any old Sewer is enlarged, or open Sewer closed, the Expence of such Enlargement, or of closing such open Sewer, shall be defrayed in like Manner as if it had been incurred in making a new Sewer. 1

XXIX. The Expence of maintaining and cleaning all Sewers vested in the Commissioners, and all other Expences connected with such Sewers not herein-before provided for, or which may not be fully defrayed by the special Sewer Rates, shall be defrayed by general Sewer Rates to be levied as herein-after provided on the Occupiers of all Lands and Buildings within the Drainage District in which such Sewers are severally situated.

XXX. Every Person, not being employed for that Purpose by the Commissioners, who shall make any Drain into any of the Sewers or Drains so vested in the Commissioners shall forfeit to the Commissioners a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and the Commissioners may cause such Branch Drain to be re-made os they think fit, and all the Expence incurred thereby shall be paid by the Person making such Branch Drain, and shall be recoverable by the Commissioners as Damages.

XXXI. No Building shall be erected over any Sewer belonging to the Commissioners, and no Vault, Arch, or Cellar shall be made under the Carriageway of any Street, without the Consent

out the Consent of the Commissioners first obtained in Writing, and all such "om" Vaults, Arches, and Cellars shall be substantially made, and so as not to interfere or communicate with any Sewers belonging to the Commissioners; and if after the passing of the special Act any Building be erected, or any Vault, Arch, or Cellar be made, contrary to the Provisions herein contained, the Commissioners may demolish or fill up the same, and the Expences incurred thereby shall be paid by the Person erecting such Building, or making such Vault, Arch, or Cellar, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

XXXII. The Commissioners may stop any Street, and prevent all Persons from passing along and using the same, for a reasonable Time during the Construction, Alteration, Repair, or Demolition of any Sewer or Drain in or under such Street.

XXXIII. All

Vaults and Cellars under Stree ts not to be made with-

mtsMonera.

Streets may be stopped for Repairs.

1847. Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34.

XXXIII. All Sewers and Drains within the Limits of the special Act, whether public or private, shall be provided by the Commissioners or other Persons to whom they severally belong with proper Traps or other Coverings or Means of Ventilation so as toprevent Stench.

XXXIV. Any Person, being the Owner or Occupier of any Lands beyond the Limits of the special Act, and in fespect of which he would not be liable to the Payment of the Rates authorized to be levied under this and the special Act, may, with the Consent of the Commissioners first obtained in Writing, upon Payment to them of a reasonable Sum of Money to be agreed upon between them, at his own Expence, and under the Superintendence of the Surveyor of the Commissioners, cause to branch into and to communicate with any of the Sewers belonging to the Commissioners any Sewer or Drain in respect of the said Property which may be lawfully made therefrom of such Size and in such Manner and Form of Communication as the Commissioners approve of: Provided always, that nothing in this or the special Act contained shall affect any Right theretofore acquired by such Owner or Occupier to use any of the Sewers or Drains belonging to the Commissioners under the Provisions of this or the special Act.

And with respect to the Drainage of Houses, be it enacted as follows:

XXXV. If any House or Building within the Limits of the special Act be at any Time not drained by a sufficient Drain or Pipe communicating with some Sewer, or with the Sea or some public River, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, and if there shall be such Means of Drainage within One hundred Feet of any Part of such House or Building, the Commissioners shall construct or lay from such House or Building a covered Drain or Pipe of such Materials, of such Size, at such Level, and with such Fall, as they think necessary for the Drainage of such House or Buildings, its Areas, Waterclosets, Privies, and Offices; provided that the Cost of executing such Work shall not, without the written Consent of the Owner, exceed One Year's Rack Rent of such House or Building; and the Expences incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof, if not forthwith paid by the Owner or, Occupier, shall be defrayed by the Drainage Rates herein-after mentioned.

XXXVI. No House or Building within the Limits of the special Act shall be built upon a lower Level than will allow of the Drainage of the Wash and Refuse of such House or Building into some Sewer belonging to the Commissioners either then existing or marked out upon the Map herein-before directed to be made by them, or into the Sea, or some public River into which the Commissioners are empowered to empty their Sewers; and if there be such Means of Drainage existing within One hundred Feet of such intended House or Building, the Commissioners shall cause a Drain leading thereunto from

381

All Sewers, &c. to be covered with Traps.

Sewers may be used by Owners and Occupiers of Land beyond Limits of Town or District.

House Drain*.

Commissioner* empowered to constructDrains from House, charging Owner, &c. with the Expence.

No House to be hereafter built without Drains being constructed.

382

/louse Drains

I

Where Houses arc rebuilt, the Level shall he sufficient to allow a Drain to be constructed.

Notice of Buildings and R (/buildings to l»e given to the Commissioners.

Commissioners may signify Disapproval within Fourteen Days.

Houses built without Notice, or contrary to Provisions of thi? or the special Act, may be altered.

Tf Commis* sinners fail to signify their Approval, &c. within Fourteen Days, Parties may proceed without *

Cap. 34, Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

the intended Site of such House to be made of such Materials, of such Size, at such Level, and with such Fall, as they think fit, or if there be no such Means of Drainage within One hundred Feet of any Part of the said intended Site of such House or Building, then such Drain shall be made so as to lead into such covered Cesspool or other Place as the Commissioners direct, not being under any Dwelling House, and constructed to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, so as effectually to prevent the Escape of the Contents thereof, until such Sewer as aforesaid is made by the Commissioners, when they shall make a Drain to communicate with such new-made Sewer, and shall demolish and fill up any such Cesspool.

XXXVII. Whenever any House is rebuilt within the Limits of the special Act, the Level of the Cellar or other lowest Floor of such House shall be raised sufficiently to allow of the Construction of such a Drain as is herein-before provided in the Case of Houses to be built after the passing of the special Act; and whenever any House is taken down as low as the Floor of the First Story for the Purpose of being built up again, such Building shall be deemed a Rebuilding within the Meaning of this Act,

XXXVIII. Before beginning to build any new House, or to rebuild any existing House, within the Limits of the special Act, the Person intending to build or rebuild such House shall give to the Commissioners Notice thereof in Writing, and shall accompany such Notice with a Plan showing the Level at which the Foundation of such House is proposed to be laid by reference to some Level ascertained under the Direction of the Commissioners.

XXXIX. Within Fourteen Days after receiving such Notice the Commissioners may signify their Disapproval of the Level at which it is proposed to lay the Foundation of ariy such House, and in case of such Disapproval may within the said Fourteen Days fix the Level at which the same is to be laid, subject to such Right of Appeal as is herein-after mentioned.

XL. In default of sending such Notice and Plan, or if such Building be begun or made at any Level different from that fixed by the Commissioners within the said Fourteen Days, or determined on Appeal as after mentioned, or in any other respect contrary to the Provisions of this or the special Act, the Commissioners may, if necessary, cause such Building to be altered or demolished, as the Case requires, and the Expence incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by the Person failing to comply with the Provision aforesaid, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

XLI. Provided always, That if the Commissioners fail to signify in Writing their Approval or Disapproval of the Level shown on such Plan as aforesaid within Fourteen Days after receiving such Notice and Plan as aforesaid, the Person giving such Notice may, notwithstanding any thing herein-before contained, proceed to build or rebuild the House therein referred to

according

1847;

Towns Improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

according to the Level shown on such Plan, provided that such Building or Rebuilding be otherwise in accordance with the Provisions of this and the special Act.

XLII. The Commissioners shall require the Owner of every House within the said Limits to which no sufficient Privy and Ashpit, with proper Door and Coverings, is attached, to provide, where it appears to them that there is Room enough for the Purpose, such Privy and Ashpit in such Situation, not disturbing any Building then already erected, as the Commissioners deem necessary for the Use of the Inmates and Occupiers thereof; and every such Privy and Ashpit shall be constructed to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, so as effectually to prevent the Escape of the Contents thereof: Provided always, that wherea Privy and Ashpit is used in commonby the Inmates and Occupiers of Two or more such Houses, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, dispense with the Provision of a Privy and Ashpit for each such House.

XLIII. The Owner of any such House shall provide the same with a Privy, with such Door and Covering to the same, and with such Ashpit as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, within One Month next after Notice in Writing for that Purpose given by the Commissioners to him or to the Occupier of such House, and in default thereof the Commissioners shall cause such Privy and Ashpit to be provided, so nevertheless that the Cost of executing such Work shall not, without the written Consent of the Owner, exceed One Year's Back Rent of such House or Building; and the Expence incurred thereby shall be defrayed by the Drainage Rates herein-after mentioned.

XLIV. All Branch Drains as well within as without the Lands or Buildings to which they belong, and all Privies, Ashpits, and Cesspools within the Limits of the special Act, shall be under the Survey and Control of the Commissioners, and shall be altered, repaired, and kept in proper Order at the Costs and Charges of the Owners of the Lands and Buildings to which the same belong, or for the Use of which they are constructed or continued; and if the Owner and Occupier of any Land or Buildings to which any such Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool belongs neglect, during Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing for that Purpose, to alter, repair, and to put the same into good Order in the Manner required by the Commissioners, the Commissioners may cause such Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool to be altered, repaired, covered, and put in good Order; and the Expence incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by the Owners by whom the same ought to have been done, and shall be recoverable as

383

House Drains.

Commissioners may require Owners of Houses to provide Privies and Ashpits for the same.

Penalty for neglecting to provide Privy, &c.

Drains, Privies, and Cesspools to be kept in good Order by Owners.

If Owners neglect, Commissioners may cause the same to be done, and charge the Owners with the Expence.

XLV. The Surveyor of the Commissioners may inspect any As to the in-Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool within the Limits of the spection of special Act, and for that Purpose, at all reasonable Times in ^d^CesapodsT* the Daytime, after Twenty-four Hours Notice in Writing to the Occupier of the Premises to which such Drain, Privy,

I

384

Home Drains *

Penalty on Persons making or altering Drains, &c. contrary to the Orders of the Commissioners.

Paving.

[anagement of Streets rested in the Commissioners.

Commissioners to be Surveyors of Highways.

Commissioners liable to Indictment for Want of Repairs.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Ashpit, or Cesspool is attached, may enter upon any Lands and Buildings, with such Assistants and Workmen as are necessary, and cause the Ground to be opened where he thinks fit, doing as little Damage as may be; and if such Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool be found to be in proper Order and Condition, he shall cause the Ground to be closed and made good as soon as may be; and the Expences of opening, closing, and making good such Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool shall in that Case be defrayed by the Commissioners.

XLVI. If any such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool be on Inspection found to have been constructed, after the passing of the special Act, contrary to the Directions and Regulations of the Commissioners, or contrary to the Provisions of this or the special Act, or if any Person, without the Consent of the Commissioners, construct, rebuild, or unstop any Drain, Privy, or Cesspool which has been ordered by them to be demolished or stopped up or not to be made, every Person so doing shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Commissioners may cause such Amendment or Alteration to be made in any such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool as they think fit; and the Expence attending any such Amendment or Alteration shall be paid by the Person by whom such Sewer was improperly constructed, rebuilt, or altered, and shall be recoverable from him as Damages.

And with respect to paving and maintaining the Streets, be ti enacted as follows:

XLVII. The Management of all the Streets which at the passing of the special Act are or which thereafter become public Highways, and the Pavements and other Materials, as well in the Footways as Carriageways, of such Streets, and all Buildings, Materials, Implements, and other Things provided for the Purposes of the said Highways, by the Surveyors of Highways or by the Commissioners, shall belong to the Commissioners.

XLVIII. The Commissioners, and none other, shall be the Surveyors of all Highways within the Limits of the special Act, and within those Limits shall have all such Powers and Authorities, and be subject to all such Liabilities, as any Surveyors of Highways are invested with or subject to by virtue of the Laws for the Time being in force; and the Inhabitants of the District within the said Limits shall not, in respect of any Lands situate within the said District, be liable to the Payment of any Highway Rate, Grand Jury Cess, or other Payment in respect of making and repairing Roads within the other Parts of the Parish, Township, Barony, or Place in which the said District or any Part thereof is situate.

XLIX. The Commissioners shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor for refusing or neglecting to repair any public Highway within the Limits of the special Act, and shall be liable to be indicted for such Misdemeanor in the same Manner as the Inhabitants thereof, or of any Parish, Township, or other

District

1847J Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34.

District therein, were liable before the passing of the special Act

L. The Trustees of any Turnpike Road shall not collect any Toll on any Road within the Limits of the special Act, or lay out any Money thereon.

LL The Commissioners may from Time to Time cause all or any of the Streets under their Management, or any Part thereof respectively, to be paved, flagged, or otherwise made good, and the Ground or Soil thereof to be raised, lowered, or altered, in such Manner and with such Materials as they think fit; and they may also pave or make, with such Materials as they think fit, any Footways for the Use of Passengers in any such Street, and cause such Streets and Footways to be repaired from Time to Time.

LIL The Commissioners shall from Time to Time place rach Fences and Posts on the Side of the Footways of the Streets under their Management as may be needed for the Protection of Passengers on such Footways, and they may place Posts in the Carriageways of such Streets, so as to make the Crossing thereof less dangerous for Foot Passengers; and they shall from Time to Time repair any such Fences or Posts, or remove the same, or any Obstructions to any such Carriageway or Footway, as they think fit.

LIII. If any Street, although a public Highway at the passing of the special Act, have not theretofore been well and sufficiently paved and flagged or otherwise made good, the Commissioners may cause such Street, or the Parts thereof not so paved and flagged or otherwise made good, to be paved and flagged or otherwise made good, in such Manner as they think fit, and the Expences incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by the Occupiers of the Lands abutting on such {Street, or such Parts thereof as have not been theretofore well and sufficiently paved and flagged or otherwise made pood, and such Expences shall be recoverable from such Occupiers respectively as herein-after provided with respect to private Improvement Expences, and thereafter such Street shall be repaired by the Commissioners out of the Rates levied under this or the special Act.

LIV. If any Street, not being a public Highway at the passing of the special Act, be then or thereafter paved, flagged, or otherwise made good, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, then, on the Application of the greater Part in Value of the Occupiers of the Houses and Lands in such Street, the Commissioners shall, by Writing, under their Common Seal if they be incorporated, or, if they be not incorporated, then under the Hands of Five of the Commissioners, declare the same to be a public Highway, and thereupon the said Street shall become a public Highway, and shall be thereafter repaired by the Commissioners out of the Rates levied under this and the special Act; and such Declaration shall be entered among the Proceedings of the Commissioners, and Notice of such Declaration shall be put up in some conspicuous Place in or near Such Street.

B b 3 LV. If

385

Paving.

Road Trustees not to collect lolls within Limits of Act.

Power for the Commissioners to pave public Streets.

Commissioners may place Fences to Footways.

Where public Streets have not heretofore been paved, Commissioners may cause them to be paved at the Expence of the Occupiers of adjoining Lands.

Future Streets may be declared Highways.

Commissioners, upon Completion of Two Thirds of sny Street, may, upon Application, require remaining One Third to be completed by Owners of Houses.

Penalty on Persons altering Pavements without the Consent of the Commissioners.

New Streets.

Notice of Intention to lay out new Streets to be given to Commissioners.

Levels to be fixed by the Surveyor to the Commissioners.

If the Commissioners fail to fix the Level,

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VICT

XiY. If any Street, not being a public Highway at the passing of the special Act, be thereafter to the Extent of Two Third Parts thereof paved and flagged or otherwise made good to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, then, on the Application of the Owners of the Lands abutting on such Parts of the said Street as have been so made f?ood, the Commissioners may require the Owners of the Buildings or Lands abutting on the Remainder of the said Street to pave and flag or otherwise make good to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners such Remainder of the said Street, or such Parts thereof as front such last-mentioned Buildings and Lands, within a reasonable Time, to be fixed by the Commissioners; and if such Remainder of the said Street, or any such Part thereof as aforesaid, be not made good as aforesaid within the Time so fixed, the Commissioners may cause the Part not so made good to be made good, and the Expences which shall be incurred by the Commissioners in respect thereof shall be repaid to them by the Owners by whom such Paving ought to have been done respectively; and such Expences, if not forthwith repaid by such Owners, shall be recoverable from the Occupiers of such Buildings and Lands as herein-after provided with respect to private Improvement Expences; and when the whole of the said Street is paved and made good to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, they shall, by Writing, under their Common Seal if they be incorporated, or, if they be not incorporated, then under the Hands of Five of the Commissioners, declare the same to be a public Highway, and thereupon the said Street shall become a public Highway, and shall for ever afterwards be repaired by the Commissioners, and such Declaration shall be entered among the Proceedings of the Commissioners.

LYI. Every Person who wilfully displaces, take-up, or makes any Alteration in the Pavement, Flags, or other Materials of any Street under the Management of the Commissioners, without their Consent in Writing, or without other lawful Authority, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and also a further Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Square Foot of the Pavement, Flags, or other Materials of the Street exceeding One Square Foot so displaced, taken up, or altered.

And with respect to laying out new Streets, be it enacted as follows:

LVII. Every Person who intends to make or lay out any new Street shall give Notice thereof to the Commissioners, in order that the Level of such Street may be fixed by the Commissioners.

LVIII. The Level of every new Street shall be fixed under the Direction of the Surveyor of the Commissioners, subject to such Right of Appeal as hereafter mentioned; and the Level so fixed, if not altered on Appeal, shall be kept thereafter by every Person raising any House or other Building in such Street.

LIX. If the Commissioners do not fix such Level within Six Weeks from the Time of the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid,

1847.

387

Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34.

aid, unless the fixing of such Level be delayed by the Appeal herein-after provided, the Person giving such Notice may proceed (o lay out the Street at any Level which will allow of Compliance with the other Provisions of this and the special Act, as if such Level had been fixed by the Commissioners; and in such Case every Change of the Level which the Commissioners afterwards deem requisite, and the Works consequent thereon, shall be made by the Commissioners, and the Expence thereof, and any Damage which any Person sustains in consequence of such Alteration, shall be defrayed by them.

LX. Every Person who makes or lays out any such new Street as aforesaid, without causing such Notice to be given to the Commissioners as aforesaid, shall be liable to defray all the Expellees consequent upon any Change of the Level of the said Street deemed requisite by the Commissioners; and every Person who in building any House or other Building in such Street does not keep the Level fixed by the Commissioners shall be liable to defray all the Expences consequent upon any Change of the Level of that Part of the Street on which such House or Building abuts which the Commissioners deem requisite.

LXI. For the Purposes of this or the special Act, if the Commissioners deem it necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Situation of any Water Pipe or Gas Pipe, or other Waterworks or Gasworks laid in any of the Streets, they may from Time to Time, by Notice in Writing, require the Person to whom any such Pipes or Works belong, to cause forthwith, as soon as conveniently may be, any such Pipes or Works to be raised, sunk, or otherwise altered in Position in such Manner as the Commissioners direct; provided that such Alteration be not such as permanently to injure such Works, or to prevent the AArater or Gas from flowing as freely and conveniently as before; and the Expences attending such raising, sinking, or altering, and full Compensation for every Damage done thereby, shall be paid by the Commissioners as well to the Persons to whom such Pipes or Works belong as to all other Persons.

LXII. If the Person to whom any such Pipes or Works belong do not proceed forthwith, or as soon as conveniently may be after the Receipt of such Notice, to cause the same to be raised, sunk, or altered, in such Manner as the Commissioners require, the Commissioners may themselves cause such Pipes or Works to be raised, sunk, or altered as they think fit; provided that such Works be not permanently injured thereby, or the Water or Gas prevented from flowing as freely and conveniently as before.

LXIII. It shall not be lawful to make or lay out any new Street unless the same be of the prescribed Width, or where no Width is prescribed, unless the same, being a Carriage lioad, be at least Thirty Feet wide, or, not being a Carriage Road, be at least Twenty Feet wide.

the Party may proceed without.

Persons laying out Streets without Notice to £>e liable to the Expences of subsequent Alterations of Levels.

Situation of Gas and Water Pipes to he altered at the Expence of the Commissioners.

If Gas or Watet Company neglect to make the Alteration, the Commissioners may cause the same to be done.

As to the Width of new Streets.

And

388

Naming Shreds.

Houses to be numbered and Streets named. '

Numbers ofj Houses to be renewed by Occupiers.

Improving

Streets.

Houses may be set forward for improving Line of Street.

Commissioners may purchase Houses, &c. for effecting additional Improvements.

Houses projecting beyond Line of Street, when taken down to be set back.

Future Projections of Houses, &c. to be removed, on Notice.)

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

And with respect to naming the Streets and numbering the

Houses, be it enacted as follows:

LXIV. The Commissioners shall from Time to Time cause the Houses and Buildings in all or any of the Streets to be marked with Numbers as they think fit, and shall cause to be put up or painted on a conspicuous Part of some House, Building, or Place at or near each End, Corner, or Entrance of every such Street the Name by which such Street is to be known; and every Person who destroys, pulls down, or defaces any such Number or Name, or puts up any Number or Name different from the Number or Name put up by the Commissioners, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

LXV. The Occupiers of Houses and other Buildings in the Streets shall mark their Houses with such Numbers as the Commissioners approve of, and shall renew such Numbers as often as they become obliterated or defaced; and every such Occupier who fails, within One Week after Notice for that Purpose from the Commissioners, to mark his House with a Number approved of by the Commissioners, or to renew such Number when obliterated, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Commissioners shall cause such Numbers to be marked or to be renewed, as the Case may require, and the Expence thereof shall be repaid to them by such Occupier, and shall be recoverable as Damages.

And with respect to improving the Line of the Streets, and removing Obstructions, be it enacted as follows:

LXVI. The Commissioners may allow, uj)on such Terms as they think fit, any Building within the Limits of the special Act to be set forward, for improving the Line of the Street in which such Building, or any Building adjacent thereto, is situated.

LXVII. The Commissioners may agree with the Owners of any Lands within the Limits of the special Act for the absolute Purchase thereof, for the Purpose of widening, enlarging, or otherwise improving any of the Streets, and they shall re-sell any Parts of the Lands so purchased which shall not be wanted for the Enlargement of the Street.

LXVIII. When any House or Building, any Part of which projects beyond the regular Line of the Street, or beyond the Front of the House or Building on either Side thereof, has been taken down in order to be rebuilt or altered, the Commissioners may require the same to be set backwards to or toward the Line of the Street, or the Line of the adjoining Houses or Buildings, in such Manner as the Commissioners direct, for the Improvement of such Street: Provided always, that the Commissioners shall make full Compensation to the Owner of any such House or Building for any Damage he thereby sustains.

LXIX. The Commissioners may give Notice to the Occupier of any House or Building to remove or alter any Porch, Shed, projecting Window, Step, Cellar, Cellar Door or Window, Sign,

Sign

1847/

Towns Improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

Sign Post, Sign Iron, Showboard, Window Shutter, Wall, Gate, or Fence, or any other Obstruction or Projection erected or placed, after the passing of the special Act, against or in front of any House or Building within the Limits of the special Act, and which is an Obstruction to the safe and convenient Passage along any Street; and such Occupier shall, within Fourteen Days after the Service of such Notice upon him, remove such Obstruction, or alter the same in such Manner as shall have been directed by the Commissioners, and in default thereof shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the Commissioners in such Case may remove such Obstruction or Projection, and the Expence of such Removal shall be paid by the Occupier so making Default, and shall be recoverable as Damages: Provided always, that, except in the Case in which such Obstructions or Projections were made or put up by the Occupier, such Occupier shall be entitled to deduct the Expence of removing the same from the Rent payable by him to the Owner of the House or Building.

LXX. If any such Obstructions or Projections were erected or placed against or in front of any House or Building in any such Street before the passing of the special Act, the Commissioners may cause the same to be removed or altered as they think fit; provided that they give Notice of such intended Removal or Alteration to the Occupier of the House or Building against or in front of which such Obstruction or Projection shall be Thirty Days before such Alteration or Removal is begun, and if such Obstructions or Projections shall have been lawfully made, they shall make reasonable Compensation to every Person who suffers Damage by such Removal or Alteration.

LXXL All Doors, Gates, and Bars put up after the passing of the special Act within the Limits thereof, and which open upon any Street, shall be hung or placed so as not to open outwards, except when, in the Case of public Buildings, the Commissioners allow such Doors, Gates, or Bars to be otherwise hung or placed; and if, except as aforesaid, any such Door, Gate, or Bar be hung or placed so as to open outwards on any Street, the Occupier of such House, Building, Yard, or Land shall, within Eight Days after Notice from the Commissioners to that Effect, cause the same to be altered so as not to open outwards; and in case he neglect so to do, the Commissioners may make such Alteration, and the Expences of such Alteration shall be paid to the Commissioners by such Occupier, and shall be recoverable from him as Damages, and he shall, in addition, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXII. If any such Door, Gate, or Bar was before the passing of the special Act hung so as to open outwards upon any Street, the Commissioners may alter the same, so that no Part thereof when open shall project over any public Way.

LXXIII. When any Opening is made in any Pavement or Footpath within the Limits of the special Act, as an Entrance into any Vault or Cellar, a Door or Covering shall be made by the Occupier of such Vault or Cellar, of Iron or such other

Materials,

389

Improving

Streets.

Commissioners may cause existing Projections to be removed, and Compensation to be made.

Doors in future to be made to open inwards.

Doors opening outwards may be altered by Commissioners.

Coverings for Cellar Doors to be made by Occupier.

Improving

Streets.

Penalty for Neglect.

Waterspouts to be affixed to Houses or Buildings.

Buinous or dangerous Buildings.

Ruinous or dangerous ' Buildings to be taken down or secured by Owners, &c.

If Owner, Scc. neglect to repair, Commissioners may cause the same to be done, charging Owner, See. with the Expences.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Materials, and in such Manner as the ComnuwoaerB direct, and such Door or Covering shall from Time to Time be kept in good Repair by the Occupier of such Vault or Cellar; and if such Occupier do not within a reasonable Time make such Door or Covering, or if he make any such Door or Covering contrary to the Directions of the Commissioners, or if he do not keep the same when properly made in good Repair, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXIV. The Occupier of every House or Building in, adjoining, or near to any Street shall, within* Seven Days next after Service of an Order of the Commissioners for that Purpose, put up and keep in good Condition a Shoot or Trough of the whole Length of such House or Building, find shall connect the same either with a similar Shoot on the adjoining House or with a Pipe or Trunk, to be fixed to the Front or Side of such Building from the Roof to the Ground, to carry the Water from the Roof thereof, in such Manner that the Water from such House, or any Portico or Projection therefrom, shall not fall upon the Persons passing along the Street, or flow over the Footpath; and in default of Compliance with any such Order within the Period aforesaid such Occupier shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day that he shall so make default.

And with respect to ruinous or dangerous Buildings, be it enacted as follows:

LXXV. If any Building or Wall, or any Thing affixed thereon, within the Limits of the special Act, be deemed by the Surveyor of the Commissioners to be in a ruinous State, and dangerous to Passengers or to the Occupiers of the neighbouring Buildings, such Surveyor shall immediately cause a proper Hoard or Fence to be put up for the Protection of Passengers, and shall cause Notice in Writing to be given to the Owner of such Building or Wall, if he be known and resident within the said Limits, and shall also cause such Notice to be put on the Door or other conspicuous Part of the said Premises, or otherwise to be given to the Occupier thereof, if any, requiring such Owner or Occupier forthwith to take down, secure, or repair such Building, Wall, or other Thing, as the Case shall require; and if such Owner or Occupier do not begin to repair, take down, or secure such Building, Wall, or other Thing within the Space of Three Days after any such Notice has been so given or put up as aforesaid, and complete such Repairs, or taking down or securing, as speedily as the Nature of the Case will admit, the said Surveyor may make Complaint thereof before Two Justices, and it shall be lawful for such Justices to order the Owner, or in his Default the Occupier (if any), of such Building, Wall, or other Thing, to take down, rebuild, repair, or otherwise secure, to the Satisfaction of such Surveyor, the same, or such Part thereof as appears to them to .be in a dangerous State, within a Time to be fixed by such Justices; and in case the same be not taken down, repaired, rebuilt, or otherwise secured

within

1847. Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34. 891

vithin the Time so limited, or if no Owner or Occupier can be bund on whom to serve such Order, the Commissioners shall

nth all convenient Speed cause all or so much of such Building, -

Vall, or other Thing as shall be in a ruinous Condition, and langerous' as aforesaid, to be taken down, repaired, rebuilt, or therwise secured in such Manner as shall be requisite; and all he Expences of putting up every such Fence, and of taking lown, repairing, rebuilding, or securing such Building, Wall, or ther Thing, shall be paid by the Owner thereof!

LXXVI. If such Owner can be found within the Limits of The Eipence* he special Act, and if, on Demand of the Expences aforesaid, he be teglect or refuse to pay the same, then such Expences may be owner!* °n evied by Distress, and any Justice may issue his Warrant ccordingly.

LXXVII. If such Owner cannot be found within the said If Owner can. limits, or sufficient Distress of his Goods and Chattels within he said Limits cannot be made, the Commissioners, after giving may take the Twenty-eight Days Notice of their Intention to do so, by posting House or t printed or written Notice in a conspicuous Place on such Build- ^iiking Com-□g, or on the Land whereon such Building stood, may take such

pensation pro.

iuilding or Land, provided that such Expences be not paid or vided by

endered to them within the said Twenty-eight Days, making 7 & 8 Vict* 0, 18

Compensation to the Owner of such Building or Land in the

banner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845,

n the Case of Lands taken otherwise than with the Consent

>f the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and the Commissioners

hall be entitled tb deduct out of such Compensation the

Amount of the Expences aforesaid, and may thereupon sell or otherwise dispose of the said Building or Land for the Purposes

>f this Act.

LXXVIII. If any such House or Building as aforesaid. Commissioner* ir any Part of the same, be pulled down by virtue of the Powers rosy sell the aforesaid, the Commissioners may sell the Materials thereof, or o much of the same as shall be pulled down, and apply the Pro- owner Over- -^eeds of such Sale in Payment of the Expences incurred in pl arising espect of such House or Building; and the Commissioners shall firom the s*lc* estore any Overplus arising from such Sale to the Owner of uch House or Building, on Demand; nevertheless, the Commissioners, although they sell such Materials for the Purposes aforesaid, shall have the same Remedies for compelling the Payment >f so much of the said Expences as may remain due after the Application of the Proceeds of such Sale as are herein-before jiven to them for compelling the Payment of the whole of the said Expences.

And with respect to Precautions during the Construction and Precaution* Repair of the Sewers, Streets, and Houses, be it enacted as durin9 BePair* follows:

LXXIX The Commissioners shall, during the Construction Bar*t0be )r Repair of any of the Streets vested in them, and during the stre«u w^uT Construction or Repair of any Sewers or Drains, take proper Repairs or Al-Precaution for guarding against Accident, by shoreing-aip and termtions are

protecting "k"* »nd

Lights placed at Night.

Hoards to be set up during Repairs.

Penalty for not lighting Deposits of Building Materials or

Excavation*.

protecting the adjoining Houses, and shall cause such Bars or Chains to be fixed across or in any of the Streets, to prevent the Passage of Carriages and Horses while such Works are carried on, as to them shall seem proper; and the Commissioners shall cause any Sewer or Drain or other Works, during the Construction or Repair thereof by them, to be lighted and guarded during the Night, so as to prevent Accidents; and every Person who takes down, alters, or removes any of the said Bars or Chains, or extinguishes any Light, without the Authority or Consent of the Commissioners, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXX. Every Person intending to build or take down any Building within the Limits of the special Act, or to cause the same to be so done, or to alter or repair the outward Part of any such Building, or to cause the same to be so done, where any Street or Footway will be obstructed or rendered inconvenient by means of such Work, shall before beginning the same cause sufficient Hoards or Fences to be put up, in order to separate the Building where such Works are being carried on from the Street, with a convenient Platform and Handrail, if there be Boom enough, to serve as a Footway for Passengers, outside of such Hoard or Fence, and shall continue such Hoard or Fence, with such Platform and Handrail as aforesaid, standing and in good Condition, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, during such Time as the public Safety or Convenience requires, and shall in all Cases in which it is necessary, in order to prevent Accidents, cause the same to be sufficiently lighted during the Night; and every such Person who fails to put up such Fence or Hoard, or Platform with such Handrail as aforesaid, or to continue the same respectively standing and in good Condition as aforesaid during the Time aforesaid, or who does not, while the said Hoard or Fence is standing, keep the same sufficiently lighted in the Night, or who does not remove the same, when directed by the Commissioners, within a reasonable Time afterwards, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and a further Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day while such Default is continued.

LXXXI. When any Building Materials, Rubbish, or other Things are laid, or any Hole made, in any of the Streets, whether the same be done by Order of the Commissioners or not, the Person causing such Materials or other Things to be so laid, or such Hole to be made, shall at his own Expence cause a sufficient Light to be fixed in a proper Place upon or near the same, and continue such Light every Night from Sun-setting to Sun-rising while such Materials or Hole remain; and such Person shall, at his own Expence, cause such Materials or other Things and such Hole to be sufficiently fenced and inclosed until such Materials or other Things are removed or the Hole filled up or otherwise made secure; and every such Person who fails so to light, fence, or inclose such Materials or other Things, or such Hole, shall for every Such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and a further Penalty not exceed-

893

Town* Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34 *

ing Forty Shillings for every Day while such Default is Pncaations continued. during Repair

Xj XXXII. In no Case shall any such Building Materials or penalty for other Things or such Hole be allowed to remain for an unneces- continuing sary Time, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds to be

Sid for every such Offence by the Person who causes Such teriaW Exl aterials or other Things to be laid or such Hole to be made, amnions an and a further Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every I}IjJ^80nable Day during which such Offence is continued after the Convic- Ime' tion for such Offence; and in any such Case the Proof that the Time has not exceeded the necessary Time shall be upon the Person so causing such Materials or other Things to be laid, or such Hole to be made.

___ XIII. If any Building or Hole or any other Place near Dangerous

any Street be, for Want of sufficient Repair, Protection, or In- p, ac.^j° j* closure, dangerous to the Passengers along such Street, the Com- [^sed or missioners shall cause the same to be repaired, protected, or inclosed, so as to prevent Danger therefrom; and the Expenses of such Repair, Protection, or Inclosure shall be repaid to the Commissioners by the Owner of the Premises so repaired, protected, or inclosed, and shall be recoverable from him as Damages.

And with respect to Objections to the Works to be con- Objections to structed by or subject to the Approval of the Commissioners, Works, be it enacted as follows:

LXXXIV. Twenty-eight Days at the least before fixing the Commissioners Level of any Street which has not become a public Highway, or lITv'u any Street which has not been theretofore levelled or paved, and or ^er5/e 8 before making any Sewer where none was before, or altering the Course or Level of or abandoning or stopping any Sewer, the Commissioners shall give Notice of their Intention by posting a printed or written Notice in a conspicuous Place at each End of every such Street through or in which such Work is to be undertaken, which Notice shall set forth the Name or Situation of the Street intended to be levelled or paved, and the Names of the Places through or near which it is intended that the new Sewer shall pass, or the existing Sewer be altered or stopped up, and also the Places of the Beginning and the End thereof, and shall refer to Plans of such intended Work, and shall specify a Place where such Plans may be seen, and a Time when and Place where all Persons interested in such intended Work may be heard thereupon; and they shall at the same Time give to the Inspector Notice of the said intended Work, and of the Time and Place appointed for hearing Objections thereto.

LXXXV. The Commissioners shall meet at the Time and Meeting of Place mentioned in the said Notice, to consider, in the Presence Commissioners of the Inspector, or of the Surveyor of the Commissioners, IfonHn the* any Objections made against such intended Work, and all Per- Presence of the sons interested therein, or likely to be aggrieved thereby, shall In*P*ctor. be entitled to be heard before the Commissioners at such Meeting; and thereupon the Commissioners may, with the Concurrence

394

Objections to Works.

Persons aggrieved by Order of Commissioners may appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Chanting Streets

Commissioners to cause Streets to be cleansed, and Dust and Ashes to be removed from the Houses.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

currence of the Inspector, if any Inspector has been appointed and is present at such Meeting, or in the Absence of the Inspector, or if no Inspector have been appointed, then in their Discretion, abandon or make such Alterations in the said intended Work as they judge fit; and no such Work to which any Objection is made at such Meeting at which any such Inspector shall be present shall be executed unless the Inspector, or if no Inspector have been appointed, then unless the Surveyor of the Commissioners, after the Person making such Objection or his Agent has been heard, certify that the Work in his Judgment ought to be executed, nor shall such Work be begun until the End of Seven Days after an Order for the Execution thereof has been duly made by the Commissioners, and entered in their Books.

LXXXVI. Any Person liable to pay or to contribute towards the Expence of any of the Works aforesaid, or otherwise aggrieved by any Order of the Commissioners relating thereto, may, at any Time within Seven Days next after the making of any such Order, give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners that he intends to appeal against such Order to the Court of Quarter Sessions holden next after the Expiration of Ten Days next after such Notice, and along with such Notice he shall give a Statement in Writing of the Grounds of the Appeal; and if within Four Days next after giving such Notice the Party enter into a Recognizance before some Justice, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try the Appeal, and abide the Order of the Court, and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Court thereupon, the Work so appealed against shall not be begun until after the Judgment of the Court upon such Appeal; and such Court, upon due Proof of such Notice and of such Recognizance having been given and entered into, shall hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal, and shall make such Order thereon, either confirming, quashing, or varying the same, and shall award such Costs to either of the Parties, as the Court in its Discretion thinks fit: Provided always, that the Appellant shall not be heard in support of such Appeal unless such Notice and Statement have been given and such Recognizance entered into as aforesaid, nor on the hearing of such Appeal shall he go into Evidence of any other Grounds of Appeal than those set forth in such Statement as aforesaid.

And with respect to cleansing the Streets, be it enacted as follows:

LXXXVII. The Commissioners shall cause all the Streets, together with the Foot Pavements, from Time to Time to be properly swept and cleansed, and all Dust and Filth of every Sort found thereon to be collected and removed, and shall cause all the Dust, Ashes, and Rubbish to be carried away from the Houses and Tenements of the Inhabitants of the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act, at convenient Hours and Times, and shall cause the Privies and Cesspools

within

18^7. > Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34.

within the said Town or District to be from Time to Time emptied and cleansed in a sufficient and proper Manner: Provided always, that the Occupier of any House or Tenement within the Limits of the special Act may keep and remove any such Soil, Ashes, or Rubbish as shall be made on his own Premises, and shall be kept for Manure, so that the same be not a Nuisance to the Inhabitants residing near such Premises, and that the same be removed at such Times and in such Manner as shall be approved of by the Commissioners.

LXXXVIII. The Occupiers of Buildings and Lands within or adjoining the Streets shall once in every Day (Sundays excepted), before Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon of each Day, cause to be swept and cleansed the Footways and Pavements in front or at the Side of their respective Buildings and Liands; and every such Occupier making Default herein shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings; and for the Purpose aforesaid, when any House shall be let in separate Apartments, the Person letting such Apartments shall be deemed the Occupier.

LXXXIX. The Commissioners may compound, for such Time as they think fit, with any Person liable to sweep or clean any Footway under the Provisions of this or the special Act, for sweeping and cleaning the same in the Manner directed by this or the special Act.

XC. The Dust and Filth which the Commissioners shall cause to be collected from the Streets, Privies, Sewers, and Cesspools, and all the Dust, Ashes, and Rubbish which the Commissioners shall cause to be collected and carried away from the Houses or elsewhere within the said Limits, shall be the Property of the Commissioners, and the Commissioners shall have Power to sell and dispose of the same as they think proper, and the Money arising from the Sale thereof shall be applied toward the Purposes of the special Act.

XCI. The Commissioners may from Time to Time provide Places convenient for the Deposit of the Night Soil, Dung, Ashes, and other Filth and Rubbish to be collected under the Authority of this or the special Act, and for stabling and keeping all Horses, Carts, Implements, and other Things required for the Purposes of this or the special Act, or of any Act to be incorporated therewith; and for any of such Purposes the Commissioners may purchase or hire any Lands or Buildings by them considered necessary, or they may cause any new Building to be made upon any Land which shall be purchased or hired by them under the Provisions of this or the special Act.

XCII. The Commissioners, if they think fit so to do, may cause any Number of moveable or fixed Dust Boxes or other Conveniences, wherein Dust and Ashes may be deposited until removed and carried away, to be provided and placed in such of the Streets as they shall judge necessary, and may require the Occupiers of Houses or Tenements within such Streets to cause all their Dust and Ashes to be deposited daily in the said Dust

Boxes

395

Cleansing

Streets.

Occupiers to cause Footways to be swept.

Penalty for Neglect.

Commissioners may compound for sweeping Footways.

Dust, &c. collected to be vested in the Commissioners.

Commissioners may provide Lands, &c. for Deposit of Soil and Materials.

Dust Boxes to be erected by Commissioners.

Nuisances.

Regulations to prevent Accumulation of Dung, &c.

On Certificate of the Officer of Health, Filth to be removed.

Houses to be whitewashed,

and purified, on Certificate of Officer of Health, &e.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VICTL

Owner of' such Building or Land, and shall be recoverable as

Damages.

C. If the Dung or Soil of any Stable, Cowhouse, or Pigstye, or other Collection of refuse Matter, elsewhere than in any Farmyard, be at any Time allowed to accumulate within the Limits of the special Act for more than Thirty Days, or for more than Seven Days after a Quantity exceeding One Ton has been collected in any Place not allowed by the Commissioners, such Dung, Soil, or Refuse, if not removed within Forty-eight Hours after Notice from any Officer of the Commissioners for that Purpose, shall become the Property of the Commissioners, and they, or any Person with whom they have at that Time any subsisting Contract for the Removal of Refuse, may sell and dispose of the same, and the Money thence arising shall be applied towards the Purposes of the special Act.

CI. If at any Time the Officer of Health, or, if for the Time being there be no Officer of Health, any Two Surgeons or Physicians, or One Surgeon and One Physician, residing within the Limits of the special Act, certify under his or their Hand to the Commissioners that any Accumulation of Dung, Soil, or Filth, or other noxious or offensive Matter, within the Limits of the special Act, ought to be removed, as being injurious to the Health of the Inhabitants, the Clerk to the Commissioners shall forthwith give Notice to the Owner or reputed Owner of such Dung, Soil, or Filth, or to the Occupier of the Land where the same are, to remove the same within Twenty-four Hours after such Notice; and in case of Failure to comply with such Notice the said Dung, Soil, or Filth shall thereupon become vested in the Commissioners, and they, or any Person with whom they have at that Time contracted for the Removal of all such Refuse, may sell and dispose of the same, and the Money thence arising shall be applied towards the Purposes of the special Act.

CIL If at any Time the Officer of Health, or, if for the Time being there be no Officer of Health, any Two Surgeons or Physicians, or One Surgeon and One Physician, residing within the said Limits, certify under his or their Hands to the Commissioners that any House or Part of any House or Building within the Limits of the special Act is in such a filthy or unwholesome Condition that the Health of the Inmates or of the Neighbours is thereby affected or endangered, or that the whitewashing, cleansing, or purifying of any House or Building, or any Part thereof, would tend to prevent or check infectious or contagious Disease therein, or that any Drain, Privy, or Cesspool is in such a defective State that the Health of the Neighbours is thereby affected or endangered, the Commissioners shall order the Occupier of such House or Part thereof to whitewash, cleanse, and purify the same, and the Owner of such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool to amend the Condition thereof, in such Manner and within such Time as the Commissioners deem reasonable; and if such Occupier or Owner do not comply with such Order he shall be liable to a Penalty

not

1847. To tens Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34.

not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day's Neglect thereof; and in such Case the Commissioners may cause such House or any Part thereof to be whitewashed, cleansed, and purified, or the Condition of such Drain, Privy, or Cesspool to be amended, and may recover the Expence thereof from such Occupier or Owner in the same Manner as Damages.

CIII. No Coffin containing a Corpse shall be buried in any Grave within the Limits of the special Act, not being a Vault or Catacomb, without at least Thirty Inches of Soil between the ordinary Surface of such Burial Ground and the upper Side of the Coffin; and if the Person having the Preparation or the immediate Charge of the Preparation of the Grave to receive such Coffin permit the Coffin to be buried in such Grave, or if the Person having the Control of the Burial Ground knowingly permit any Coffin to be buried in any Grave in which there is not left after the Burial thereof Thirty Inches at the least of Soil, measuring from the ordinary Surface of such Burial Ground to the upper Side of the Coffin, the Person having the immediate Charge of the Preparation of the Grave, and the Person having the Control of the Burial Ground in which such Burial is made, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CIV. If any Candle-house, Melting-house, Mclting-place, or Soap-house, or any Slaughter-house, or any Building or Place for boiling Offal or Blood, or for boiling or crushing Bones, or any Pigstye, Necessary House, Dunghill, Manure Heap, or any Manufactory, Building, or Place of Business within the Limits of the special Act, be at any Time certified to the Commissioners by the Inspector of Nuisances or Officer of Health, or if for the Time being there be no Inspector of Nuisances or Officer of Health, by any Two Surgeons or Physicians, or One Surgeon and One Physician, to be a Nuisance or injurious to the Health of the Inhabitants, the Commissioners shall direct Complaint to be made before Two Justices; and any Justice may summon before any Two Justices the Person by or on whose Behalf the Work complained of is carried on, and such Justices shall inquire into such Complaint, and they may, by an Order in Writing under their Hands, order such Person to discontinue or remedy the Nuisance within such Time as to them shall appear expedient: Provided always, that if it appear to such Justices that in carrying on any Business complained of the best Means then known to be available for mitigating the Nuisance or the injurious Effects of such Business have not been adopted, they may suspend their final Determination, upon Condition that the Person so complained against shall undertake to adopt within a reasonable Time such Means as the said Justices shall judge to be practicable and order to be carried into effect for mitigating or preventing the injurious Effects of such Business.

CV. If any such Nuisance, or the Cause of any such injurious Effects as aforesaid, be not discontinued or remedied within such Time as shaft be ordered by the said Justices, the Person by or

C c 2 on

399

Nuisance*.

No Interment in any Grave without leaving Two Feet Six Inches clear of Soil above the Coffin.

Justices may order Nuisances to be abated.

Penalty for Disobedience of Orders of Justices.

1

Xuivinces.

Commissioners to order Costs of Prosecutions to be paid out of the Rates.

Act not to affect Nuisances at Common Law.

Smoke.

Fireplaces of Factories, &c. to consume their own Smoke.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VICTi

on whose Behalf the Business causing such Nuisance is-carried on shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which such Nuisance shall be continued or unremedied after the Expiration of such Time as aforesaid: Provided always, that when any Person who thinks himself aggrieved by any such Order shall, according to the Provisions of this or the special Act, appeal against any such Order, such Person shall not be liable to discontinue or remedy the Nuisance or Cause of the injurious Effects mentioned therein, or to pay any Penalty, until after the Expiration of Five Days after the Determination of such Appeal and the Confirmation of such Order, unless such Appeal cease to be prosecuted.

CVI. The Commissioners may direct any Prosecution for any public Nuisance whatsoever, created, permitted, or suffered within the Limits of the special Act, and may order Proceedings to be taken for the Recovery of any Penalties, and for the Punishment of any Persons offending against the Provisions of this or the special Act, or of any Act incorporated therewith, and may order the Expences of such Prosecution or other Proceedings to be paid out of the Rates authorized to be imposed under the Provisions of this and the special Act.

CVII. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render lawful any Act or Omission on the Part of any Person which is, or but for this Act would be, deemed to be a Nuisance at Common Law, nor to exempt any Person guilty of Nuisance at Common Law from Prosecution or Action in respect thereof, according to the Forms of Proceeding at Common Law, nor from the Consequences upon being convicted thereof.

And with respect to the Prevention of Smoke, be it enacted as follows:

CVIII. Every Fireplace or Furnace constructed after the passing of the special Act, in order to be used within the Limits of such Act in the working of Engines by Steam, or in any Mill, Factory, Dyehouse, Brewery, Bakehouse, Gas-work, or in any Manufactory whatsoever, (although a Steam Engine be not used or employed therein,) shall be so constructed as to consume the Smoke arising from the Combustibles used in such Fireplace or Furnace; and every such Fireplace or Furnace existing within the said Limits at the Date of the passing of the special Act, used for the Purposes aforesaid, not so constructed as to consume the Smoke arising from such Fireplace or Furnace, shall within the prescribed Period, or if no Period be prescribed, then within Two Years after the passing of the special Act, be so altered in its Construction as to consume such Smoke; and if after such Period any Person use for any of the Purposes aforesaid any Fireplace or Furnace not so constructed as aforesaid, or if at any Time any Person use any such Fireplace or Furnace constructed after the passing of the special Act, and not so constructed as aforesaid, or so negligently use any such Fireplace or Furnace as

C.

1847!

I i

Towns Improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

401

Fire.

Party Walls to be carried up through the Roof.

Walls of Buildings and Coverings of Roofs to be made of incombustible Materials.

not to consume the Smoke arising from the Combustibles used Smoke. therein, every Person so offending shall be liable to a Penalty of Forty Shillings for every Day during any Part of which such Furnace or Fireplace shall be so used and continued after One Month's Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Owner or Occupier of such Furnace or Fireplace by the Commissioners to remedy or discontinue the Use of the same.

And with respect to the Construction of Houses for Prevention of Fire, be it enacted as follows:

CIX. The Party Walls of all Buildings erected after the passing of the special Act within the Limits thereof shall be carried through and above the Roof, to form a Parapet of not less than Twelve Inches in Height, measured at Right Angles with the Slope of the Roof, above the Covering of the Roof of the highest Building to which such Party Walls belong; and .all such Party Walls, and the external Walls of all Buildings, erected after the passing of the special Act, in or near any Street, or within the Curtilage of any House adjoining any Street, shall be constructed of incombustible Materials, and the Coverings of the Roof thereof shall not, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Commissioners, be constructed of combustible Materials; and it shall not be lawful for the Owner of any Building within the Limits of the special Act, having at the passing of the special Act a Roof covered with Thatch or other combustible Material, and contiguous to or adjoining to an^ other Building, to suffer such Covering to such Roof to remain for a longer Period than Seven Years after the passing of the special Act, unless with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners; and every Person who shall erect any Building, or cover any Roof, or suffer the Covering of any Roof to continue, contrary to the Provision herein contained, and who shall not remove or alter the same within One Month after Notice given to him for that Purpose by the Commissioners, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One Pound for every Day that such Building or Covering to such Roof shall so continue.

And with respect to supplying Buildings with fresh Air, be it enacted as follows:

CX. Before beginning to build any Building intended to be used as a Church, Chapel, or School, or a Place of public Amusement or Entertainment, or for holding large Numbers of People for any Purpose whatsoever, within the Limits of the special Act, the Person intending to build the same shall give Fourteen Days Notice in Writing to the Commissioners, and shall accompany such Notice with a Plan and Description of the Manner proposed for its Construction, with respect to the Means of supplying fresh Air to such Building; and no Person shall begin to build such Building until the Manner proposed for its Construction, with respect to the Means for supplying fresh Air, have been approved of by the Commissioners; and in default of sending such Notice, or if any such Building be erected

Ventilation.

Regulating Construction of Buildings intended as Places lor Public Meetings.

No Person to begin lo build until Plan has been approved by Commissioners.

402

Ventilation.

If Commissioners fail to signify their Approval of Plan within Fourteen Days, Party may proceed to build.

Persons may appeal against Determination of Commissioners.

Cellars in Courts not to be occupied as Dwellings after letting prohibited.

No Cellars under the Height of Seven Feet from the Fluor to the Ceiling to be let as Dwellings.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VICT

without such Approval, the Commissioners may cause such Building, or such Part of it as they consider necessary, to be pulled down or altered, at the Expence of the Owner, and any Expence incurred by the Commissioners in so doing may be recovered as herein-before provided with respect to ndnouB or dangerous Buildings taken down or repaired by the Commissioners.

CXI. Provided always, That if the Commissioners fail to signify in Writing their Approval or Disapproval of the Manner of Construction of such Building, with respect to the Means of supplying fresh Air shown on such Plan and Description as aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after receiving such Notice, accompanied by such Plan and Description, the Person giving such Notice may, notwithstanding any thing herein contained, proceed to build the Building therein referred to in the Manner shown on such Plan and Description; provided that such Building be otherwise in accordance with the Provisions of this and the special Act.

CXII. Provided also, That if the Person so intending to build be dis-satisfied with the Determination of the Commissioners as to the said proposed Manner of Construction, he shall have the same Right of Appeal against the Determination of the Commissioners, and such Appeal shall be followed by the same Incidents, as herein-before provided in the Case of Appeals against any Order of the Commissioners with respect to Works to be constructed by or subject to the Approval of the Commissioners.

CXIII. It shall not be lawful to let separately, except as a

Warehouse or Storehouse, or to suffer to be occupied as a Dwelling Place, any Cellar under any House in any Court within the Limits of the special Act, after the Commissioners have given Notice to the Owners thereof that the letting of Cellars as Dwelling Places in such Court is prohibited from that Time forth; and it shall be the Duty of the Commissioners to issue such Notices from Time to Time, as soon as is convenient, until such Notice has been given with respect to every Court within the Limits of the special Act.

CXIV. It shall not be lawful to let separately, except as a Warehouse or Storehouse, or to suffer to be occupied as a Dwelling Place, any Cellar or Room under any House within the said Limits, although not situated in a Court, which Cellar or Room shall be less in Height from the Floor to the Ceiling than Seven Feet, or which shall be less than One Third of its Height above the Level of the Street or Ground adjoining the same, or otherwise shall not have Two Feet at least of its Height from the Floor to the Ceiling above the said Level, with an open Area of Two Feet wide from the Level of the Floor of such Cellar or Room up to the Level of the said Street or Ground, or which shall not have appurtenant thereto the Use of a Water-closet or Privy and Ashpit, according to the Enactment herein contained, or which shall not also have a glazed Window made to open to the full Extent of the Half thereof,

the

1847. Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34. 403

the Area of which is not less than Six Feet clear of the Veiuiiation.

Frame, and a Fireplace, with a Chimney or Flue, or which

Cellar, being an inner or back Cellar let or occupied along with

a front Cellar as Part of the same Letting or Occupation, has

not a ventilating Flue, (unless such inner or back Cellar shall be

Part of a House built before the passing of the special Act,)

or which shall not be well and effectually drained by means of a

Drain the Bottom of which is One Foot at least below the Level

of the Floor of such Cellar or Room.

CXV. Every Person who lets separately (except as aforesaid) Penalty on or who knowingly sutlers to be occupied for Hire, as a Dwelling ^£8 Such Place, any Cellar or Room, within the Limits of the special Act Dwelling contrary to the Provisions of this and the special Act, shall Places, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and a further Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day during which such Cellar or Room is so occupied after Conviction of the first Offence.

And with respect to Lodging Houses, be it enacted as follows:

CXVI. It shall not be lawful to keep or use as a public Lodging House within the Limits of the special Act any House, not being a Licensed Victualling House, which shall be rated to the Relief of the Poor on a less Sum than Ten Pounds, nor in any Case unless such House shall have been registered as a Lodging House in a Book to be kept by the Commissioners for that Purpose; and every House shall be deemed a public Lodging House within the Meaning of this Act in which Persons are harboured or lodged for Hire for a single Night, or for less than a Week at One Time, or any Part of which is let for any Term less than a Week.

CXVII. The Commissioners shall cause a Register to be kept in which shall be entered the Names of all such Persons as apply to have the Houses occupied by them registered as Lodging Houses, and the Situations of such Houses; and the Commissioners shall from Time to Time fix the Number of Lodgers who may be received into each such Lodging House, and make Rules for promoting Cleanliness and Ventilation in such Lodging House; and they shall order that a Ticket containing the Number of Lodgers allowed to be received into the House, and a Table of Rules for promoting Cleanliness and Ventilation, shall be hung up or placed in a conspicuous Part of each Room into which Lodgers are received; and the Keepers of all such Lodging Houses shall at all Times observe the said Rules, and

S've Access to such Lodging Houses, when required by any ersons appointed by the Commissioners, for the Purpose of Inspection thereof, or for the Purpose of performing therein any disinfecting Process which the Commissioners may order.

CXVIII. Every Person who shall keep any Lodging House, and receive Lodgers therein, without such Lodging House having been duly registered, or who shall receive into the same more Lodgers than shall be allowed by the Commissioners, or who

Judging

Houses.

For the Regulation and Inspection of Lodging Houses.

Commissioners to keep a Register of lodging I louse Keepers, and make Rules for promoting Cleanliness and Ventilation.

Penalty on Lodging House Keepers not complying with the Provisions of the Act.

T

404

Lodging

Houses,

Lighting,

Commissioners may contract for lighting the Streets.

Tor ascertaining Price to be paid for Gas in case of Dispute.

Water.

Power to Commissioners to construct public Cisterns and Pumps for Supply of Water to Baths and Wash* houses.

Commissioners not to construct such new Works without Approval.

Cap. 34. Towns Imj/rovement Clauses. 10 & 11 VICTi

shall fail to keep such Ticket or such Table of Rules as aforesaid hung up or displayed as required by the Commissioners, or who shall neglect to cause such Rules to be observed in any such Lodging House, or who shall refuse to admit to such Lodging House at all reasonable Times any Person appointed by the Commissioners for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or who shall wilfully obstruct any such Person in performing any disinfecting Process therein which the Commissioners may order, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for each such Offence.

And with respect to lighting the Town or District, be it enacted as follows:

CXIX. The Commissioners may contract for the prescribed Period, or (where no Period shall be prescribed) for any Period not exceeding Three Years at any One Time, with the Owners of any Gasworks, or with any other Person, for the Supply of such Gas or Oil or other means of lighting,; ind may provide such Lamps, Lamp Posts, and other Works as the Commissioners think necessary for lighting such Streets.

CXX. If the Commissioners, and the Owners of any Gasworks authorized by Act of Parliament to supply Gas within the Limits of the special Act, and with whom the Commissioners may be desirous of contracting, shall not agree as to the Price to be paid for such Supply, then such Price shall be settled by Arbitration; and for that Purpose the Clauses of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act.

And with respect to the Supply of Water, be it enacted as

follows:

CXXI. The Commissioners shall cause all existing public Cisterns, Pumps, Wells, Conduits, and other Waterworks used for the gratuitous Supply of Water to the Inhabitants within the Limits of the special Act to be continued, maintained, and supplied with Water, or they shall substitute other such Works equally convenient, and shall cause them to be maintained and supplied with Water; and such public Cisterns and other Works shall be vested in the Commissioners, and be under their Management and Control; and the Commissioners may construct any Number of new Cisterns, Pumps, Conduits, and other Waterworks, for the gratuitous Use of any Persons who choose to carry the same away, not for Sale, but for their own private Use, and may supply with Water any public Baths or Wash-houses; provided that the Commissioners shall not construct any such new Works without the prescribed Approval, or, if no Approval be prescribed, without the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings; and, before giving their Approval to the Construction of any such new Works, the last-mentioned Commissioners shall cause a local Inquiry to be made in the Manner prescribed

405

4847/ I . Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34.

bj an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Application for Local Acts, and shall withhold their Inquiry if upon such Inquiry they shall be satisfied that an equally good and abundant Supply of Water for such public Purposes can be procured as cheaply by any other Means than by the Construction of such new Works.

CXXII. The Commissioners may contract for the prescribed Period, or (where no Period shall be prescribed) for any Period not exceeding Three Years at One Time, with the Owners of any Waterworks or any other Person for such Supply of Water as the Commissioners shall think necessary for the Purposes of this or the special Act.

CXXIII. If the Commissioners, and the Owners of any Waterworks authorized by Act of Parliament to supply Water within the Limits of the special Act, with whom the Commissioners may be desirous of contracting, do not agree as to the Price to be paid for such Supply, then such Price (except where by the Act authorizing such Waterworks some other Mode of determining such Price shall be provided) shall be settled by Arbitration, and for that Purpose the Clauses of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act.

CXXIV. The Commissioners shall cause Fireplugs, and all necessary Works, Machinery, and Assistance for securing an efficient Supply of Water in Cases of Fire, to be provided and maintained, and for this Purpose they may enter into any Agreement with any Water Company or other Party, and they shall paint or mark on the Buildings and Walls within the Streets Words or Marks near to such Fireplugs to denote the Situation thereof, and do such other Things for the Purposes aforesaid as they may from Time to Time deem expedient.

And with respect to Slaughter-houses, be it enacted as follows:

CXXV. The Commissioners may license such Slaughterhouses and Knackers Yards as they from Time to Time think proper for slaughtering Cattle within the Limits of the special Act

CXXVI. No Place shall be used or occupied as a Slaughterhouse or Knacker's Yard within the said Limits which was not in such Use and Occupation at the Time of the passing of the special Act, and has so continued ever since, unless and until a Licence for the Erection thereof, or for the Use and Occupation thereof as a Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yard, have been obtained from the Commissioners; and every Person who, without having first obtained such Licence as aforesaid uses as a Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yard any Place within the said Limits not used as such at the passing of the special Act, and so continued to be used ever since, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and a like

Penalty

9 & 10 Vict. c. 106.

Commissioners may contract for Supply of Water.

For ascertaining Price to l>c paid for Water in case of Dispute.

Commissioners to cause Fire Plugs, &c. lo be provided and maintained.

Slaughter-

houses.

Commissioner! may license Slaughterhouses, &c.

No new Slaughterhouses in future to be erected without a Licence.

Slnughier-

houus.

Existing Slaughterhouses, &c. to be registered.

Commissioners may make Bye Lairs for Regulation of Slaughterhouses, &c.

Justices may suspend Licence of Slaughterhouses, &c., in addition to Penalty imposed.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vrt. I

Penalty for every Day after the Conviction for such Ofoot upon which the said Offence is continued.

CXXVII. Every Place within the Limits of the specnl Aa which shall be used as a Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yaat shall, within Three Months after the pasting of such Act, be registered by the Owner or Occupier thereof at the Oftce« the Commissioners, and on Application to the CommisioKQ for that Purpose the Commissioners shall cause every ask Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yard to be registered in a M to be kept by them for that Purpose; and every Person wfe after the Expiration of the said Three Months, and after One Week's Notice of this Provision from the Commissioners, ra or suffers to be used any such Place as a Slaughter-home cr Knacker's Yard, without its being so registered, shall be Bank to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for such Offence, mis Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day after tk first Day during which such Place shall be used as a Slaughterhouse or Knacker's Yard without having been so registered

CXXVIII. The Commissioners shall from Time to Tine, by Bye Laws to be made and confirmed in the Marnier heron-after provided, make Regulations jfor the licensing, registering and Inspection of the said Slaughter-houses and Knacks? YardS, and preventing Cruelty therein, and for keeping tk same in a cleanly and proper State, and for removing Filth it least once in every Twenty-four Hours, and requiring them to be provided with a sufficient Supply of Water, and they mt; impose pecuniary Penalties on Persons breaking such Bye Lai?: provided that no such Penalty exceed for any One Offence tfe Sum of Five Pounds, and in the case of a continuing Nuisance tk Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day during which such Nuisance shall be continued after the Conviction for the first Offence.

CXXIX. The Justices before whom any Person is convicted of killing or dressing any Cattle contrary to the Provision of this or the special Act, or of the Non-observance of any of tk Bye Laws or Regulations made by virtue of this or the specnl Act, in addition to the Penalty imposed on such Person under the Authority of this or the special Act, may suspend for any Period not exceeding Two Months the Licence granted to swi I Person under this or the special Act, or in case such Pereoo I be the Owner or Proprietor of any registered Slaughterhouse or Knacker's Yard, may forbid for any Period not exceeding Two Months the slaughtering of Cattle therein; and such Justices, upon the Conviction of any Person for a seconder other subsequent like Offence, may, in addition to the Penalty imposed under the Authority of this or the special Act, declare the Licence granted under this or the special Act revoked, or, if such Person be the Owner or Proprietor of any registered | Slaughter-house, may forbid absolutely the slaughtering of Cattle therein; and whenever the Licence of any such Person is revoked as aforesaid, or whenever the slaughtering of Cattle in any registered Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yarn is ab»* lutely forbidden as aforesaid, the Commissioners may refine to

gnat

Towns Improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

407

grant any Licence whatever to the Person whose Licence has been so revoked, or on account of whose Default the slaughtering of Cattle in any registered Slaughter-house has been forbidden.

CXXX. Every Person who during the Period for which any such Licence is suspended, or after the same is revoked as aforesaid, slaughters Cattle in the Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yard to which such Licence relates, or otherwise uses such Slaughterhouse or Knacker's Yard, or allows the same to be used as a Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yard, and every Person who during the Period that the slaughtering of Cattle in any such registered Slaughter-house or Knacker's Yard is forbidden as aforesaid, or after such slaughtering has been absolutely forbidden therein, slaughters any Cattle in any such registered Slaughter-house, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for such Offence, and a further Penalty of Five Pounds for every Day on which any such Offence is committed after the Conviction for the first Offence.

CXXXI. The Inspector of Nuisances, the Officer of Health, or any other Officer appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, may at all reasonable Times, with or without Assistants, enter into and inspect any Building or Place whatsoever within the said Limits kept or used for the Sale of Butchers Meat, or for slaughtering Cattle, and examine whether any Cattle, or the Carcase of any such Cattle, is deposited there; and in case such Officer shall find any Cattle, or the Carcase or Part of the Carcase of any Beast, which appears unfit for the Food of Man, he may seize and carry the same before a Justice, and such Justice shall forthwith order the same to be further inspected and examined by competent Persons; and in case, upon such Inspection and Examination, such Cattle, Carcase, or Part of a Carcase be found to be unfit for the Food of Man, such Justice shall order the same to be immediately destroyed or otherwise disposed of in such Way as to prevent the same being exposed for Sale or used for the Food of Man; and such Justice may adjudge the Person to whom such Cattle, Carcase, or Part of a Carcase belongs, or in whose Custody the same is found, to pay a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Animal or Carcase or Part of a Carcase so found; and the Owner or Occupier of any Building or Place kept or used for the Sale of Butchers Meat, or for slaughtering Cattle, and every other Person, who obstructs or hinders such Inspector or other Officer from entering into and inspecting the same, and examining, seizing, or carrying away any such Animal or Carcase or Part of a Carcase so appearing to be unfit for the Food of Man, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence.

Slaughter-

hOMMM.

Penalty for slaughtering Cattle during Suspension of Licence, &c.

Officers may enter and in* spect Slaughterhouses, &c.

And with respect to Things to be done by the Commissioners Special Order. by special Order only, be it enacted as follows: -

CXXXII. Where by this or the special Act the Commis- As to certain sioners are empowered to do any thing by special Order only,

it

by the Commissi oners by special Order only.

Final Resolution not to be carried into effect for One Month, nor then it's Majority of the Ratepayers remonstrate .gainst the same.

Commissioners may purchase Slaughterhouses, &c .;

and Places for public Itecte-ution.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

it shall not be lawful for them to do such Thing unless the Resolution to do the same have been agreed to by the Commissioners in some Meeting whereof special Notice has been given, and has been confirmed in a subsequent Meeting held not sooner than Four Weeks after the preceding Meeting, and which subsequent Meeting has been advertised once at least in each of the Weeks intervening between the Two Meetings in some Newspaper circulating within the Limits of the special Act, and of which special Notice in Writing has been given to each of the Commissioners,

CXXXIII. Provided always, That after any Resolution has been confirmed in a subsequent Meeting as aforesaid the Commissioners shall not proceed to carry the same into effect until after the Expiration of One Month from the Date of such Second Meeting, and during such Month such Resolution shall be advertised once at lea&t in each Week in some Newspaper circulating within the Limits of the special Act, and public Notice thereof shall also be given by means of Placards posted in public Places within the said Limits, and Reference shall in such Advertisement and Notice be made to some Place provided by the Commissioners where the Plan or Particulars of the Work or Matter to which such Resolution relates may be gratuitously seen by the Rate-payers; and if before the Expiration of such Month a Remonstrance in Writing against carrying into effect such Resolution, or any Part thereof, signed by a Majority of the Rate-payers having Votes in the Election of the Commissioners (such Majority being computed with reference to the Number of Votes to which in such Election each Ratepayer is entitled under the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith), be presented to the Commissioners, such Resolution, or such Part thereof as such Remonstrance applies to, shall not be carried into effect, and where any such Remonstrance applies to Part only of any such Resolution, the Commissioners may either carry into effect the Remainder of such Resolution, or rescind the same, as they think fit.

CXXXIV. The CommissioAers may from Time to Time, with the Concurrence in Writing of the Inspector, and by special Order as herein defined but not otherwise, purchase, rent, build, or otherwise provide such Slaughter-houses and Knackers Yards as they think proper for slaughtering Cattle within the Limits of the special Act.

CXXXV. The Commissioners may by a special Order as herein defined, but not otherwise, purchase, rent, or otherwise provide Lands, Grounds, or other Places either within the Limits of the special Act, or at a reasonable Distance therefrom, not exceeding Three Miles from the Centre of the principal Market Place, if any, or from the principal Office of the Commissioners, and in a Situation to be approved of by the Inspector, to be used as a Pleasure Ground or Place of public Resort or Recreation; and the Commissioners may from Time to Time level, drain, plant, and otherwise lay out and improve any such

public

1847. Towns Im/rrovement Clauses. Cap. 34.

public Lands or Grounds for the more convenient Use and Enjoyment thereof.

CXXXVI. The Commissioners may from Time to Time by special Order as herein defined, but not otherwise, purchase, rent, or otherwise provide, either within the Limits of the special Act, or at a reasonable Distance therefrom, suitable and convenient Land and Buildings in a Situation and according to Plans to be approved of by the Inspector, to be used for public Baths and Wash-houses, and public open Bathing Places, and public Drying Grounds, for the Use and Accommodation of the Inhabitants within the Limits of the special Act, in washing and drying Clothes and other Articles, and may fit up the same respectively with all requisite and proper Conveniences, and from Time to Time enlarge, renew, and repair the same respectively, and afford the Use thereof respectively to such Inhabitants at silch reasonable Charges, and under and subject to such Regulations, as the Commissioners may deem expedient; and every Person who offends against any such Regulations shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Offence.

CXXXVII. Provided always, That the Number of Baths for the Use of the Working Classes in any Building provided by the Commissioners shall not be less than twice the Number of the other Baths of any higher Class.

CXXXVIII. The Commissioners may from Time to Time make such reasonable Charges for the Use of such Baths, Bathing Places, Wash-houses, and Drying Grounds as they think fit, but as regards the Working Classes, not exceeding the Charges, if any, mentioned in the special Act, unless for the Use of any Washing Tub or Trough for more than Two Hours in any One Day, in which Case any Charge may be made which the Commissioners deem reasonable.

CXXXIX. For the Recovery of the Charges at such Washhouses and Drying Grounds the Officers, Servants, and others having the Management thereof may, at the Period of using the same, or at any subsequent Time, detain the Clothes or other Goods and Chattels in or upon any such Wash-house or Drying Ground of any Person refusing to pay the Charge to which such Person may be liable, or any Part thereof, till full Payment thereof be made; and in case such Payment be not made within Seven Days, the Commissioners may sell such Clothes, Goods, and Chattels, or any of them, returning the surplus Proceeds of such Sale, after deducting the unpaid Charge, and the Expences of such Detention and Sale, and the unsold Articles, if any, on Demand, to such Person.

CXL. A printed Copy or sufficient Abstract of the Bye Laws made by the Commissioners relating to the Use of such Baths, Bathing Places, and Wash-houses, so far as regards every such Bath, Bathing Place, or Wash-house, shall be put up in such Bath Room, Bathing Place, and Wash-house.

CXLI. Whenever any of such public Baths, Bathing Places, Wash-houses, or Drying Grounds are deemed by the Commissioners to be unnecessary or too expensive to be kept up, the

Commis-

409

Special Order.

Public Bathing Places and Drying Grounds.

Proportion of Baths for the working Classes.

Charges for the Use of Baths.

Recovery of Charges for the Use of Baths, Sec.

Publication of Bye Laws in regard to Baths, &c.

Sale of Baths, &c. on discontinuing them.

Special Order.

Application to be made to Parliament, if additional Powers necessary.

Clockir.

Power to

Commissioners to provide public Clocks.

Execution of Works by Commissioners.

Commissioners empowered to enter upon Lands for the Purposes of this Act.

Penalty on Persons obstructing Commissioners in their Duty.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Commissioners may, by special Order as herein' defined, but not otherwise, discontinue the same, and sell the Lands, Buildings, and Materials for the best Price that can reasonably be obtained, and convey the same accordingly; and the Purchase* Money shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Commissioners, and be disposed of as the Commissioners direct.

CXLII. If it appear that any Works which the Commissioners deem necessary for promoting the Health or Convenience of the Inhabitants of the District within the Limit of the special Act cannot lawfully be carried into effect by the Commissioners, under the Powers vested in them by tins or the special Act, by reason either that the Monies authorized to be raised by them are insufficient for the Purpose, or that any Lands are required which the Commissioners are not by this or the special Act authorized to take or use, or for any other Season, the Commissioners may, by special Order as herein defined, but not otherwise, cause Application to be made to Parliament for an Act to enable them to execute such Works, and may defray the Expences of such Application out of the Rates authorized to be levied by them under this and the special Act.

CXLIII. And with respect to Clocks, be it enacted, That the Commissioners may from Time to Time provide such Clocks as they consider necessary, and cause them to be fixed upon or against any public Building, or, with the Consent of the Owner and Occupier, upon or against any private Building, the Situation of which may be convenient for that Purpose, and may cause the Dials thereof to be lighted at Night, and from Time to Time alter and remove any such Clocks to such other like Situation as they shall consider expedient.

And with respect to Entry by the Commissioners or their Officers in execution of this or the special Act, be it enacted as follows:

CXLIV. The Commissioners shall, for the Purposes of this or the special Act, have Power by themselves or their Officers to enter at all reasonable Hours in the Daytime into and upon any Buildings or Lands within the Limits of the special Act, as well for the Purpose of Inspection as for the Purpose of executing any Work authorized to be executed by them under this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, without being liable to any legal Proceedings on account thereof: Provided always, that, except when herein or in the special Act it is otherwise provided, the Commissioners or their Officers shall not make any such Entry, unless with the Consent of the Occupier, until after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours Notice for that Purpose given to the Occupier.

CXLV. Every Person who shall at any Time obstruct the Commissioners or any Person employed by them in the Performance of any thing which they are respectively empowered or required to do by this or the special Act, or any Act to be incorporated therewith, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

And

Towns improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

411

Execution of Work e by Owners.

And with respect to ensuring the Execution of the Workri y, this or the special Act required to be done by the Owners >r Occupiers of Houses or Lands, be it enacted as follows:

CXL vX Where under this or the special Act any Notice is As to Service equired to be given to the Owner or Occupier of any Building oJner^and >r Land, such Notice addressed to the Owner or Occupier Occupiers of hereof, as the Case may require, may be served on the Occu- Buildings and >ier of such Building or Land, or left with some Inmate of his Lands '

bode, or, if there be no Occupier, may be put up on some conspicuous Part of such Building or Land; and it shall not >e necessary in any such Notice to name the Occupier or the )wner of such Building or Land: Provided always, that when he Owner of any such Building or Land, and his Residence, ire known to the Commissioners, it shall be the Duty of the Commissioners, if such Owner be residing within the Limits of he special Act, to cause every Notice required to be given to he Owner to be served on such Owner, or left with some jimate of his Abode; and if such Owner be not resident within he Limits of the special Act, they shall send every such Notice >y the Post, addressed to the Residence of such Owner.

CXLVII. Whenever under the Provisions of this or the Commissioners, special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, any Work of jownerUor Oc-iny Kind is required to be executed by the Owner or Occupier ciipier, may >f any House or Lands, and Default is made in the Execution execute W orks, )f such Work, the Commissioners may cause such Work to be executed, and the Expence incurred by the Commissioners in espect thereof shall, except in the Case in which such Expences ire herein-before directed to be defrayed by Drainage Rates, be repaid to them by the Person by whom such Work ought to have been executed.

CXLVIII. Whenever Default is made by the Owner of any Occupier, in Buildings or Lands in the Execution of any Work by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, required to execute works, be executed by him, the Occupier of such Buildings or Lands and deduct may, with the Approval of the Commissioners, cause such Work from

to be executed, and the Expense thereof shall be repaid to such 18 ent* Occupier by the Owner of the Buildings or Lands, and such Occupier may deduct the Amount of such Expence out of the Rent from Time to Time becoming due from him to such Owner.

CXLIX. If the Owner of any Buildings or Lands made How Expences liable by this or the special Act for the Repayment to the Commissioners of any Expences incurred by them do not, as soon ownei\ as the same become due and payable from him, repay all such Expences to the Commissioners, the Commissioners may recover the same from such Owner in the same Manner as Damages, or in an Action of Debt in any of the Superior Courts, or in any other Court having Jurisdiction *

CL. The Commissioners may, by way of additional Remedy, Power to levy whether any such Action or Proceeding has been brought or Charges on taken against any such Owner or not, require the Payment of maydeducth° all or any Part of the Expences [payable by the Owner for the the same from Time his Rent.

! '!

p f

* I Ji I

Iff Mint fil ty *

Execution

nf Works by Owners.

Occupier not to be liable for more than the Amount of Kent due.

Commissioners may allow Time for Repayment by Owners of 1 mprovement Kx ponces.

Proceedings in case of Tenants opposing the Execution of this Act.

Cap. Ml. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Time being from the Person who then or at any Time thereafter occupies any such Buildings or Lands under such Owner; and in default of Payment thereof by such Occupier, on Demand, the same may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier in the same Manner as any Rate may be recovered from him under this or the special Act; and every such Occupier shall be entitled to deduct from the Rent payable by him to his Landlord so much as is so paid by or recovered from him in respect of any such Expences.

CLI. Provided always, That no Occupier of any Buildings or Lands shall be liable to pay more Money in respect of any Expences charged by this or the special Act on the Owner thereof than the Amount of Rent due from him for the Premises in respect of which such Expences arc payable at the Time of the Demand made upon him, or which at any Time after such Demand and Notice not to pay the same to his Landlord have accrued and become payable by him, unless be neglect or refuse, upon Application made to him for that Purpose by the Commissioners, truly to disclose the Amount of his Rent, and the Name and Address of the Person to whom such Rent is payable; but the Burden of Proof that the Sum demanded of . any such Occupier is greater than the Rent which was due by him at the Time of such Demand, or which has since accrued, shall lie upon such Occupier: Provided further, that nothing herein contained shall be taken to affect any special Contract made between any such Owner or Occupier respecting the Payment of the Expences of any such Works as aforesaid

CLII. Where any such Expences payable to the Commissioners by any Owner of any such Building or Lands amount to more than Half the Amount of the net annual Value of such Building or Lands, the Commissioners may, if they think fit, at the Request of any such Owner, allow Time for the Repayment of such Expences, and receive the same by such Instalments as they, under the Circumstances of the Case, consider reasonable, but so that the same be repaid by annual Instalments of not less than One Seventh Part of the whole Sum originally due, with Interest for the Principal Money from Time to Time remaining unpaid after the yearly Rate of Five Pounds in the Hundred during the Period of Forbearance; but all such Sums remaining due, notwithstanding the Commissioners have agreed to allow any Time for the Repayment thereof as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time, at the Expiration of the several Times so allowed for Repayment thereof, be recoverable in like Manner as such respective Amounts would have been recoverable if no such Time had been allowed for Repayment thereof.

CLIII. If the Occupier of any Buildings or Lands within the Limits of the special Act prevent the Owner thereof from carrying into effect in respect of such Buildings or Lands any of the Provisions of this or the special Act, or of any Act incorporated therewith, after Notice of his Intention so todo has been given by the Owner to such Occupier, any Justice, upon Proof

thereof.

1847« Tarns Improvement Chmes* Cap>34.

thereof, may make an Order in 'Writing requiring such Occupier to permit the Owner to execute all such Works with respect to such Buildings or Lands as may be necessary for cany ing into effect the Provisions of this and the special Act, or of any Act ncorporated therewith; and if after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Date of such Order such Occupier continue to efuse to permit such Owner to execute such Works, such Occu->ier shall for every Day during which he so continues to tefttse >e liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and every uch Owner during the Continuance of such Refusal shall be lischarged from any Penalties to which be might otherwise have become liable by reason of his Default in executing such Works.

CLIV. Nothing herein or in the special Act contained shall xtend to avoid any Agreement in Writing entered into before he passing of the special Act for erecting or altering any Bulking, but the same shall be performed with such Alterations as lay be rendered necessary by this or the special Act, and as if uch Alterations had been stipulated for in such Agreement; nd the Difference between the Cost of the Work according to he Agreement and the Cost of such Work as executed accord-ig to the Provisions of this and the special Act shall be ascer-ained by the Parties to the respective Agreements, and paid for r deducted as the Case may require; and if the said Parties o not -agree upon the Amount of Such Difference, the same hall, on the Request of either Party (Notice being given to he other), be decided by the Surveyor to the Commissioners, nd for his Trouble in making such Decision each of the said Arties shall pay to the said Surveyor such Sum not exceeding Ine Pound, and to be disposed of for such Purposes of the pecial Act, as the Commissioners shall direct.

CLV. Nothing herein or in the special Act contained shall fleet any Lease or Agreement for a Lease whereby any Person lay be bound to erect Buildings upon any Building Ground dthin the Limits of the special Act, but the Buildings men-oned in such Lease or Agreement shall be built according to he Conditions which may be rendered necessary by this or the pecial Act, in the same Manner as if this and the special Let had been passed and in operation at the Time of making uch Lease or Agreement, and the same had been made subject hereto, and that without either Party being entitled to any Compensation.

And with respect to the Rates directed by this Act to be lade for Sewers, Drains, and private Improvements, be it nacted as follows:

CLVI. Where by this or the special Act the Occupiers of ay Lands or Buildings are made liable to the Payment of any Cxpetices which are directed to be recoverable as private Im-rovement Expences, the Commissioners may charge the Occu-iers of such Lands and Buildings respectively with special Late?, over and above any other Rates to which such Persons tay be liable under this and the special Act, after the yearly

if Worktbf Om

Respecting existing Coo* tracts for Building.

Respteting Contracts for Lease *

As to the Re* corery of pri- | vote Improve* ment Expences.

Where new Sewers are made Commissioners may make special Sewer Rates.

Commissioners to make a general Sewer Kate distinct from other Rates.

Commissioners may borrow Money by Mortgage of Sewer Rates.

Sewer Rate to be of such Amount as to pay off Monies borrowed thereqo iir Thirty Years.

Cases where Rates may be charged upon separate and distinct Districts.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VSQfl

Bate of Six Pounds Ten Shillings in the Hundred Pounds OH the Cost of such private Improvements respectively, such special Bates to be payable during Thirty Years next after such Expences have been incurred.

CLVII. Whenever any new Sewer shall be made the Commissioners may charge the Occupiers of all Lands and Building! liable to contribute to the Rates for making tho same with special Sewer Bates, over and above any other Rates to which such Persons may be liable under this or the special Act, after the yearly Rate of Six Pounds Ten Shillings in the Hundred Pounds on the Cost of making such new Sewer, such special Sewer Rates to be payable during Thirty Years next after suek Expences have been incurred.

CLVIII. Except where it shall be otherwise provided by the special Act, the Commissioners shall make a Sewer Bate, to be called the general Sewer Rate, distinct from any other Bate which they may be authorized to make under the special Act, and the Money to be raised by such general Sewer Bate! shall be applied in maintaining and clearing the Sewers, and all other Expences connected with such Sewers not herein-befer! provided for, or which may not be fully defrayed by the special Sewer Rates, and for securing and paying off any Monies which may be borrowed for the Purpose aforesaid on Security of the gpecial Sewer Rates under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or of any Act incorporated therewith, and the Interest of such Monies which the special Sewer Rates shall be insufficient to defray.

CLIX. The Commissioners may borrow Money by Mortgage of the special and general Sewer Rates for making new Sewers, or inclosing open Sewers, and also for any private Improvement Expences, by Mortgage of the Rates respectively applicable to defray such Expences, and for that Purpose the Clauses of the " Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847/' with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, shall be in* corporated with this Act; and in order to discharge the Principal Money borrowed as aforesaid on Security of any such Rates, the Commissioners shall in every Year pay oft" not leas than One Thirtieth Part of any Principal Sum so borrowed.

CLX. The Commissioners shall from Time to Time, unless it be otherwise provided by the special Act, make the general Sewer Rate of such Amount as will with the special Sewer Rates raise Money sufficient not only to defray the current Expences of maintaining the Sewers that shall have been purchased or made, but also to keep down the Interest of any Monies borrowed on Security of the special and general Sewer Rate, and to pay off the Principal of such Monies within a Period not longer than Thirty Years.

CLXI. Where by this or the special Act the Commissioners are authorized to order that any Kate shall be levied by Assessments to be made for separate and distinct Districts, the Commissioners from Time to Time may order Assessments to bs made in respect of the Rates authorized to be so levied upon

separate

W4fW

41$

Tmmm Impvmmmnt Claamm Cbp. 84.

separate and distinct Districts, and in each Case the Ooramis- *

ionett shall oftuse their Surveyor to describe and define in the *

Plan of the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act every such separate and distinct District for the Purposes ef separate rating as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as Occasion shall require.

CLXII. The Commissioners may in such Case, instead of Rates to be making One Assessment for the whole Town or District within the Limits of the special Act, make separate and distinct Assess- uUct*DUtricu. tnents, as Occasion shall require, for every such separate and cHstinct District respectively, and may appoint, if they see fit,

Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers for every such District, ind they shall cause separate and distinct Accounts to be kept >f all Monies collected and received under any Rate in each listinct District, and of all Payments and Disbursements in respect thereof, and they shall, unless otherwise provided by the special Act, apply the Monies to be collected and received Torn each distinct District under any such Rate as aforesaid for the several Purposes to which the same may be lawfully ipplied under the Authority of this and the special Act, but so nevertheless that each District shall, as near as may be, bear its >wn Expences; and in case any such Expences shall apply to >r be incurred in respect of Two or more Districts, the same shall be apportioned and divided between such Districts in a fair tnd equitable Manner.

CLX.IIL In all Cases when the Commissioners have paid Drainage >r become liable to the Payment of any Expences in construct- Ratei* ng or laying any Drain or Pipe from any House or Building,

>r in providing any Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool for the Use of the )ccupierB thereof, and when neither the Owner nor Occupier f such House or Building is willing to defray the said Expences orthwith, the Commissioners shall lay Drainage Rates on the ^couplers of such Houses and Buildings respectively, to be con-inued for Six successive Years and no longer; and the Sum to annually levied by every such Drainage Rate shall be One ?ifth Part of the whole Expence incurred in constructing* aying, or providing such Drain, Privy, Ashpit, or Cesspool as .fore8&id, and shall be applied in satisfaction thereof; and the Amount of any such Drainage Rate may be added to any other late levied from the Occupiers of Such Houses and Buildings, nd recovered therewith by the like Ways and Means.

CLXIV. Every Occupier of any such House or Building at Occupier* may i Rent not less than the Rack Rent who has paid any such ded«ct frr°->ainage Rate shall be entitled to deduct Three Fourths of the mte

late so paid by him from the Rent payable by him to his from their Kent, landlord: Every Occupier at a Rent less than the Rack Rent rho has paid any such Drainage Rate shall be entitled to deduct rom the Rent payable by him to his Landlord such Proportion f Three Fourths of the Kate so paid by him as the Rent payable >y him bears to the Rack Rent.

CLXV. Every Landlord, from whom any Part of his Rent Lfnd, ^d* ms been deducted on account of such Drainage Rate, and who Tenant* may

D d 2 is deduct Propor-

416

tion of Drainage Rate from their Rent.

Limitation of Expenditure for House Drains, &c.

Rates to be levied on Persons holding, using, or occupying Houses, &c.

Proportion to be paid by Holders of Lands, Nursery Grounds, &c.

Exemptions from Rates.

Rates may be prospective or retrospective.

Commissioners to cause Estimates to be

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses* 10 & 11 VICTi

is himself liable to the Payment of Rent* shall be entitled to deduct from the Rent payable by him such Proportion of the Sum so deducted from the Rent payable to him as the Rent payable by him bears to the Rent payable to him, and so in succession with respect to every Landlord receiving Rent, and also liable to pay Rent on account of such House or Building; provided that no Landlord, being also a Tenant, shall be entitled under this Provision to deduct from the Rent payable by him more than the whole Sum deducted from the Rent payable to him.

CLXVX Without the written Consent of the Owner of any such House or Building, the Commissioners shall not be empowered to expend during any Term of Six successive Years more in the whole than One Year's Rack Rent thereof in constructing or laying any such Pipe or Drain, or in providing any such Privy, Cesspool, or Ashpit.

And with respect to the Manner of making Rates authorized by this or the special Act, be it enacted as follows:

CLXVII. Every Rate which the Commissioners are by this

or the special Act authorized to make or levy shall be made and levied by them at yearly, half-yearly, or such other Periods as they think fit, upon every Person who occupies any of the prescribed Kinds of Property, or (if no Property be prescribed) any House, Shop, Warehouse, Counting-house, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Workshop, Manufactory, Garden, Land, or Tenement whatsoever (except as herein-after is excepted), within the Limits of the special Act, or of the District where such Rate is assessed on the Occupiers of Land* and Buildings of a separate District as herein-before provided, according to the full net annual Value thereof respectively; and the said Rates shall be vested in the Commissioners, and shall be payable at such Times as they appoint: Provided always, that every Person occupying Lands used as Arable, Meadow, or Pasture Ground only, or as Woodlands or Market Gardens or Nursery Grounds, shall be rated in respect of the same in the prescribed Proportion only, if no Proportion be prescribed, in the Proportion of One Third Part only of such net annual Value thereof as aforesaid.

CLXVIII. Provided also, That no Person shall be rated to any Rate made in pursuance of this or the special Act in respect of Tithes, or of any Church, Chapel, Meeting House, or other Building exclusively used for Public AYorship, or any Building exclusively used for the Purposes of gratuitous Education of the Poor or of public Charity, or any Building or Land belonging to the Commissioners.

CLXIX. The Commissioners may make any such Rate as aforesaid prospectively in order to raise Money to pay Charges and Expences to be incurred thereafter, or retrospectively in order to raise Money to pay Charges and Expences already incurred. .7

CLXX. The Commissioners from Time to Time, b6fore pr(V ceeding to make any Rate which by this or the special Act <>r

any

f 1 [J,

1847. Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34.

any Act incorporated therewith, they are authorized to levy, shall cause an Estimate to be prepared of the Money required for the several Purposes in respect of which they are authorized to levy such Kate, showing the several Sums required, the rateable Value of the Property assessable, and the Rate on each Pound of such Value necessary to raise the Money required, which Estimate, after the same has been approved of by the Commissioners, shall be forthwith entered on the Rate Book to be kept by the Commissioners as herein-after provided.

CLXXI. Notice of the Intention of making every Rate authorized to be made under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, and of the Time at which the same is intended to be made, and of a Place where a Statement of the proposed Rate is deposited for Inspection by the Rate-payers, shall be given by the Commissioners by Placards posted up in public Places, and shall be advertised in some Newspaper circulating within the Limits of the special Act, in the Week immediately previous to such Rate being made, or as nearly so as may be.

CLXXII. Every such Rate shall be fairly transcribed in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and may be in the Form given in the Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit of; and every such Rate shall contain an Account of every Particular set forth at the Head of the respective Columns so far as the same can be ascertained; and every such Rate shall be signed by not less than Six of the Commissioners.

CLXXIII. The Statement of the proposed Rate, and the Rate immediately after the same is made, shall be open to the Inspection of any Person interested or rated in such Rate at all reasonable Times, and any such Person may take Copies or Extracts from such Statement or Rate without paying any thing for the same; and any Person having the Custody of such Statement or Rate who refuses or does not permit any Person 80 interested or rated as aforesaid to take Copies or Extracts from such Statement or Rate shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CLXXIV. The Commissioners may from Time to Time amend any Rate made by virtue of this or the special Act by inserting therein the Name of any Person claiming and entitled to have his Name therein as Owner or Occupier, or by inserting therein the Name of any Person who ought to have been rated, or by striking out the Name of any Person who ought not to have been rated, or by raising or reducing the Sum at which any Person has been rated, if it appear to them that such Person has been under-rated or over-rated, or by making such other Amendments therein as will make such Rate conformable tb this and the special Act, and no such Amendment shall be held to avoid the Rate: Provided always, that every Person aggrieved by any such Alteration shall have the same Right of therefrom as he would have had if his Name had been Dd 3 originally

417

prepared before making a Rate.

Notice of Rate to be given.

Form of Rate.

Rate to be open to Inspection of Rate* payers, who may take Copies, &c.

IS ill I

Rates may be amended.

1 hi' k \;

IMULW

<1»

ifafei.

Value of Property to be ascertained according to Poor Rate.

If Poor Rate an unfair Criterion, a Valuation to be made.

6 & 7 W.4. c. 96*.

Person rp-pointed a Valuer to make a Declaration before acting.

Poor'Rates to be open to Inspection by Commissioners.

Owner of Property unoccupied to be av sessed to the Sewer Rate.

Cap. 84» Tamu Jmprtwtwm* CUmmi lOfcllYto *

originally inserted in such Rate/ and no ouch Ahefetkt hi been made; and as respects such Person the Rates shall beo* sidered to have been made at the Time when he received Noth of such Alteration; and every Person whose Rates are akerd shall be entitled to Seven Days Notice of such Alteration beCni the Rate shall be payable by him.

CLXXV. The annual Value of all Property rateable mia this or the special Act shall be ascertained according to tkeiezl preceding Assessment for the Relief of the Poor within tk Limits of the special Act, except in such Cases as are hank after mentioned.

CLXXVI. Provided alway^ That if at any Time the Bib for the Relief of the Poor within the Limits of the special As be in the Judgment of the Commissioners an unfair Criteria by which the said Rates should be made, they may ctoie i Valuation to be made of all the rateable Property within tk Limits of the special Act, or of any such separate Distnota aforesaid, by some competent Person appointed by them for tk Purpose, and the Rates made by the Commissioners for tk Purposes of this Act shall be made upon such Valuation; mi in every such Valuation the Property rateable shall be co» puted at its net annual Value, as defined by an Act madtii the Seventh Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to rtf* late Parochial Assessments, or any other Act for the Time bog in force for regulating Parochial Assessment.

CLXXVII. Before any such Valuation shall be mndetk Person appointed to make it shall make and subscribe a aokna Declaration to make such Valuation fairly and impartial!; according to the best of his Judgment, and an Entry or Mine shall be made in the Book of Proceedings of the Comminooen of the making and subscribing of such Declaration, and of tk Date thereof, and any Justice to whom Application is made far that Purpose shall administer such Declaration.

CLXXVIII. The Commissioners, or any Person by the authorized, may from Time to Time inspect any of the Bata for the Relief of the Poor in any Parish, Township, or otto District within the Limits of the special Act, and the Boobs which are contained all the Assessments by which the sane are made, and may take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom rape-tively; and any Person having the Custody of such Rato or Assessments who does not suffer the Commissioners, or anr Person authorized by them, to inspect the same at resemble Times, or to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for evoy to Offence.

CLXXIX. When any Property in respect of which tk Occupier would be liable to be rated to any Sewer Rate mto under the Provisions of this or the special Act is unoccupied ft the Time of making such Rate, the Commissioners shall nk and assess the Owner of such unoccupied Premise* to tmcbfiifc and every such Owner shall pay the Ament of seek Bate.

1847.

IWm Impnvtwunt Gaum.

Gap .;

til

Provided always, that so thing herein contained shall affect the Right herein reserved to recover any Arrears of such Rates from my future Occupier of such Premises.

CLXXX. When any Property in respect of which any Per- Unowupltd on is liable to be assessed as Occupier to any Bate under the *" *

Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated -J

herewith, other than the Sewer Bate, is unoccupied at the Time the Premise *

f making any such Bate, the Commissioners shall in every snoh *re *^*jw*rd* Uase include such Property in the said Bate, describing it in Rwumofiutee he Column appropriated to the Name of the Occupier as being to be paid.

empty;" and if any Person afterwards occupy such Property luring any Part of the Period for which such Bate was made, he Commissioners shall insert in such Bate die Name of such Occupier, and collect from such Occupier or from the Owner, if te be liable to pay the same, a Portion of the said Bate proportioned to the Time during which such Person occupies such Property, and every such Person shall thereupon be deemed to ill Intents and Purposes to be properly rated; and all such Rates may be collected and recovered from the Person liable to my the same under the Provisions of this or the special Act n the same Manner as other Bates made payable thereunder:

Provided always, that any Person whose Name is so inserted n such Bate, and such Owner as last aforesaid, may appeal igainst such Bate to the Justices at Special Sessions, or to the lext Quarter Sessions holden after such Insertion of his Name is aforesaid admitting of such Appeal, in the same Manner at le might have appealed if named in the Bate: Provided also, hat, except as aforesaid, no Bate other than the Sewer Bate hall be payable by any Person in respect of unoccupied Premises.

CLXXXI. The Owners of all rateable Property, of which 0*m«r* of he full net annual Value does not exceed the prescribed Sum,:

>r (where no Sum is prescribed) the Sum of Ten Pounds, or m Aon. top»y vhich are let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or in separate R«fe»ind Apartments, shall be rated to and pay the Rates by this or the of special Act directed to be made, instead of the Occupiers hereof.

CLXXXII. Whenever the Name of any Owner liable to Not necemry ie rated under the Provisions of this or the special Act is not MnM the cnown to the Commissioners, or to the Person making the ^JJown?* Elates, it shall be sufficient to rate such Owner in the Bate Book of the Commissioners as the Owner of the Property to be " - ' *

ated by the Designation of the Owner," without stating his '

Name.

CLXXXIII. Provided always, That when any Owner is Tenant* and* -ated in respect of any rateable Property in the Occupation of *i*tioK Lc*"* my Tenant under any Lease or Agreement made prior to the owner* massing of the special Act, such Tenant shall repay to the Owner ill Stuns paid by him during the Continuance of such Lease on iccount of any. Bates under this or the special Act payable by he Occupier, unices it have been agreed that the Owner shall say all Bates |n respect of each .Property; and every Sum so

43ft Cep* 34# Tmns Iwkpraoemmt Ckm*& 10 & 11 Yet

Rai^ payable by the Tenant to the Owner may be recovered, if not — paid upon Demand, as Arrears of Bent could be recovered fm the Occupier by the said Owner *

CLXXXIV. Provided also, That the Occupieraof anynte» bin^y»- T able Property, being Tenants thereof from Year to Year, hot demand to be assessed for the same, and to pay the Baton respect thereof made under the Authority of this or the wptdi Act, and the Commissioners shall assess every such Occupier «> long as he duly pays the said Bates.

Appeal And with respect to the Appeal to be made against any Bate, — t)e it enacted as follows:

«- CLXXXV. If any Person think himself aggrieved by ary to'Stty ground of Inequality, Unfairness, or Incorrectne* Sessions on the in the Valuation of any rateable Property included therm, «r ground of ink ja the Amount assessed thereon, he may at any Time mate Month after such Bate is made appeal to the Justices n any Special Sessions holden for the Division within which il* rateable Property is situated for the Purpose of considering Appeals against the Poor Rates, or in Ireland may appeal a the Justices of the Petty Sessions of the District, or to the Justices acting for the District within which the rateable Property is situated j but no such Appeal shall be entertained by sod Justices unless Seven Days Notice in Writing of such Apped be given by the aggrieved Party to the Commissioners; aid a tho Sessions for which such Notice is given, or any Adjourn meat thereof, the Justices there present shall hear and deternioi all Directions to any such Bate on the ground of Ineqsaiky, Unfairness, or Incorrectness in the Valuation of any Property included therein, or in the Amount assessed thereon, of wind Tb«ir Dtdaiou Notice has been so given, but no other Objection; and their Decision shall be final, unless the Party impugning such Deo-ftomkoQmftet «ion# within Fourteen Days after the same is made, give Notire Stpiooi> in Writing to the other Party of his Intention to appeal sgainrt such Decision, stating in such Notice the Nature and Groozdi of such Appeal, and within Five Days after {giving such Nodes enter into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Pace, with sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at tb then next Quarter Sessions at which the same can be tried, vd to abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Court at such Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof. Farttemar

CLXXXVI. If any Person think himself aggrieved by any Bate made under the Authority of this or the special Act, or SSsi^dnsta hyuuy Matters included in or omitted from the same, ha say* JUto tX uny Time within One Month after the same is made,

Notice of his Intention to appeal to the next Quarter Seams holden not less than Fourteen Days after such Notice; bntsi such Appeal shall be entertained at such Quarter Session* ante Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, stalk* tb Nature and Grounds thereof, be given by the aggrieved Party ta the Commissioners: Provided always, that no such Nadoa of Appeal shall prevent the issuing of the Wama^of^i|teiui ', ' 1; > ' *\>* ..... fa

18&K t <r *'* Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34. 421

for Becoverjr of any such Kate as herein-after provided, or the Appeal

Execution: thereof.

CLXXXVII. The Court shall hear and determine the Ap- Quarter Ses-peal in a summary Way at the Quarter Sessions for which any ^on9J£ such Notice of Appeal is given, or at the following Sessions, Decision shall when the Court thinks lit to adjourn the Appeal to the follow- be final, ing Sessions, and the Decision of the Court shall be final and conclusive on all Parties.

CLXXXVIII. Ko Order of the said Justices shall be of No Order of any Force pending any Appeal touching the same Subject Matter to the Court of Quarter Sessions having Jurisdiction to try such Appeal. Appeal, or in opposition to the Order of any such Court on such Appeal.

CLXXXIX. The said Justices and the Court of Quarter °n Appeal, the Sessions respectively shall in any Mich Appeal as aforesaid have QuarUr s*-

sessions and Petty

the same Jrowera ot amending or cpiashing the Kate in respect Sessions to have of which the Appeal is made as are by Law vested in Courts "uie Power of of Quarter Sessions for amending or quashing the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within their Jurisdiction upon Appeals andofawarding against such Hates, and shall likewise have respectively, in any Costs, as in Appeal against any Kate made under the Authority of this or pppc^2*11* the speciaL Act, the same Powers of awarding Costs to be paid by.or to- any of the Parties to the Appeal, and of recovering suck Costs, as are now vested in them respectively for awarding and recovering Costf in an Appeal against any Rate for the Belief of the Poor within their Jurisdiction: Provided always, that if the said Justices or Court shall quash the Rate in respect of.which the Appeal is made, then, notwithstanding the quashing of such Bate, 'all Sums of Money charged by such Kate on any Person charged by such Kate may, if the Justices or Court so order, be levied by such Means and in the same Manner as if no Appeal had been made against such Kate; and the Money which any Person charged on such Rate pays, or which is recovered from him, shall he taken as a Payment on account of the next effective Bate made on him for the same Purposes for which the Bate so quashed was made.

CXC* No Order of the said Justices or Court of Quarter Order of Jus-Sesaona upon any such Appeal as aforesaid shall be removed by bc

Certiorari or otherwise into any of Her Majesty's Courts of Certiorari* Record at Westminster.

And with respect to the Recovery of Rates, be it enacted as Recover? of follows: Raiti '

CXCL If any Person rated under the Authority of this or rute*tobc the special Act fail to pay any of the said Rates due from him by:

for. the Space of Fourteen Days after Demand thereof in 1S rcs*" Writing by the Commissioners or their Collector, any Justice, oil the Application of the Commissioners or their Collector, may summonsuch Person to appear before him at a Time to be men-tioaed in the Summons to show Cause why the Rates due from him abopld'^ and in case no sufficient Cause for

* >f such Rate be shown, the same shall be jvi. ' levied

422

Cap. 34.

Towns Improvement Clautet. 10 & 11

Recovtrg

Bata,

Form of Warrant of Distress.

Constables to assist in making Distress.

Rate Books to be Evidence.

Remedy against Persons quitting before Payment of Rates.

Rates to be apportioned on Holder quitting.

levied by Distress, and such Justice shall isittt his Warrant

accordingly, or the Commissioners may recover the eame by Action of Debt; provided that if no sufficient Distress whereoa to levy the Amount due in respect of such Rates can be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Justice, then, upon Oath thereof made before any Justice of any other County or Jurisdiction in which any Goods or Chattels of the Person not paying the said Rates may be found, such Justice shall certify the said Oath by endorsing the said Warrant, and thereupon the Amount due in respect of the said Rates, and unpaid by the said Person, may be levied by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of such Person as assessed in the lasUinentioned County or Jurisdiction.

CXCII. The Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of any Rate made payable by this or the special Act may be in the Form or to the Effect mentioned in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and in all .Cases where a Distress is hereby author rized to be made, every Constable authorized by the Warrant to levy any Sum mentioned therein shall, upon being required by a Collector of the Rates, aid in making a Distress or Sals pursuant to such Warrant; and every Constable who refuses to do so shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Founds

CXCIII. In any Proceeding to levy and recover or coast' quent on the levying or recovering of any Rate under the Provisions of this or the special Act, the Books of Rates of the Commissioners, and all Entries made therein in manner by this or the special Act directed, by the Production thereof alone, and without any Evidence that the Notices and other Require* ments of this or the special Act have been given or complied with, or Proof of the Seal of the Commissioners if they ess incorporated, or if not, then on Proof of the Signatures of the Commissioners whose Names appear thereon or subscribed therein, shall be received as Evidence of such Rate and of the Contents thereof.

CXCIV. If any Person quit or be about to quit any rateable Property before he has paid the Rates then payable by him in respect thereof, and do not pay the same to the Commissioners or their Collector on Demand, any Justice having Jurisdiction where such Person resides, or his Goods are found, may summon such Person to appear before him at a Time mentioned in the Summons to show Cause why the Rates should not be paid, and if no sufficient Cause for the Nonpayment of such Rates be shown accordingly the same shall be levied by Distress, and such Justice shall issue his Warrant accordingly.

CXCV. When any Rate has been made for a particular Period, and the Owner or Occupier who is rated to such Rita ceases to be the Owner or Occupier of the Property in respect whereof he is rated before the End of such Period, such Owner or Occupier shall be liable to pay a Portion only of the Rate payable for the whole of such Period proportionate to the Time during which he continued to be Owner or Occupier; eqd in every such Case if any Person after the making of such Rate

become

t*47; :jFmmii Jmjnmtmnf OsmH itt

Moome the Owner or Occupier of anj Property ea rated as iforsaaid during Part of the Period for which such Rate vn, nade, such Person shall pay a Portion of such Rate proper- . r:uli ioned to the Time during which he held or occupied the Property so rated, and the same shall be recovered from him n the same Manner as if he had been origiinlly rated for such Property,

CXC VL When the Owner of any rateable Property is rated Hate* duo from n reepeot thereof under the Authority of this or the special let, and the Rate remains unpaid for Three Months, the Com?- Occupier, aissioners or their Collector may demand the Amount of such late from the Occupier for the Time being of such rateable >roperty, and on Nonpayment thereof may recover the same y Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels in like Manner s Rates may be recovered from the Occupier of any Property, iable to be rated; and every such Occupier shall be entitled o deduct from the Rent payable by him to such Owner so such as was so paid by or recovered from him.

CXCVII. Provided always, That no such Occupier shall Occupier not to e required to pay, nor shall his Goods and Chattels be dis- requirdh^ rained for, any further Sum than the Amount of Rent due Se AiSoutJuf roin him at the Time of the Demand made upon him for snoh Rent awing by Amount of Rate, or which after such Demand, and after Notice W *

iot to pay the same to his Landlord, at any Time accrues and becomes payable by him, unless he refuse, on Application being aade to him for that Purpose by or on behalf of the Commissioners, truly to disclose the Amount of his Rent, and the fame and Address of the Person to whom such Bent is payable; but the Burden of Proof that the Sum demanded freon ay such Occupier is greater than the Rent due by him ait he Time of such Notice, or which has since accrued, shall lie ipon such Occupier.

CXCVIII. If, on the Request of the Commissioners, or of Occupier t*. he Collector of the said Rates, the Occupier of any Property efuses or wilfully omits to disclose, or wilfully mis-states to olnSer liable he Commissioners or Collector making such Request, the to a Fmmky. r fame of the Owner of such Property, or of the Person eceiving or authorized to receive the Rents of the same, any Justice of the Peace, on Oath made before him of such Re-luest, and of such Refusal or wilful Omission or Mis-statement, nay summon the Person who has so refused or wilfully omitted r mis-stated as aforesaid to appear at a Time and Place to be aentioned in such Summons before such Justice, or before ... ome other Justice; and if the Person so summoned neglect

n refuse to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in the nrmmons, or if he attend and do not show good Cause to the Fustioe then present for such his Refusal or wilftil Omission t Mis-statement, such Justice, upon Proof, in case of the Neglect or Refusal to attend as aforesaid, of the due Service of he said Summons, or on such Attendance, may impose a ^eooHy upon such Person who has sa raftned^ or wilfully . ) made

- O r

Hr cor try of Rater.

Surveyors of

Highways mar proceed for the Recovery of .Arrears of Highway Rates.

Cap. 34.

Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 VlW#

made such Omission or Mis-statement, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

CXCIX. The several Persons who at the Time of the passing of the special Act are Surveyors of Highways for any Township, or other District within the Limits of the special Act, may proceed for the Recovery of any Highway Rate made in such Township or District, and then remaining unpaid, in the same Manner as they might have done if this and the special Act had not been passed, and they shall apply the Money which they so recover, in the first place, in reimbursing themselves any Expences which they have incurred as such Surveyors as aforesaid, and in discharge of any Debts legally owing from them in respect of the Highways within such Township or District; and the Surplus, if any, arising fr6m any Buildings or Lands within the Limits of the special Act, or a proportionate Part thereof, shall be paid by them to the Treasurer to the Commissioners, and shall be applied to the same Purposes as the Rates by this or the special Act authorized to be levied are directed to be applied.

Bye Lam. Bye Laws.

Bye Laws may be enforced by Imposition of Penalties.

Bye Laws to be confirmed.

And with respect to the Bye Laws to be made by virtue <rf this or the special Act, be it enacted as follows:

CC. The Commissioners may from Time to Time make such Bye Laws as they think fit for the several Purposes for which they are herein-before or by the special Act empowered to make Bye Laws, and from Time to Time repeal, alter, or amend any such Bye Laws, provided such Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom where the same are to have effect, or the Provisions of this or* the special Act, and be reduced into Writing, and have affixed thereto the Common Seal of the Commissioners if they be a Body Corporate, or the Signatures of Two of the Commissioners if they be not a Body Corporate, and, if affecting other Persons than the Officers or Servants of the Company, be confirmed and published as herein provided.

CCI. The Commissioners, by the Bye Laws so to be made by them, may impose such reasonable Penalties as they think fit, not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Breach of such Bye Laws: Provided always, that such Bye Laws be so framed as to allow the Justices before whom any Penalty imposed thereby is sought to be recovered to order the whole or Part only of such Penalty to be paid, or to remit the whole Penalty.

CCII. No Bye Law made by the Commissioners under the Authority of this or the special Act, except such as relate solely to the Commissioners or their Officers or Servants, shall oome into operation until the same be confirmed in the prescribed Manner, and if no Manner of Confirmation be prescribed, then not until it be allowed by some Judge of one of the Superior Courts, or by the Justices in Quarter Sessions; and it shall -be incumbent on such Justices, on the Request of the Commissioners, to inquire into any Bye Law s tendered to them for that Purpose,

L.

Town* Improvement Clauses.

Cap. 34.

425

Bye Law *

Notice of Confirmation to be given.

A Copy of proposed Bye Law* to be open to Inspection.

Publication of Bye Laws,

Purpose, and to allow or disallow of the same as they think meet.

CCIII. No such Bye Laws shall be confirmed unless Notice of the Intention to apply for a Confirmation of the same have been given in One or more Newspapers circulating within the Limits of the special Act One Month at least before the hearing of such Application; and any Person desiring to object to any such Bye Law, on giving to the Commissioners Notice of the Nature of his Objection Ten Days before the hearing of the Application for the Allowance thereof, may, by himself or his Counsel, Attorney, or Agent, be heard thereon, but not so as to allow more than One objecting Party to be heard on the same Matter of Objection.

CCIV. For One Month at least previous to any such Application for Confirmation of any Bye Law a Copy of the proposed Bye Laws shall be kept at the principal Office of the Commissioners, and all Persons may at all reasonable Times inspect such Copy without Fee or Reward; and the Commissioners shall furnish every Person who applies for the same with a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, on Payment of Sixpence for ©rery One hundred Words so to be copied.

CCV. Such Bye Laws, when confirmed, shall be published in the prescribed Manner, and when no Manner of Publication is prescribed they shall be printed, and the Clerk to the Commissioners shall deliver a printed Copy thereof to every Person applying for the same without Charge; and a Copy thereof shall be punted or placed on Boards, which shall be luing up on the Front or in some conspicuous Part of the principal Office of the Commissioners, and also on some conspicuous Part of the Works or Locality to which the same relate; and such Boards, with the Bye Laws thereon, shall be from Time to Time renewed as Occasion requires, and shall be open to Inspection without Fee or Reward; and any such Clerk who does not allow the same to be inspected at all reasonable Times shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CCVI. Such Bye Laws, wjicn so confirmed and published, Bye Laws to be shall be binding upon and be observed by all Parties, and shall oa

be sufficient to justify all Parties acting under the same.

CCVII. The Production of a written or printed Copy of Evidence of the Bye Laws requiring Confirmation by a Judge of the Supe- Bye Laws* rior Courts or the Court of Quarter Sessions, authenticated by the Signature of the Judge or of the Chairman of the Court Which approved of the same, and a written or printed Copy of the Bye Laws not requiring such Confirmation authenticated by the Common Seal of the Commissioners, if they be incorporated, Or, if not incorporated, authenticated hv the Signatures of Two Commissioners, shall be Evidence of the Existence aind of the due making of such Bye Laws in all Prosecutions under the same, without adducing Proof of the Signature of

1' rt ' such

*c.yr;

42a

By Law$.

Penalty on pulling down Boards.

Tender of Amends.

Cap. 34. Towns Improvement Clauses. 10 & 11 Vttti

such Judge or Chairman, or the Common Seal dr Signature!

of the Commissioners; and with respect to the Proof of the Publication thereof it shall be sufficient to prove that a Board containing a Copy thereof was affixed and continued in the Manner by this Act directed, and in case of its being after* wards displaced or damaged, that such Board was replaced or restored as soon as conveniently might be, unless Proof be adduced by the Party complained against that such painted Board did not contain a Copy of the Bye Law under which he is prosecuted, or that it was not duly affixed or continued as required by this Act.

CCVIII. Any Person who destroys, pulls down, injures, or defaces any Board on the Premises of the Commissioners ott which any Bye Law of the Commissioners is painted or plated shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

CCIX. And with respect to the Tender of Amends, be it enacted, That if any Party have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if before' Action brought in respect thereof such Party make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made it shall be lawful for the Defendant by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants arc allowed to pfcy Money into Court.

Recovery of And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially Dapem!uicsd Provided for> and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any _______ ' other Matter referred to Justices, be it enacted as follows:

Clauses of CCX. The Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation

L&to Recover0 *^45, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not of DamagesaJd specially provided for, and Penalties, and to the Determination Penalties incur- of any other Matter referred to Justices, shall be incorporated in this and the special Act; and such Clauses shall apply to the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act, and to the Commissioners, and shall be construed as if the Word " Commissioners" had been inserted therein instead of the Word

poratea with this and special Act, Ac.

In Ireland Part of Penalties to be paid to Guardians of Unions.

" Company."

CCXI. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case of any Penalty imposed by Justices, where the Application is not otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more than One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within

which the Offence was committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Union.

CCXII. All

tM7/ Tnmt Improvement Clmu#$. 8tp< 8&

CCXII. All Things herein or in the special Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, authorized or required to be done ly Two Justices, may and shall be done by any One Magistrate laving by Law. Authority to act alone for any Purpose with; he Powers of Two or more Justices,

CCXIII. Every Person who, upon any Examination upon 3ath under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act ncorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Svidence, shall be liable to the penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

And with respect to affording Access to the special Act, be it pacted as follows:

CCXIV. The Commissioners shall at all Times, after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of the special Act, #ep ia their principal Office of Business a Copy of the special lot, printed by the Printers to Her Majesty, or sortie of them, nd snail also within the Space of such Six Months deposit in he Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the Down or District within the Limits of the special Act is ituated a Copy of such special Act, so printed as aforesaid; nd the said Clerk of the Peace shall receive, and he and the Commissioners respectively shall retain, the said Copies of the pecial Act, and snail permit all Persons interested to inspect he same* and make Extracts or Copies therefrom, in the like rlanner and hpon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty or Default, as is provided in the Case of certain Plans and >ections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of ler present Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the °eace for Counties and other Persons to take the Cutstody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under he Standing Orders of either House of Parliament

CCXV. If the Commissioners shall fail to keep or deposit, s herein-before mentioned, any of the said Copies of the special Let, they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, nd also Five Pounds for every Day afterwards durixig which uch Copy is not so kept or deposited.

CCXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended r repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Par-ament.

m

All Things tt-

2uired to be one by Two Justices may, in certain Cases, be done by One.

Persons giving false Evidence liable to Penalties of Perjury.

Aeuis to pedal Aft.

Copies of special Act to be kept by Commissioners at their Office, and deposited with the Clerks of the Peace, &c.t and be open to Inspection.

7W.4.4 1 Vict. c. 83.

Penalty on Commissioners failing to keep or deposit such Copies.

Act may be amended, &c.

428

Cap. S4.

Towns Improvement Clauses.

10 & li Tier;

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act

SCHEDULE (A.) — Sect. 172.

Form of.

An Assessment to the Sewer Iiate [or other Hate, &c., us the Case may be,] for the [name the District or Town], mode this Day of in the Year of our

Lord 18, after the Rate of pence in the Pound,

by virtue of the [name special A].

T Name of Person rated. Name of the Owner of Property rated. Description and Situation of Property. Gross annual Value. Full net annual Value. Rate at A in the Pound. Amount of. Drainage Rate

1

Signed by us, this Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B-1 C.D.

E.F. I__________ Improvement

G. II. | Commissioners.

I.K.

L.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Sect. 192.

Form of Warrant of Distress for the Recovery of a Rate.

County of

[or Borough, §*c.] to wit.

Whereas Complaint hath been duly made by One of the Collectors of Rates to the Improvement Commissioners, that of, lyc., hath not paid and has

refused to pay the Sum of duly assessed upon him

in and by a certain Rate for the said Town [or District] called the [here name the Bate'], bearing Date on or about the Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and, and duly made according to the

Directions and for the Purposes of \Jiere name the special Ad\, although the same hath been duly demanded of him: And whereas it appears to me One of Her Majesty's

Justices

1B4T., Towns Improvement Clauses. Cap. 34, 35. 490

Justices of the Peace in and for the said County [or Borough, bs well upon the Oath of One of the said Collectors of Rates, as otherwise, that the said Sum of hath been duly demanded in Writing by him

from the said and that the said

hath refused to pay the same for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Demand made, and doth refuse to pay the same: And whereas the said having appeared before me, in,

pursuance of my Summons for that Purpose, hath not shown to me any sufficient Cause why the same should not be paid for And whereas it hath been duly proved to me upon Oath that the said hath been duly summoned to appear

before me to show Cause why he refuseth to pay the said Rate or Assessment, but he the said hath neglected to appear according to the said Summons, and hath not shown to me any sufficient Cause why the same should not be paid]:

These are therefore, in Her Majesty's Name, to command you to levy the said Sum of by Distress of the

Goods and Chattels of the said; and if the same

shall not be paid within the Space of Days next

after such Distress by you taken, together with the reasonable Charges of taking and keeping the same, that then you do sell the said Goods and Chattels by you distrained, and out of the Money arising by such Sale that you do detain the Sum of and also your reasonable Charges of taking,

keeping, and selling the said Distress, rendering to him the said the Overplus, on Demand; and if sufficient

Distress cannot be found of the Goods and Chattels of the said whereon to levy the said Sum of that then you certify the same to me, together with this Warrant, to the end that such further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the I ear of

our Lord 18

J.P. (L.S.)

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

[21st June 1847.]

WHEREAS certain Acts for making, amending, and ' repairing the Turnpike Roads in Ireland were, by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth

and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, ' amended and continued for a Time therein limited: And whereas, under the Provisions of Acts passed respectively in

the Sessions of Parliament holden in the Fifth, and in the f Fifth and Sixth, and in the Sixth and Seventh, and in the

Acts for making, &c. Turnpike Roads in Ireland which will expire on 31st July 1847, Ac., further continued.

Act may be

amended, &c.

Cap. 35, 36. Turnpike Roads (Ireland). 10 & 11 VICL

4 Seventh and Eighth, and in the Eighth and Ninth Yean of Her Majesty's Reign, the said Acts, except as therein mentioned, were further continued for a Time therein limited:

And whereas, under the Provisions of an Act of the list Session of Parliament, the said Acts are further continued, and will remain in force until the Thirty-first Day of My m 4 the present Year, or, if Parliament be then sitting, until tie End of the then Session of Parliament: And whereas it i? 4 expedient that the several Acts for making, amending, cr repairing Turnpike Roads in Ireland should be further cobtinued:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's meet Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tk Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this preset Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tb* any Act for making, amending, or repairing any Tumpb Road or Roads in Ireland which will expire on the said Thirty-first Day of July in the present Year, or at or before the Ek of the present or next ensuing Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby continued as amended by the aid recited Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her Majesty* Reign, until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eigfc hundred and forty-eight, or, if Parliament be then sitting, uad the End of the then Session of Parliament

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended cr repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for allowing the Subscriptions to the Loan of Eight Millions raised in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to be paid up under Discount.

[21st June 1847.]

WHEREAS the Sum of Eight million Pounds hath bees subscribed in the present Year for a Loan to that Amount towards meeting the Exigencies of the Public Service, and the Contributors thereto have undertaken to pij the same by Instalments at certain Times; (that is to say a Deposit of Twelve Pounds per Centum on the respective Sums subscribed by them towards the said Sum of Eight Millions, and the Remainders of the Sums by them respectively subscribed thereto on the Days and in the Proportions following; (that is to say,) Twelve Pounds per Centum on before the Ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the further Sum of Twelve Pounds per Cet turn on or before the Seventh Day of May then next following, the further Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centum on or before the Eleventh Day of June then next following, the furtte Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centum on or before the Ninth Day of July then next following, the further Sum of Twelve Pounds, per Centum on or before the Sixth Day of Ampi

tta

1847 *

Loan Discount.

431

Cap. 36;

then next following, the farther Sum of Twelve Pounds per Centitm on or before the Third Day of September then next ' following, and the remaining Sum of Sixteen Pounds per Centurn on or before the Fifteenth Day of October then next ' following, on the Terms of the Subscribers receiving the

Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds Consolidated Three per Centum Annuities for every Sum of Eighty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings contributed by them; and it would tend to promote the public Interest if the Contributors to the said

Loan would pay up the Sums by them respectively agreed to be paid on the said Eleventh Day of June, or on any of the above-mentioned Days subsequent thereto, before the Periods so fixed as aforesaid for Payment thereof, and it is desirable to offer them an Inducement to do so Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Contributor or Contributors Contributors to to the said Sum of Eight Millions, his, her, or their Executors, to

Administrators, and Assigns, who shall at any Time hereafter, be allowed ° on or before the Tenth Day of September One thousand eight Interest on In-hundred and forty-seven, make Payment of any Instalment *n

respect of the said Loan not actually due at the Time of such iothrsept°1847.

Payment, shall be allowed an Interest by way of Discount on the Sums paid by them respectively at and after the Rates herein-after mentioned, to be computed from the Days on which such Payments respectively shall be made to the Days on which such Instalments would be due in pursuance of any Contract entered into for the said Loan; (that is to say,) on such Payments as shall be made on or before the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven an Interest at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and on such Payments as shall be made after the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and

: >n or before the Tenth Pay of September One thousand eight

mndred and forty-seven, an Interest at and after the Bate of

Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and such Interest shall be

illowed or paid by the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and

Company of the Bank of England out of the Money to be

jontributed to the said Loan as soon as such respective Con-

ributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall

mve made such Payments; and every such Contributor, his

Rxecutors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be entitled, on

naking every such Payment as aforesaid, to have the Amount

>f Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities to which he would

>e entitled in respect of any Instalments so paid in anticipation

is aforesaid forthwith placed in the Books of the Bank of

England to the Credit of such Contributor, his Executors,

Administrators, and Assigns.

II. And be it enacted, That as to so much of the Three per Warrants to be lentum Consolidated Annuities as shall in respect of the said gMU^dcf°*t -oan have been or shall be placed to the Credit of any Person c^oi^to

E e 2 or the Credit of

432

Parties on or before 2d July for Dividends due 5th July 1847.

After passing of this Act the Period for Enlistment for a Soldier limited.

Repealing certain Questions in Schedule to 10 & 11 Vict. c. 12., and substituting those contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed.

Soldiers, at any Time during the last Six Months, or on Completion of

Cap. 36, 37. Loan Discount — Army Service. 10 & 11 Vict.

or Persons in the Books of the Bank of England at any Time on or before the Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the first half-yearly Dividend shall be paid on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Persons in whose Names the same shall be then standing in the Books of the Bank of England; and as to all the Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities which shall in respect of the said Loan be placed in the Name of any Person or Persons after the said Second Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, it shall be lawful for the said (Governor and Company to issue to the Persons in whose Names the same shall be placed, and at the Time when the same shall be so placed, Warrants payable on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight for the Amount on the Half Year's Dividend due in respect thereof up to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Army.

[21st June 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the System of Enlistment now in use in Her Majesty's Land Forces:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing of this Act no Person shall be enlisted to serve Her Majesty, or in the Forces of the East India Company, as a Soldier for a longer Term than Ten Years in the Infantry, or Twelve Years in the Cavalry, or Artillery, or other Ordnance Corps, to be reckoned from the Day on which the Recruit shall have been attested, if he shall have stated himself to be then of the Age of Eighteen Years, or if not, then from the Day on which he will complete the Age of Eighteen Years, to be reckoned according to the Age stated in lus Attestation.

II. And be it enacted, That such of the Questions relative to^Enlistment as are contained in the Schedule of an Act passed in the present Year of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, as relates to the enlisting and attesting of Soldiers, shall be repealed; and that in all Cases of Enlistment to serve Her Majesty or the East India Company the Question directed to be put on the Attestation of Recruits, as to their Willingness to serve, shall be in the Form contained in Schedule (A.) hereto annexed

III. And be it enacted, That any Soldier, at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service for which he shall have first engaged, or after the Completion of such Term, may, if approved by his Commanding Officer or other

433

1847.

Army Service. Cap. 37 *

competent Military Authority as a fit Person to continue in Term of limited Her Majesty's Sendee, or in the Service of the East India Company, as a Soldier, be re-engaged to serve for the further re"CngaS*<L Term of Eleven Years in the Infantry, and Twelve Years in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, upon making . a Declaration in the Form given in the Schedule marked (B.) and annexed to this Act before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or, if not in Great Britain or Ireland, before any Person duly appointed by Her Majesty, by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that Behalf, to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into Her Majesty's Service.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Soldier who Soldiers ordered

shall be ordered on Foreign Service, and who is within Three Foreign Years of the Expiration of his first Engagement, shall be at ThVe^ears of liberty, with the Approbation of his Commanding Officer, to Expiration of re-engage, before he embarks for such Foreign Service, for such fir#t Period as shall complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in for the Infantry or Twenty-four Years in the Cavalry or Artillery, a further Term, according to the Form given in Schedule (B.) and annexed to this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either the Terms of first or second Term of limited Service for which any Soldier ^dw^lces shall have so engaged shall expire while he is serving on any Soldiers are on Foreign Station, the said first or second Term of limited Ser- any Foreign vice may be prolonged for such further Time, not exceeding ^yb* pn>^ Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer longed for a on such Foreign Station; and that any Soldier who shall give further Tune. Notice to his Commanding Officer, after completing his second

Term of limited Service, that he is desirous of continuing in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the East India Company, and being approved by his Commanding Officer or other competent Military Authority, may be continued in such Service as a Soldier so long as he shall desire to be so continued, and until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after he shall have given Notice to his Commanding Officer of his Wish to be discharged, and for that Purpose shall be considered in all respects, during such Time, as if his Term of Service were still unexpired.

VI. Provided further, and be it enacted, That if at the Expi- If at the Exration of such first or second Term of limited Service, or of such

Term of prolonged Service, any Soldier entitled to his Dis- vice^ldiers " charge, being on any Foreign Station, shall not be willing to are unwilling re-engage or to continue in Her Majesty's Service, or in the ^re-engage Service of the East India Company, the Commanding Officer shall be'con- of the Regiment in which he may be serving shall, as in the veyed home. Case of Soldiers invalided, take the usual Measures, with all convenient Despatch, for the Conveyance of such Soldier to England, and on the Arrival of such Soldier in England he shall be finally discharged: Provided always, that during such Time as may elapse between the Expiration of such Terms of

I

434

Cap. 37.

Army Service.

10 & ii Via* .:

in the Colony, Governor, &c. may permit them so to do.

Service as aforesaid and his final Discharge in England such Soldier shall remain subject to all the Provisions of any Act which may be then in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as fully as he may have been subject thereto before the if Soidu rs Expiration of such Terms of Service: Provided also, that if at desire to remain the Expiration of any such first or second Term of limited Service, or of such Term of prolonged Service, any Soldier being in any of Her Majesty's Colonies shall claim his Discharge, and shall signify to the Governor of such Colony, through the Commanding Officer of the Regiment in which he may be serving, his Desire to remain in such Colony, it shall be lawful for such Governor, if he shall think fit, with the Consent of such Commanding Officer, to permit such Soldier to remain therein, and thereupon such Soldier shall be finally discharged, and shall not be entitled to claim to be conveyed to England at the public Charge at any future Period, if Term of

VII. And be it enacted, That if the Term for which any

Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have been enlisted after any Offence or re-engaged, or for which his Term of* Service may have been committed, &c., prolonged as aforesaid, shall expire after any Offence committed (lecMne! to be an(l before he has been tried or punished for the same,

in the Service Such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall, notwithstanding till after Trial, the Expiration of his Term of Service, be deemed and taken to &c. for the same. g^ill in Her Majesty's Service, or in the Sendee of the East India Company, as the Case may be, for the Purpose of undergoing his Trial and Punishment, but for no other Purpose: Provided always, that no Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall be so tried after the Expiration of his Service, except by a General or District or Garrison Court-martial.

If Soldier* arc

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Non-commissioned absent from Officer or Soldier shall have been absent from his Duty during of U]mpnsimi-0n an7 Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Reengagement, or Prolongation of Service by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of Service may have been prolonged as aforesaid; and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service by reason of his having been made a Prisoner of War, the Circumstances under which he was so made a Prisoner shall, on his rejoining Iler Majesty's Service, or the Service of the East India. Company, be subjected to Inquiry by a Court-martial, and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that he was taken Prisoner through his own wilful Neglect of his Duty, or that he has or has not returned to his Duty so soon as he could and ought to have returned, the Court may by its Sentence direct that all or any Part of the Time during which such

Non-

ment, &c., such Portion of Time not to be reckoned as Part of limited Enlistment.

435

Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier shall have been so absent may be deducted from his Term of Service.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amen<Jed> &c

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Questions to be put by the Justice to a Recruit on

ENLISTING.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County, were you born ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are. you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of for the Term of [this Blank to

be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Aye of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Aye, then the Difference between his Aye and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years {as the Case may be)], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

9. At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day,

and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your

Enlistment ?

12. Do you n»)W belong to the Militia?

13. Do you belong to any other Regiment, or to the Marines,

Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company ?

14. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance,

or Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?

15. Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's

Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Aofe. — The Justice is directed, in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

10 & 11 Vict.

Army Service.

Enlisting for Service in Her Majesty's Colonies.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Colony of for the Term of [this Blank to

be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Aye of Eighteen Years or upwards; but. if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Tier lee Years (as the Case mag bc)-], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

Enlisting for either Her Majesty's or the East India Company's

Service.

Question 8. is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in Her Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according as Her Majesty shall think fit to order, for the Term of [this Blank to be filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Tied re Years (as the Case may bef]9 provided your Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

Enlisting for the East India Company s Service.

Question 8. to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the East India Company's* for the Term of [this Blank to be

filled up by the Justices with Ten Years for Infantry, and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may ftc)], provided the said Company should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station ?

The Blank to be filled up with the Words Infantry or Artillery, as the Case may be.

SCHEDULE (B.)

h Number do declare, That I am

at present [or was, as the Case may he], in Captain Company in the Regiment; that I enlisted

on the Day of for a Term of

Years; that I am of the Age of Years; and that I

will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, [or in the Forces of the East India Company, as the Case may hr,] for q further Term of Years [to he filled up with Eleven

Years in the Infantry, and Twelve in the ('aentry nr Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, and in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Infantry, or Twenty-four in the Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corpsd] provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me.

Signature of Soldier.

Signature of Witness.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in England and Wales.

[21st June 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made 1 " for promoting the Drainage of Lands in England and Wales:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Inclosure Commissioners for England and I Calcs shall be the Commissioners to carry this Act into execution, and that the Assistant Commissioners, Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and Officers who may be from Time to Time appointed under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons and Lands held in common, the Exchange of Lands and the Division of intermixed La/ids, to provide Remedies for defective or incomplete Executions, and for the Non-execution of the Powers of general and local Inclosure Acts, and to provide for the Revival of such Powers in certain Cases, shall assist in carrying this Act into execution, in like Manner as if the Matters and Proceedings by this Act directed or authorized were Matters and Proceedings directed or authorized by the said recited Act.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Powers by the said recited Act given to the Assistant Commissioners to require the

Attendance

Inclosure Commissioners to be the Commissioners to carry this Act into execution, and Officers, fire, appointed under 8 & 9 Vict. c. 118. to assist in the same.

Powers of recited Act to extend to this Act.

Commissioners to make Reports to Secretary of State, and to both Houses of Parliament.

Persons desirous of draining Land may memorialize Commissioners for Authority to effect the same under Provisions of this Act.

Map or Plan, Schedules, and Estimates to be annexed to Memorial.

Cap. 38. Drainage of Lands. 10 & 11 Vict.

Attendance of Witnesses, to administer or receive Qeclarations and examine Witnesses, and to cause to be produced before them Writings and Documents, and the Power given to the said Commissioners to delegate to the Assistant Commissioners, or to any One or more of them, the Powers given to such Commissioners, except the Power to do any Act required to be done under the Seal of the Commissioners, shall be applicable to and may be exercised for the Purposes of this Act as fully and effectually as if the Matters and Proceedings hereby authorized or directed to be done and taken by the Commissioners, or by any Assistant Commissioner, were Matters and Proceedings authorized or directed to be done and taken under the said recited Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time give to any one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State such Information respecting their Proceedings under this Act as such Principal Secretary of State shall require, and shall once in every Year send to one of the Principal Secretaries of State a general Report of such Proceedings, and every Year such general Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Six Weeks after the Receipt of the same by such Principal Secretary of State if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting then in Six Weeks after the next Meeting thereof.

IV. And be it enacted, That where any Land shall be capable of being drained or improved by Drainage or Warping, by means of Works to be executed on the same and other Lands, for obtaining or improving the Outfall or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any Persons interested in the Land so capable of being drained or improved, and who shall be desirous for that Purpose to execute all or any of the Works herein-after mentioned, and shall be unable to execute such Works by reason of the Objection or Disability of any Person whose Land would be entered upon, cut through, or interfered with by or for the Purpose of such Works, to apply by Memorial to the Commissioners, showing the Means by which such Land may be drained or such Improvement may be effected, and praying for Authority to effect such Drainage or Improvement under the Provisions of this Act; and to such Memorial shall be annexed a Map or Plan showing the Land to which such Application shall relate, and the Land and Property required to be entered upon, cut through, or interfered with for the Purposes of such Drainage or Improvement, or likely to be affected by the proposed Works, and also the Rivers, Watercourses, Ditches, and Drains intended to be cleared, scoured, deepened, or embanked, and the proposed Variations, Diversions, Abridgments, or Enlargements of the same, and the new Cuts, Embankments, Drains, Watercourses, and other Works proposed to be made, and the Engines and Machinery proposed to be erected for the Purposes of such Drainage or Improvement, and also Schedules showing the reputed Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands proposed to be drained and improved, and

459

Drainage of Landi. Cap. 38;

he Lands and Property required to be entered upon, out through, or interfered with respectively for the Purposes of such Drainage or Improvement, and also an Estimate of the Expence )f the proposed Works, Engines, and Machinery, including the probable Amount of Money payable as Purchase and Compensation Money in respect of the Land and Property required to ye entered upon, cut through, or interfered with, and also a Statement of the actual Condition of the Lands proposed to be Irained or improved, and of the probable increased value of the Land consequent upon the proposed Works; or in case it shall ippear to the Commissioners that a correct Judgment can be brmed on the proposed Means of Drainage or Improvement vithout a Map or Plan and Estimates, including the whole of he Land to which such Memorial shall relate, then a Map or Plan showing only the proposed Works, or such other Map or Plan as the Commissioners shall think necessary, and such Memorial, or some Schedule thereto, shall also show the Persons )y whom the Works are proposed to be executed; and the Persons by whom such Application shall be made shall, upon he Bequest of the Commissioners, furnish such further Details n respect of the said Map or Plan, Schedules, Estimates, and Statements, of any of them, as the Commissioners shall think it for their Guidance in the Matter of the Memorial; and the Memorial, &c. Persons by whom such Application shall be made shall cause 40 be deposited, Copies of the said Memorial, Map, or Plan, Schedules, Esti-nates, and Statements, or of such of them as shall have been nmished to the Commissioners under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, to be deposited in such convenient Place or Places as the Commissioners shall approve within or near the Parish or One of the Parishes in which the Land to which mch Application shall relate shall be situate, there to remain >pen for public Inspection for a Period of One Month; and; he Deposit of such Copies shall be certified to the Commissioners in such Manner as they shall require; and all Persons shall be at liberty to inspect and make Copies of or Extracts 'rom the said Memorial, Map, or Plan, Schedules, Estimates, ind Statement, or any of them, and Copies thereof or Extracts :hereffom shall be made by such Person as the Commissioners diall direct for any Person who shall require the same, on Payment of the Costs of making such Copies or Extracts.

V. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall require Notices to be the Persons making such Application as aforesaid to cause a Notice of such Memorial having been presented, and of the haTbeendepol Parishes in which Works are by such Memorial proposed to sited, be executed, and of the Places in which Copies of the said Memorial, Map, or Plan, Schedules, Estimates, and Statements, have been deposited as aforesaid, to be given by Advertisement Twice in One or more Newspapers circulated in the County in which such Works are proposed to be executed, md to cause a like Notice to be served on all Persons not Parties to the said Application whose Lands are proposed to be entered upon, cut through, or interfered with; and such

Service

440

10 & 11 VICT

Cap. 38. Drainage of Lands.

Service shall be either personally on the Lessee or Occupier of such Land, or by leaving such Notice at the usual or last known Place of Abode of such Lessee or Occupier, and also cause a like Notice to be served on the Proprietor or reputed Proprietor of such Land, or his Agent, either personally or by leaving the same at his usual or last known Place of Abode; Notices of oi>- and by such Notice all Parties interested or in any way affected

t r m b7 l)rol)nsC(l Works shall be required, on or before a Day

lsiwinnnn in to be therein named, not sooner than Six Weeks from such

Writing. Publication and Service as aforesaid of such Notice, to transmit

in Writing to the Commissioners all Objections which such Parties shall think fit to make with respect to any thing by the said Memorial proposed to be done under the Provisions of this Act.

Commissioners

VI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners may in may require every Case, before they shall proceed to act or inquire on or in

Payment of relation to any such Memorial as aforesaid, require such Pro-

Costs of In- vision or Security to be made or given as they shall think fit

quiries. for the Payment by the Parties making the Application of all

Costs incident to or to be occasioned by the Inquiries and Proceedings in relation thereto.

Commissioners

VII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which there to appoint an shall have been transmitted to the Commissioners Objections to mi'ssiimtT any thing by the said Memorial proposed to be done the Com-examino and mission ers shall appoint an Assistant Commissioner to inspect

hear Objections. t]lc lJlinds proposed to be drained or improved, and the Lands intended to be entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected by the Works in such Memorial mentioned; and the Commissioners shall, if they shall think necessary, call One or more public Meetings, of which Twenty-one Days Notice at the least shall he given to any Person who may have notified his Objection to the Commissioners, and by Advertisement in ()ne or more Newspapers circulated in the County in which such Works are proposed to be executed, of all Persons likely to be affected by any of the Works proposed to be executed for such Drainage or Improvement, to be held on such Day or Days subsequent to the Expiration of such Period of Six Weeks, and at such convenient Place or Places witliig the Parish or One of the Parishes wherein such Land so to be drained or improved shall be situate, or in the Vicinity thereof, as the said Commissioners shall specify in such Notice; and at the Time and Place named in such Notice as aforesaid the Assistant Commissioner, so appointed as aforesaid, shall attend and shall have Power to adjourn any Meeting from Time to Time, or hold any new Meeting, as he may find necessary, and shall inquire into the Correctness of the Schedules containing the Names of such reputed Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers as aforesaid, and shall inquire whether the Notices by the Act required shall have been duly given and served, and shall hear and inquire into all such Objections as shall have been or shall be then and there made by any Person or Persons interested in any Land likely to be affected by any thing by such Memorial proposed

V

Drainage of Lands.

Cap. 38.

1847:

to be done; and the said Assistant Commissioner shall receive and hear all such Evidence as may be offered to him in relation to the several Matters aforesaid.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Assistant Commissioner appointed as aforesaid shall report his Opinion on the proposed Drainage or Improvement, and on the Objections thereto, with the Evidence taken by him at the Meeting or Meetings (if any shall be held as aforesaid), or otherwise, to the Commissioners, and the Commissioners shall consider the proposed Drainage or Improvement, and such Objections as may have been made thereto, and may make further Inquiries, and take further Evidence in relation thereto, if they shall think fit; and in case they shall be of opinion that such Drainage or Improvement may be effected without material Detriment to the Lands proposed to be cut through or affected, or that the Damage to the Lands so proposed to be cut through or affected may be adequately and effectually compensated under the Provisions of this Act, they may allow such Works according to the Proposal in such Memorial contained, or with such Alterations therein as they may think fit; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, by an Order under their Seal, to authorize the Persons by whom such Application shall have been made, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons to be named or described by the Commissioners in such Order, to execute the proposed Works, as the same shall have been allowed as aforesaid, within a Time to be limited in such Order; and such Order, or some Plan thereunto annexed, shall specify or describe the Works thereby authorized to be executed; and the Person or Persons authorized in this Behalf by such Order, or the Person or Persons who shall be authorized by any supplementary Order of the Commissioners, shall have full Power to execute the Works in such Order specified and authorized according to the Terms and Intent of such Order, and to maintain such Works for ever thereafter, subject nevertheless to the Provisions herein-after contained, and making Compensation, to be ascertained in manner hereinafter mentioned, to all Persons, for any Damage occasioned to them by the Exercise of the Powers granted by such Order, or any of them.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid to enter into and upon any Dand in the Order of the Commissioners, or the Pla^n thereunto annexed, described or shown, and in conformity with the Terms of such Order, but not otherwise, to widen, straighten, deepen, divert, scour, or cleanse any River, Stream, Ditch, or Drain, 13rook, Pool, or Watercourse, and to make, open, and cut any new Watercourse, Side Cut, Ditch, or Drain, and to alter or remove any Bank, Sluice, Floodgate, Clough, Hatch, Weir, Dam, or other Obstruction, and to make or erect any Bank, Sluice, Floodgate, Hatch, Ditch, Drain, Tunnel, or other Works necessary or convenient for Drainage or for warping, and to dam, bar, and stop up with any Weir or Dam any River or Watercourse, and to erect and maintain on such Land Steam

and

441

Assistant Commissioner to report to Commissioners, who shall consider proposed Drainage.

Commissioners may, by Order under their Seal, authorise the Execution of the proposed Works as allowed by them.

Persons authorized to execute Works may enter upon Lands for that Purpose.

No Entry to be made on Land without Consent until Compensation is made.

Power to purchase Lands for Sites of Engine Houses, &c.

The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845,

(8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.,) incorporated with this Act.

Streams supplying ornamental Waters not to be interfered with without Consent.

Cap. 38. Drainage of Lands. 10 & 11 Vict.

and other Engines and Machinery: Provided always, that no Entry shall be made on any Land for the Purposes aforesaid,

except with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof, until the Amount of Compensation for the Damage to be occasioned by such Entry, and by the Execution and Maintenance of the Works authorized as aforesaid, shall have been agreed upon or ascertained, as the Case may be, and paid, under the Provisions herein-after contained or agreed to.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners by any such Order as aforesaid to authorize any Person or Persons therein mentioned to purchase and take, as the Site of any Engine House, or for any other Purpose necessary for the Works thereby authorized, any Land, not being in any Park or Pleasure Ground, in such Order to be described; provided always, that not more than Three Acres be purchased or taken under this Clause otherwise than by Agreement; and all the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the Purchase of Land otherwise than by Agreement, shall apply to the Purchase of any Land not exceeding Three Acres which shall be specially described in such Order, and which shall be thereby authorized to be taken otherwise than by Agreement; and the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act with respect to the Purchase of Land by Agreement shall apply to the Purchase of any Land by such Order authorized to be purchased, except as aforesaid; and all Lands to be purchased or taken under this Clause shall be conveyed to or held by such Persons and upon such Trusts as the Commissioners shall by such Order direct.

XT. And be it enacted, That the Compensation to be paid for the Damage or Injury to any Lands which may be entered upon, cut through, or interfered with under any such Order of the Commissioners as aforesaid may be agreed upon with the Persons and in the Manner provided by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to the Purchase of Land otherwise than by Agreement; and the Persons who in such Order of the Commissioners shall be authorized to execute the Works in such Order mentioned shall, for the Purposes of the last-mentioned Act and of this .Vet, be deemed the Promoters of the Undertaking; and all other the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall apply thereto, and to the Works and Purchases to be authorized by the Commissioners, in such and the same Manner as if the Works and Purchases which shall be authorized by the Commissioners had been set forth and authorized to be executed and made by this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Order of the Commissioners under this Act shall authorize any Work whereby the Streams, Reservoirs, or Feeders supplying any ornamental Waters shall be cut through, diverted, or interfered with, otherwise than by Agreement and with the Consent of the Persons to whom such ornamental Waters belong.

L847.

Drainage of Lands. Cap. 38. 443

XIII. And be it enacted, That Two Copies of every Order Copies of Or->f the Commissioners by which they shall authorize the Execu- Com- ion of Works under the Provisions of this Act shall be made,

ind sealed with the Se&l of the Commissioners, and one such Execution of

3opy shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the Work* to be

bounty in which the Land authorized to be drained, or the depo#u

greater Part thereof, shall be situate, who is hereby required

o deposit and keep the same among the Records of the said

bounty, so that recourse may be had thereto by any Person

nterested in the Premises, and the other Copy shall be deposited

vith the Church or Chapel Wardens for the Time being of the

Parish in which the said Land or the greater Part thereof shall

>e situate, to be kept by them and their Successors in Office

vith the public Books, Writings, and Papers of the Parish, or

hall be deposited with such other fit Persons as the Commis-

ioners shall approve; and all Persons interested therein may copies of

tave Access to and be furnished with Copies of or Extracts Orders to be

rom any such Copy, on giving reasonable Notice to the Person J£cInspec *

laving Custody of the same, and on Payment of Two Shillings IOD' c *

ind Sixpence for such Inspection, and after the Rate of Three-

>ence for every Seventy-two Words contained in such Copy or

Extract; and all such Copies of and Extracts from any such

Jopy of any such Order as aforesaid as shall be furnished by the

Jlerk of the Peace shall be signed by the Clerk of the Peace or

lis Deputy, purporting the same to be a true Copy or Extract;

ind every such Copy and Extract so signed shall be received

n Evidence without further Proof thereof.

XIV. And whereas by reason of the Neglect of or Want Where, by

of Co-operation among the Occupiers of Lands to maintain Neglect of Par-the Banks and cleanse and scour the Channels of existing ^n^i^ng" Drains, Streams, or Watercourses lying in or forming the &c. Bank* Boundaries of such Lands, and being or leading to the Outfall b; ng near eer- from such Lands and from other Lands, much Injury is occasioned and Improvement prevented, but sufficient Powers after giving do not at present exist to remedy the Evil aforesaid; be it Notice, main-herefore enacted, That in all Cases where by reason of the and r^v^the Neglect of any such Occupier to maintain or join in maintaining Expences. he Banks, or to cleanse and scour or join in cleansing and; couring the Channels, of existing Drains, Streams, or Water- . courses lying in or bounding the Lands of such Occupier, Injury hall be caused to any other Land, it shall be lawful for the Proprietor or Occupier of any Land so injured to require the Proprietor or Occupier so neglecting as aforesaid, by a Notice n Writing delivered to him or left at his usual Place of Abode, effectually to maintain such Banks or cleanse or scour such Channels, or to join in effectually maintaining such Banks or cleansing and scouring such Channels, of such Drains, Streams, tnd Watercourses; and in case he shall neglect so to do it shall )e lawful for the Occupier of the Land to which such Injury hall be caused, immediately after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Service of such Notice as aforesaid, o execute or cause to be executed, or to join with any other Person

Person in executing or causing to be executed, all necessary Works for maintaining or repairing such Banks, or cleansing or scouring such Channels as aforesaid; and in case the Expences paid or incurred in executing or causing to be executed such Works as aforesaid, or the just Proportion thereof which should have been paid or borne by the Occupier so neglecting as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the Person by whom the same shall have been paid or incurred by the Occupier so neglecting as aforesaid within One Calendar Month after Demand, it shall be lawful for any Justice, upon the Application of the Person by whom such Expences shall have been paid or incurred, to summon the Proprietor or Occupier so neglecting as aforesaid to appear before Two Justices at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons; and upon the Appearance of the Person so summoned, or in his Absence upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons, it shall be lawful for such Two Justices, upon Proof of such Neglect, as aforesaid, and of the Injury occasioned thereby, and of the Expences paid or incurred sis aforesaid, to make an Order for the Payment by the Occupier so neglecting of the Expences aforesaid, or of such just Proportion of the same as such Occupier so neglecting ought in the Opinion of the said Justices to contribute and pay; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, upon any such Application as aforesaid, to award such Costs to be paid by such Party and in such Manner as to such Justices shall seem reasonable, and the Amount of such Expences and Costs respectively may be recovered by Distress.

No Entry to

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, unless such be made on the Lrain, Stream, or Watercourse as aforesaid shall be a Boundary ^fpier neglect- or immediately adjoining to the Land of the Occupier whose ing to maintain Land shall have been injured by such Neglect as aforesaid^it Banks &c shall not be lawful for the Occupier whose Land shall have rant o^Two^ been 80 injured to enter upon the Land of any other Person justices. in the Execution of the Works aforesaid without a Warrant or Authority in Writing so to do from Two or more Justices, which Warrant or Authority such Justices shall grant upon Inquiry had before them, after a Summons served upon the Occupier of the Land so to be entered upon, if it shall appear # to such Justices that the Neglect of the Occupier of the Land so to be entered upon has occasioned Injury to the Lands of the Occupier applying for such Warrant or Authority: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Justices before whom any ()ccupier of Land shall be summoned to appear under this Act, and whether such Proprietor or Occupier shall or shall not have appeared, to adjourn the Hearing or further Hearing of any Application for any Order, or for any Warrant or Authority under this Act, to a subsequent Day, and to appoint a competent Person to view in the meantime the Drain, Stream, or Watercourse, and to report thereon to the Justices on the Day to which such Hearing shall have been adjourned, or the said Justices or any of them may in the meantime attend and view such Drain, Stream, or Watercourse.

1847.

445

Drainage of Lands. Cap. 38.

XVX. And be it enacted, That if upon any Adjudication of the Justices the Amount of the Expences ordered to be paid, dicatlonof JuL and of such Costs as aforesaid, be not paid, the Amount of such tices may be Expences and Costs -shall be levied by Distress, and such levied by D"-Justices or either of them, or any other Justice, shall issue tre8S* their or his Warrant of Distress accordingly; and every Sum of Money to be levied by Distress as aforesaid shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party liable to pay the same; and the Surplus arising from the Sale of such Goods and Chattels, after satisfying such Sum of Money, and the Expences of the Distress and Sale, shall be returned, on Demand, to the Party whose Goods shall have been distrained.

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Distress levied by virtue Distress not of this Act shall be deemed unlawful, nor shall any Party making the same be deemed a Trespasser, on account of any Defect or an 0 ° Want of Form in the Summons, Adjudication, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall such Party be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity afterwards committed by him, but all Persons aggrieved by suck Defect or Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Nothing to

in this Act contained shall affect the Rights, Duties, Privileges, aflrect Rights of Powers, or Authorities vested in or to be discharged by any Commissioners of Sewers appointed by any Commission or Drainage, under the Great Seal, or under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, or by any other lawful Commission of Sewers, or the Commissioners appointed under any local or private Act of Parliament for Sewers or Drainage, or shall extend to or affect any Charter, Law, Usage, or Custom concerning Romney Marsh, or concerning the Great Level of the Fens called the Bedford Level, or any Part thereof: Provided nevertheless, that if the Persons in-Persons interested in any Lands authorized to be drained under ^utbo-local or private Act of Parliament for the Inclosure and Drainage be of any Lands, or if any Portion, not being less in Number and drained under Value than Two Thirds of the Persons so interested, shall be desirous of having such Lands drained under the Provisions of drained this Act, and shall notify such their Desire by Writing under under the Pro-their Hands to the Commissioners under this Act, then such *inonsofihis Commissioners and their Assistant Commissioners respectively c ' shall and may, notwithstanding any Provision in any such local or private Act contained, have and exercise all the Powers given to them by virtue of this Act with reference to the Lands authorized to be drained by such local or private Act as if all the Clauses therein contained for or regarding the Drainage of such Lands were repealed by this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not No Person

be lawful for any Person acting or pretending to act under this l^on-

Act to make or construct, alter or extend, on the Shore of the slr"ct works, Sea, or of any Creek, Bay, or Arm of the Sea, or any na- &c. on the rigable River communicating therewith, where and so far up ^wntof* the same as the Tide flows, any Work which might not have °he Admiralty.

446 Cap. 38. Drainage of Lands. 10 & 11 Vict.

Definition of Terms. been lawfully made or constructed in case this' Act had not been passed without the previous Consent of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom aforesaid for the Time being, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and then only according to such Plan and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, may approve of, such Approval being signified as last aforesaid; and if any such Work shall be commenced or completed contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, at his or their Discretion, to abate and to remove the same, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost of the Person, or of any One or more of the Persons by whom the same shall have been so commenced or completed; and nothing herein contained shall authorize or enable any Person acting or pretending to act under this Act to make or construct any Work injurious to the Navigation of any navigable River or Canal, or to use or occupy Land between High and Low Water Mark, without the Consent of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods and Forests.

XX. And be it enacted, That in the C<instruction of this Act (except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context of the Act is repugnant- to such Construction) " the Commissioners" shall mean the said Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales; and the Word "Plan" shall extend to Drawings and Sections; and the Word " River" shall extend to all Rivers, Rivulets, Lakes, Canals, Streams, and Estuaries; and the Word "Person" and the Word "Proprietor" shall extend to the Queen's Majesty, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and also all Bishops, Parsons, and other Ecclesiastical Persons; the Words "Persons interested in the Land" shall mean such Persons as would be deemed to be so interested under the Provisions of the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty; the Word " Agent" shall extend to any Person employed to receive Rents; the Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting for the County, Riding, City, Division, Liberty, or other Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice shall arise, and who shall not be interested in the Matter; and the Words " Churchwarden" and " Parish" shall respectively extend to any Chapel-warden, or other Officer executing any similar Duties, and to any Township or other Division or extra-parochial Place for which such Officer is appointed; and where any Matter shall be authorized or required to be done by Two Justices the Expression "Two Justices" shall be understood to mean Two or more Justices assembled and acting together in Petty Sessions; and every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend and be applied to several Persons or Things as well as one Person

V

447

1847. Drainage of Land. — Burgh Police (Scotland). Cap. 38, 39.

Person or Thing; and every Word importing the Plural Number shall extend and be applied to one Person or Thing as well as several Persons or Things; and every Word importing the Masculine Gender only shah extend and be applied to a Female as well as a Male.

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of *«

Parliament.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to amend an Act to enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general System of Police, and another Act for providing for the Appointment and Election of Magistrates and Counci llors for certain Burghs and Towns of Scotland.

[21st June 1847.]

YX^REBEAS 911 Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign

of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to 3 & 4 W.4. c. 4$. 4 enable Burghs in Scotland to establish a general System of Police: And whereas an Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament in the said Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Ap- 344W. 4. C. 77.

pointment and Election of Magistrates and Councillors for the 4 4 several Burghs and Towns of Scotland which now return or contribute to return Members to Parliament, and are not Royal Burghs: And whereas it is expedient that the Burghs and

Towns to which Magistrates and Councillors were by the said last-recited Act provided should have the Power of adopting ' the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act in the

Manner and to the Effect by the said first-recited Act provided ' in relation to Royal Burghs, Burghs of Begality, and Burghs of Barony: And whereas it is expedient that in all Cases in which the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act shall be in whole or in part adopted the Execution and Administration thereof should be vested in the Magistrates and (Councillors of Royal Burghs, Burghs of Begality, and Burghs of Barony, and of the Burghs and Towns to which Magistrates and Councils were by the said second-recited Act provided that shall ad<*pt the same, and that the Majority of the Electors

upon whose Decision such Adoption is provided by the said ' first-recited Act to take place should be diminished: And whereas by the said second-recited Act no Provision is made for defraying the necessary Expences of the Municipal Establishments thereby constituted, and the other Expences attend-

ing the Administration of the Afiairs of the said Burghs and

Towns, and some of the said Burghs and Towns do not possess

any Common Good or Means, or do not possess adequate Means of defraying such Expences, and it is necessary that the said first-recited Act should in this and other respects be altered and amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most

448

Power to Burghs and Towns to adopt Provisions of General Police Act.

Magistrates and Council may convene Occupiers to determine whether Act shall be adopted.

Resolution to adopt to be carried by Majority of Two Thirds.

General Police Act to be executed by Magia-trates and Council.

Cap. 39. Burgh Police (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven it shall be lawful to all Burghs and Towns to which Magistrates and Councils were by the said second-recited Act provided, and on which Municipal Governments are thereby conferred, to adopt in whole or in part, with and under the Powers, Provisions, and Conditions therein contained, the Powers, Provisions, and Authorities of the said first-recited Act, and for the Purposes and to the Effect therein provided in relation to Royal Burghs and Burghs of Regality and of Barony adopting the same.

II. And be it enacted, That where any Royal Burgh or any Burgh of Regality and Burgh of Barony having Magistrates and Councils, and where any Burgh or Town to which Magistrates and Councils were provided under the said second-recited Act, intends to adopt in whole or in part the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act, it shall be lawful for the Magistrates and Council of any such Burghs or Towns, without any such Application of Householders as is by the said first-recited Act prescribed, to convene the Occupiers of Premises of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds in the Manner by the said Act directed to consider and determine whether the Provisions of the said first-recited Act shall be in whole or in part adopted, and the Determination of such Question shall be ascertained in the Manner by the said first-recited Act prescribed.

HL Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Resolution to adopt the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act in whole or in part shall in all Cases be effectual if it shall be carried by a Majority of Two Thirds of the Number of Persons qualified and voting.

IV. And be it enacted, That in any Case where the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act shall be in whole or in part adopted in any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Regality, or Burgh of Barony having Magistrates and Council, and in any Case where the Majority of Electors aforesaid in any Burgh or Town having a Right by the said second-recited Act to elect Magistrates and Councils shall as aforesaid vote for the Adoption of and shall adopt the Provisions of the first-recited Act in whole or in part, all the Powers and Provisions so adopted shall, instead of being put in execution by Commissioners elected as by the said first-recited Act is prescribed, be put in execution by the Magistrates and Councils of such Burghs and Towns respectively; and all the Powers and Duties by the said Act conferred upon the Commissioners thereby authorized to be elected shall be enjoyed and exercised by the Magistrates and Councils of such Burghs and Towns respectively as the same could have been enjoyed and exercised by the said Commissioners; and the said first-recited Act shall, as far as the same is applicable, be applied to and construed with this Act, and be available to the Magistrates and Councils of such Burghs

and

J

449

1847. Burgh Police (Scotland). Cap. 39.

and Towns, in all respects as if the 'said Act had been herein re-enacted.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be in the Option of any P6we« of Burgh which has already adopted in whole or in part the Provisions of the said first-recited Act either to continue the Exe- adopted may be cution of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act as far as vested in Magi *, adopted in the Commissioners elected and to be elected under the Provisions thereof, or at a Meeting of the Electors of such Burgh, to be called in the Manner by this Act directed, and proceeded in in the Manner prescribed by the said first-recited Act, to consider and determine whether the Execution of such Powers and Provisions should not be vested in the Magistrates and Councils of such Burgh; and in the event of their determining that such Powers and Provisions shall be so vested, then and in such Case the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act theretofore vested in such Commissioners shall, after the Expiration of Two Months from the Date of such Determination, cease and be it an end, and thereafter all such Powers and Provisions, and also all the Property and Effects vested in such Commissioners as such Commissioners, shall vest in and belong to such Magistrates and Council in the Manner and to the Effect herein-before provided in respect of future Adoptions of the said first-recited Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That as regards Burghs of Barony Procedure in and Burghs of Regality not incorporated, and not having Magis-

trates and Councils, which may resolve to adopt the Powers and tretes and Provisions of the said first-recited Act in whole or in part, the Councils. Procedure thereto shall remain and be as well in regard to the Meetings to be held for that Purpose as the Execution of the Powers and Provisions of the said first-recited Act by Commissioners in all respects as by the said first-recited Act is authorized and prescribed.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Assessments Magistrates and Councils of the Burghs and Towns respectively to which Magistrates and Councils are provided by the said Burghs and second-recited Act in which there are no Means or no adequate Towns for Mu-Means of defraying the necessary Expences of their Municipal Pur' Establishments, and other Expences attending the Administration of the Affairs of such Burghs and Towns respectively, to assess all Tenants, Occupiers, and Possessore of Premises within such Burghs and Towns respectively valued at Two Pounds or upwards of yearly Rent in the Sums necessary for defraying the Expences of such Municipal Establishments and Administration aforesaid, but in no Case to an Amount exceeding Threepence in the Pound of the yearly Rent of such Premises; and such Assessment shall be levied and recovered by the Magistrates and Councils of such Burghs and Towns respectively in such and the like Manner, from the same Descriptions of Persons and Property, and under the like Provisions and Exceptions, as the Assessments .leviable, under the said first-recited Act for Police and other Purposes by the Commissioners therein directed to be chosen are authorized to be levied and recovered.

F f 3 VIII. And

General Police Act applied to this Act.

Act may be amended, Ac.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 123.

Recited Act continued until 31st July 1848, and to the End of then next Session.

Act may be amended, Ac.

3 A 4 W.4. c. 16.

Cap. 39 — 41. Lunatic Asylums (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said first-recited Act shall,

in so far as the same or any Part thereof is inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, but no farther, be repealed, and the said Act shall, to the Extent necessary for carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect, be applied to and construed with this Act, and, except in so far as the same is hereby altered, shall remain in full Force and Effect

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XL.

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for amending the Law relative to private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

[21st June 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and until the End of the then next Session of Parlies ment, the Law relating to private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland: And whereas by an Act of the last Session of Parliament the ' said first-recited Act was continued until the Thirty-first Day 4 of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fortyseven, or, if Parliament be then sitting, until the End of the then Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient to continue the same for a limited Period Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said first-recited Act shall be and continue in full Force and Effect until the Thirty-first Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth,

intituled An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks

1847. Soap Allowances. Cap. 41, 42. 451

+of Excise on Soap, and to grant other Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks in lieu thereof, certain Allowances of the Duties of Excise paid on Soap were granted in respect of Soap used in certain Manufactures and Processes set forth in the said Act, and which Allowances were to cease at the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five: And whereas by subsequent Acts, and particularly by an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, the said Allowances (except the Allowance for the whitening of new Linen in the Piece for Sale) were continued until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-six: And whereas it is expedient that the said Allowances (except as aforesaid) should be further continued: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Allowances (except the Allowance of the Certain Aiiow-Duty on Soap used, employed, or consumed in the whitening

of Hew Linen in the Piece for Sale) shall continue and remain payable until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, in like Manner as if the same had been made payable until that Time by the said first-recited Act.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to transfer the Collection and Management* of the Duties in respect of Stage Carriages, Hackney Carriages, and Railway Passengers from the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes to the Commissioners of Excise.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS the Collection and Management of the several and respective Duties herein-after specified and described ' are now by Law vested in the Commissioners of Stamps and ' Taxes, and it is expedient to transfer the same to the Commissioners of Excise:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the several and respective Duties herein-after specified and described; (that is to say,) the Duties granted and now payable in Great Britain by and under an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for and in respect of Stage Carriages, and Licences for keeping, using, or employing Stage Carriages, and (or and in respect of Passengers conveyed upon Railways,

Duties in respect of Stage and Hackney Carriages, and Licences for the same respectively, and in respect of Rail* way Passengers, transferred to the Commissioners of Ex-

452

Powers and Provisions of the said Acts to be executed by Commissioners and Officers of Excise.

Cap. 42. Stage Carriages, &c. Dutn s. 10 & 11 Vict.

and also the Duties granted and now payable by and under an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for and upon and in respect of Licences to keep, use, employ, :md let to hire Hackney Carriages within the Distance of Five Miles from the General Post Office in the City of London, shall be and the same are hereby transferred to and placed under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being; and the said several and respective Duties shall thenceforth be denominated and deemed to be Duties of Excise, and shall hr raised, levied, collected, and accounted i >r by and under the Authority of the Commissioners of Excise and their Officers, any thing in any former Act or Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of September all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions now in force contained in the said several Acts herein-before mentioned or referred to, or in any other Act or Acts, and which at the Time of the passing of this Act may lawfully be executed and enforced by the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes or their Officers, in relation to the said respective Duties hereby transferred as aforesaid, or any of them, or in relation to Stage Carriages or Hackney Carriages, or the Drivers or Conductors of any such Carriages, shall be executed and enforced by the Commissioners of Excise and their Officers respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and expressly given to the said Commissioners of Excise and their Officers respectively; and that all the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts now in force relating to the said respective Duties hereby transferred as aforesaid, as well as the Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts in force in relation to any of the Duties of lCxcjse, so far as such last-mentioned Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties shall be applicable to the said respective Duties hereby transferred as aforesaid, and so far as the same shall not be inconsistent with the special Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, .Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties now in force in relation to the said respective Duties hereby transferred as aforesaid, shall be of full Force and Effect, and shall be applied, enforced, and put in execution for raising, collecting, levying, recovering, and securing the said last-mentioned Duties, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Powers, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties Avere repeated and specially enacted in this Act with reference to the said respective Duties hereby transferred as aforesaid; and wherever in any Act or

Acts

453

1847. Stage Carriages, \c. Duties. Cap. 42.

Acte now in force in relation to the said last-mentioned respective Duties, or to Stage Carriages or Hackney Carriages, or the Drivers or Conductors of any such Carriages, the Head Office for Stamps or for Stamps and Taxes, or the Solicitor of Stamps or for Stamps and Taxes, or any Officer of Stamp Duties or for Stamps and Taxes, is mentioned or designated, the same shall in relation to the said respective Duties hereby transferred as aforesaid, and to Stage Carriages and Hackney Carriages, and the said Drivers and Conductors respectively, be deemed and taken to mean the Chief Office of Excise in London, the Solicitor of Excise, and any Officer of Excise respectively.

ILL. And be it enacted, That every Bond which before or upon the said Fifth Day of September shall have been given by the Proprietor or Company of Proprietors of any Bail way for accounting for and paying to the Receiver General or any other Officer or Officers of Stamps and Taxes the said Duties for or in respect of Passengers conveyed upon Railways, and every Transfer of Stock or Deposit of Exchequer Bills which shall have been made in lieu of giving any such Bond as aforesaid, shall, so far as relates to such Duties as shall become payable at any Time and from Time to Time after the said last-mentioned Day respectively, be and remain a good and valid Security for accounting for and paying over the said last-mentioned Duties to the Receiver General or other Officer or Officers of Excise, and for that Purpose, wherever in the Condition of any such Bond, or in any Declaration relating to any such Transfer or Deposit as aforesaid, the Terms and Expressions following occur; (that is to say,) " Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes," " Receiver General of Stamps and Taxes, '' " Officer of Stamp Duties," or " Head Office for Stamps and Taxes in the City of Westminster" the same, so far as relates to the said Duties which shall become payable after the said last-mentioned Day, shall be severally construed and read as if the following Terms and Expressions had been inserted in the said Condition or Declaration, and severally substituted for and in lieu of the said former Terms and Expressions; (that is to say,) " Commissioners of Excise " for and in lieu of " Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes," " Receiver General of Excise" for and in lieu of " Receiver General of Stamps and Taxes," "Officer of Excise " for and in lieu of "Officer of Stamp Duties," and " Chief Office of Excise in the City of London " for and in lieu of " Head Office for Stamps and Taxes in the City of Westminster and in all Proceedings at Law or in Equity touching or concerning any of the said Duties which shall become payable after the said Last-mentioned Day the Condition of any such Bond and every such Declaration as aforesaid shall respectively be pleaded and read as if such substituted Terms and Expressions had been originally inserted therein for and in lieu of the said other Terms and Expressions.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to terminate, affect, or alter any Licence which shall have been granted with relation

to

Bonds and Securities given by Railway Companies to account for Duties to be applicable to the Duties when transferred to the Commissioners of Excise.

Act not to affect existing Licences.

Act not to extend to Arrears of Duty or Penalties incurred or Offences committed on or before 5th Sept 1847.

Act may be amended, &c.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 126.

Cap. 42, 43. Stage Carriages, &c. Duties. 10 & 11 VK5T.

to any of the said respective Duties on or before the said Fifth Day of September, and which shall then be unexpired and in full Force, but that every such Licence shall remain and continue as valid and effectual for the Purposes for which the same was granted, until the Expiration thereof by Effluxion of Time or otherwise, as it would have been if this Act had not been passed.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to any Arrears of the said Duties or to any Penalties which shall respectively have been or be or become due or payable, or haye been or be incurred, before or upon the said Fifth Day of September, or to any Offence committed before or upon the said last-mentioned Day, but that all such Arrears of Duty and all such Penalties as aforesaid shall respectively be collected, received, sued for, and recovered, and all such Offences shall be dealt with and punished, as if this Act had not been passed.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Laws relating to the Provision and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums for Counties and Boroughs in England.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the

* ' Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to

amend the Lairs for the Provision and It<gillation of Lunatic ' Asylums for Counties and Boroughs, and for the Maintenance 6 and Care of Pauper Lunatics, in England, it was among other ' things enacted, that the Justices of every County and Borough

which had no Asylum for the Pauper Lunatics thereof should, k after the passing of the said Act, either erect or provide an

Asylum for the Pauper Lunatics of such County or Borough

alone, or should unite with some County or Borough (whether ' such last-named County or Borough should or should not ' have a Lunatic Asylum), or with the Subscribers to some ' Lunatic Asylum theretofore established by voluntary Subscriptions, in erecting or providing an Asylum for the Pauper

Lunatics of such County or Borough: And whereas Doubts ' have been entertained whether the above -mentioned Provi-(sions extend to the Case of more than Two Counties or f Boroughs uniting with each other, or with each other and

with the Subscribers to a Lunatic Asylum, for the Purpose ' aforesaid, and it is desirable that such Doubts should be

removed: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should be extended to the Case of Counties or ' Boroughs uniting for the Purpose aforesaid with the Subscribers to a Lunatic Asylum, although the same may not ' have been actually established before the passing of the said Act;

Act; and it is expedient that the said Act should be in other respects amended Be it enacted by the Queen*8 most Exceh-ent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the jords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Recited Act to he said recited Act shall be deemed and taken to have autho- ^et^ses ized and empowered and to authorize and empower the Justices Two Counties f any County or Borough to unite for the Purposes of the or Boroughs aid Act as follows; (that is to say,) any One or more County pmting forf r Counties may be united either alone or with any One or esuSSing a acre Borough or Boroughs, and any One or more Borough or Lunatic Asy-loroughs may be united either alone or with any One or more ^Ieir bounty or Counties, and any One or more County or Counties, Subscribers to nd One or more Borough or Boroughs, whether united or not, Lunatic aay unite with the Subscribers to any Lunatic Asylum esta- £^3^* fished or in course Of Erection, or afterwards to be established, established.

»y voluntary Subscriptions, in erecting or providing an Asylum or the Pauper Lunatics of all or any of such Counties or loroughs, whether such Union shall have taken place or shall ake place at one and the same Time or at different Times.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Authori- ^b* recited ies, of what Nature or Kind soever, contained in the said ac^o attend ecited Act, or any Act amending the same, except as hereby to this Act. xpre88ly altered, shall extend to every Matter and Thing to e done under or by virtue of this Act

III. And be it enacted, That all Agreements* Acts, and Pro- F°er Pro-eedings entered into, done* or had before the passing of this Justi

Let, and notwithstanding any Error or Omission whatsoever* declared valid, mil be and the same are hereby declared to be valid, binding* nd effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and in 11 respects, as if the Provisions of the said Act had been xictly complied with.

IV. And be it enacted, That where any Agreement for an Where by the Tnion has been made or shall be hereafter made, and in such u^on'rfaddi-Lgreement the Proportion in which the Expences necessary for tional Counties irrying into execution the Powers and Purposes of the said or Boroughs icited Act or of this Act were or are to be charged and ssessed upon the several Counties and Boroughs and Sub- be borne by bribers so uniting shall have been or shall be specified, in pur- those already rnnee of the Directions of the said recited Act, but by reason th^t *

: some other Union the Proportions of Expences to be charged agreed upon, id assessed as aforesaid shall have been or shall be altered the Agreement id diminished, the Agreement for such Alteration and Dimi- £ auUwriIL ution shall nevertheless be deemed and taken to be valid, and the raising of authorize and empower the Justices of every such County the smaller the General or Quarter Sessions for the same, or the Council AmounU 'every such Borough, to raise and levy, by the Ways and [eans mentioned in the said recited Act, or any Act amend-g the same, such smaller Proportion and Sums of Money as all under the Circumstances aforesaid be necessary for carrying to effect the Provisions of the said recited Act and of this

ct.

10 & 11 Vkst.

Where a County or Borough unites with others, &c., a Proportion of Expellees assessed to be paid to the Treasurers of the other Counties, &c. and applied in liquidation of previous Charges.

Regulating Number of Visitors where Counties or Boroughs have united, and have been joined by any other County or Borough since the passing of this Act.

Plans, Estimates, &c. not to be subject to the Approbation of Quarter Sessions of Counties, &c. before they are carried into execution.

Agreements to be entered into in the Form in Schedule (A.) of recited Act, except, &c.

Cap. 43. Lunatic Asylums.

V. And be it enacted, That when, in the Case of any' such Union as aforesaid, any Monies shall become repayable to any County or Borough by reason of the Addition thereto of any other County or Borough or Subscribers, then such Excess shall be repaid to the respective Treasurers of such Counties or Boroughs according to the Proportions in which the original Sums were contributed, and shall be applied in Liquidation and Payment, pro tanto, of the Monies which shall have been raised and levied by such Counties and Boroughs, for the Purposes and under the Powers of the said recited Act, or of any Act amending the same, or of this Act, in such Manner as the Justices of any such County at any General or Quarter Sessions for the same, or the Council of any such Borough, shall respectively order and direct; or if all such Monies shall have been paid, then the same shall be applied in diminution of any Rate to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act, or any Act amending the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That where any Union shall have been made before the passing of the said recited Act, or where any Union comprising more than Two Counties or Boroughs shall be made after the passing of this Act, and by the Agreement thereupon made and entered into the Number of Visitors for any County or Borough has been or .'-hall be fixed at less in the Case of a County than Seven, or in the Case of a Borough than Three, such Agreement shall and is hereby declared to be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case such Union shall hereafter be joined by any other County or Borough, it shall be lawful, in the Agreement to be thereupon made and entered into, to fix a less Number of Visitors for any such County than Seven, and for any such Borough than Three.

VII. And be it enacted, That where any Union has been or shall be made for the Purposes of the said recited Act, it shall not be necessary, after the passing of this Act, that the Plans, Estimates, Contracts, and Agreements for Purchase, or any of them, shall be submitted for or be subject to the Approbation of the Court or Courts of General or Quarter Sessions of the County or Counties, or the Justices of the Borough or Boroughs, uniting, before the same shall be completed or carried into execution; provided that the Sum to be so expended shall not exceed an Amount previously authorized by the said Court or Courts of General or Quarter Sessions.

VIII. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding the Provisions of the said recited Act, it shall not be necessary to specify in the Agreement to be executed in pursuance thereof the Numbers of every Committee of the County or Counties, Borough or Boroughs, or Subscribers, uniting, but that the said Agreement may be entered into in the Form or to the Effect of the Agreement in Schedule (A.) to the said Act annexed, except that it shall not be necessary that such Agreement

457

ment should- be under the Seals of the Parties signing the same, any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted, That all Proposals, Agreements, Contracts, and Plans made or to be made in pursuance and execution of the said recited Act or of this Act, which shall have been or shall be approved of by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under Ins Hand, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be valid, binding, and effectual, although the same shall not have been or may not be submitted to and approved by such Secretary of State until after the signing and Execution thereof by any Committee of Justices or Visitors.

X. And be it enacted, That when any Committees of Justices elected and appointed, or of Subscribers appointed, as in the said Act is mentioned, shall have agreed or shall agree to unite for the Purposes of the said Act, it shall be lawful for such Committees to insert in the Form of Agreement set forth in the Schedule (A.) annexed to the said Act any Stipulations or Conditions, in addition to the Matters by the said Act required to be specified in such Agreement, so that such additional Stipulations or .Conditions do not in any way subject the Acts of the Committee of Visitors to the Approval or Control of any Court of General or Quarter Sessions, or of any Justices, in any Case not provided for by the said Act as amended by this Act; and the additional Stipulations and Conditions so inserted in the said Agreement shall be of the same Force and Effect as the Matters so required to be specified, notwithstanding that such additional Stipulations or Conditions may control, in any other Manner than is herein-before specified and excepted, the Discretion and Acts of the Committee of Visitors as regulated by the said Act, or may require the Consent or Approval of, or may subject the Acts or Orders of the Visitors to be disallowed, modified, or controlled by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in Cases not provided for by the said Act; but any Stipulations or Conditions subjecting the Acts of the Committee of Visitors to the Approval or Control of any Court of General or Quarter Sessions, or of any Justices, in any Case not provided for by the said Act as amended by this Act, shall be void and of none Effect.

XI. And be it enacted, That, with the Consent in Writing under the Hands of the 'greater Number of Visitors of each County, Borough, or Body of Subscribers united for the Purposes of the said Act, and with the previous Consent in Writing under the Hand and Seal of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, the Committee of Visitors may from Time to Time repeal or alter any of the said additional Stipulations or Conditions inserted in the said Agreement.

XII. And be it enacted, That the several Persons lending Money for the Purposes of the said Act shall not be bound to require Proof that the several Provisions of the said Act or of this Act, or of any Act amending the same, have been duly complied with; and that if there be an Order of the Justices of

Proposals, Agreement ^, &c. approve d by the Seem -tary of Stale, after their Execution by Justices, &c. 9 to be valid.

Committee: of Justices, &c. may insert additional Stipulations or Conditions in Form of Agreement in Schedule (A.); but Acts of Visitor not to be subject to Control of General or Quarter Sessions.

With Consmt of Visitors, additional Stipulations or Conditions may be repealed.

Persons lending Money on Mortgage of Rates, &c. not bound to give Proof that Notices have been given, &c.

4(8

Cap. 43, 44. Lunatu Afghani. 10 & 11 Vx>T.

Power to Justices, &c. to lery Rates so mortgaged.

Act to be construed with 8 & 9 Vict. c. 126.

Act may be amended. See.

of any County in General or Quarter Session, or of the Council of any Borough, making Application for the Loan, and any Mortgage be thereupon duly executed as by the said recited Act is provided, the Justices or Council (as the Case may be) shall have full Power to levy the Rates so mortgaged, for Repayment of the Money so borrowed, with Interest, notwithstanding that the Provisions of the said recited Act, or any Act amending the same, may not have been complied with; and it shall not be competent to any Rate-payer or other Person to question the Validity of any such Rate or Mortgage on the Ground that the aforesaid Provisions had not been complied with.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed and read with and as Part of the said recited Acts.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

CAP. XLIV.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 120.

An Act to render permanent certain Parts of the Act for amending the Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending die ' Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland, it was ' amongst other things enacted, that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, in or by any Commission or Commissions under the ' Great Seal of the United Kingdom, to be thereafter issued ' for the Government of Newfoundland, and in and by any ' Instructions under Her Majesty's Signet and Sign Manual ' accompanying and referred to in any such Commission or ' Commissions, to establish a Qualification in respect of Inopme ' or Property in right of which any Person might be thereafter elected to serve as a Member of the Assembly of Newfoundland; provided that no such Qualification should be ' fixed at more than a net annual Income arising from any ' Source whatsoever of One hundred Pounds, or the Possession

of Property, clear of all Incumbrances, exceeding Five hundred Pounds in Amount or Value; and that it should be ' lawful for Her Majesty, in maimer aforesaid, to fix and determine the Length of the Period of Residence within any ' Electoral District in the said Island which should be required, in addition to any other Qualification, for voting at ' Elections within such District, or for being elected to serve ' as a Member of the Assembly, provided that such Period ' should not extend beyond the Period of Two Years next preceding any such Election; and that it should be lawful for 6 Her Majesty, in manner aforesaid, to restrain the said As-

sembly from appropriating to the public Service within the

Island of Newfoundland any Part of the public Revenue

thereof

1847. Newfoundland Government Cap. 44. 459

thereof in Cases where such Services should not have been i previously recommended, or such Grants of Money should not have been previously asked by or on the Behalf of Her Majesty; and that it should be lawful for Her Majesty, in manner aforesaid, to restrain and prohibit the Election of Members to serve in the said Assembly in different Districts ' on successive or different Days, and to require that all such ' Elections should be simultaneous, and should be completed ' within a Time to be limited, and that any such future Commission or Instructions as aforesaid should be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days next after the Date thereof, should Parliament then be in Session, or if not,

then within Thirty Days next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; and it was thereby provided that no Change which should be made in the Constitution of the said Island under the said Act should continue for a longer Time than the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, unless Parliament should otherwise order: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue till the First Day of Sep- 9 & 10 Vict.

tember One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven certain c*45 *

of the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for amending the Constitution of the Government ^Newfoundland, it was enacted, that the Changes

made in the Constitution of the said Island under the said recited Act should continue in force until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven: And whereas upon and from the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the Changes made in the Constitution of the said Island under the first-recited Act will cease to be in force unless further Provision in that Behalf be made by Parliament; and it is expedient that from and after the said First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the first-recited Act should cease to be in force, save only so far as the same is

herein-before recited Be it enacted by the Queen's most So much of Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this herein-before present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the recited declared same, That so much as is herein-before recited of the first-recited "d

Act shall be permanent, and that upon and from and after the not recitedto First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty- cease to be in seven so much of the said Act as is not herein-before recited force* shall cease to be in force.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed during this Session of amended»&c* Parliament.

Cap. 45.

Prisoners Removal (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

In case of Fever or Contagion existing in any Place in Ireland Prisoners may be removed from one Gaol to another by Order of the Lord Lieutenant.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to authorize for One Year, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland in Cases of epidemic Diseases.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS Fever and other epidemic Diseases have for £ " some Time prevailed in several Parts of Ireland: And whereas the Progress of such Diseases is likely to be much ' augmented by the Want of proper Accommodation in the

Gaols in Ireland, and the Number of Persons confined ' therein: And whereas the Removal of such Prisoners to

other Prisons or Places cannot, as the Law now stands, take place without Risk to the Persons to whose Custody such f Prisoners respectively may be committed: And whereas ' Persons remanded or ordered to be imprisoned by the Com- inissioners of Her Majesty's Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland cannot by any Order of the said Court ' or otherwise be removed to other Custody; and it is expedient that the Law should in such Cases be amended, for the c Benefit and Safety of the Public Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That when and so often as any Fever, or other contagious, epidemic, or endemic Disease, shall exist or be apprehended in any City, Town, or Place in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by his or their Order, to be signified by his or their Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, to direct that any Person or Persons, being imprisoned in any Gaol, Prison, Bridewell, or other Place of Confinement in any City, Town, or Place in Ireland, under or by virtue of any Process, civil or criminal, or under or by virtue of any Order or Writ of any Court of Justice in In land, shall and may be removed from such Gaol, Prison, Bridewell, or other Place of Confinement to such other Gaol, Prison, or Place of Custody as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall seem fit and proper, for and during such Time as to him or them shall appear expedient; and every such Person, when so removed, shall be to all Intents and Purposes deemed and considered to be in the proper legal Custody for and during the Time of such Removal, and for and during such Time as he or she shall be in the Place to which he or she shall be so removed, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes as if such Person had continued in his or her original Place of Confinement, and had not been by any such Order or otherwise removed from the same; and that no Right, Duty, Authority, Liability, Jurisdiction, Franchise, Power, Privilege, or Function of any Person whatsoever, which if such Removal had not taken

place

Prisoners Removal [Ireland). Cap. 45, 4G.

4Gi

place would have existed, or could or might have been used or

exercised, shall he in any respect or degree affected, altered,

diminished, prejudiced, or varied by or in consequence of any such Removal: Provided always, that in case any such

Prisoners shall be removed under the Provisions of this Act

from any County, County of a City or County of a Town, into

any other County, County of a City or County of a Town, the

Expences of the Support and Maintenance of such Prisoners in

the Place to which they shall be so removed shall be paid and

provided for by the County, County of a City or County of a

Town, from which respectively they shall have been so removed,

as the same were or ought to be paid or provided for before

such Removal; and the Expences of any such Removal under this Act, and of any further Removal of Prisoners, t<> the

original Place of Custody, shall be charged and chargeable on the County, County of a City or County of a Town, from

which they shall have been so removed, and shall be paid and

provided for in like Manner and subject to like Provisions as

are contained in an Art of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act t<> regulate i& 2 Vict. c. c.

the Expences of conveying Prisoners in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the passing of the same, and hIui 11 continue and be in force for the Space of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Commencement and Conti mi -a nee of Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to facilitate the temporary Investment of Trust Monies in the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland.

[25th Jane 184/.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Facilities should ' be given for the permanent Improvement of Lauds in c Ireland: And whereas it may happen that there are now or s hereafter may be in the Hands or standing to the Account of Trustees or a Trustee of a Settlement or Will or Codicil c Monies produced by the Sale or received for Equality of Exchange of settled Estates or Hereditaments in Ireland, under a Power of Sale or Exchange, or under Trusts for Sale,

in such Settlement or Will or Codicil contained, or Stocks or

Securities purchased with such Monies, and which Monies are liable to be laid out in the Purchase of other Estates or

Hereditaments in Ireland or elsewhere, to be settled to the same or the like Uses or upon and for the same or the like

Trusts and Purposes as the Estates or Hereditaments from the Sale or Exchange of which such Monies were produced,

and there may be now or hereafter Monies in the Hands or

standing to the Account of Trustees or a Trustee of a Settle-

Trustees, Sec. of settled Estates may petition the Court of Chancery in Ireland for Permission to lay out Money in Improvements.

Court may refer such Petition to a Master, and obtain his Report.

Master to give Notice, and shall hear all

Cap. 46. Trust Money Investment (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

ment, Will, or Codicil produced by a Sale or Sales of settled Lands or Hereditaments in Ireland, compulsorily or other-

wise, made to or for the Purposes of a Railway or other public c Work, or other Monies, Stocks, or Securities liable to be laid (out in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments, and which

Monies respectively may be advantageously advanced for the s Purpose of being laid out in the permanent Improvement of the Lands or Hereditaments remaining unsold or in Settlement (for the Time being, and there may be now or hereafter Monies

or Stocks or Securities in the Hands or standing to the ' Account of Trustees or Guardians for Infants or others under i legal Disability, or Monies of Persons of unsound Mind, which may be advantageously advanced. for the Purpose of

being employed in the permanent Improvement of the Estates (of such Infants, Persons of unsound Mind, or others under

legal Disability Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any such Trustee or Trustees (with the Consent of any Person or Persons beneficially interested, in possession, if of full Age), or Guardian or Guardians, and for the Committee or Committees of any Persons of unsound Mind, and they are hereby authorized, to apply to the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, by Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, praying that he or they may be authorized to make any such permanent Improvements of any such Lands or Hereditaments in Ireland respectively as aforesaid, by laying out and expending thereon any Sum or Sums proposed by such Petition in such Manner as therein may be mentioned and described, and in such Petition to pray that the Expences of making any such permanent Improvements may be defrayed by Advances out of any such Monies or Funds in the Hands or to the Account of such Trustees or Guardians or others as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That upon the Presentation of any such Petition as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the said Court, without requiring the Attendance of any Counsel or Solicitor, to refer it to One of the Masters of the said Court to make all necessary and proper Inquiries, and to consider all such Evidence, Estimates, and Valuations as shall be produced before him in relation to the Matter of such Petition, and thereupon to report whether in his Opinion it will be beneficial to all Persons interested in the Lands that such permanent Improvements as last aforesaid should be made under the Provisions of this Act, and whether, having; regard to the Nature of such Improvement, the Money so to be expended, or any Part thereof, should be repaid, and, if to be repaid, by any and what Instalments, and with any and what Interest, and with what Priority.

III. And be it enacted, That in proceeding under such* Order of Reference the said Master shall cause such Notice!

thereof!

1847.

463

Trust Money Investment (Ireland). Cap. 46.

thereof to be given by Advertisement or otherwise as he shall Parties, on the think fit or the Court of Chancery shall by any general or ^edTohim other Order direct, and shall hear til Parties interested in the and report on Subject Matter of such Reference who may appear before him, the same to the and shall report on the Matters so to him referred, and such raay

Report shall be filed according to the Practice of the said same.

Court, and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Court, without requiring the Attendance of any Counsel or Solicitor, upon the Petition of the Party obtaining the same, to confirm the said Report absolutely or make such Alteration therein as shall be fit, and to make an Order authorizing or permitting such permanent Improvements to be made, and the Expences of making the same, together with the Expences of obtaining the Authority of the said Court, to be accordingly advanced out of such Monies respectively aforesaid, and which Order shall be registered in the Office of the Registrar of Judgments, in like Manner and on Payment of like Fees as those upon which any Decree or Order may be registered, and that thereupon it shall be lawful for such Trustees or Guardians, or other Person or Persons to whom such Monies or Funds as aforesaid shall have been paid, or in whose Care, Custody, or Possession the same shall be and remain for the Time being in the several Cases respectively aforesaid, to advance and lay out such Monies accordingly.

IV. And be it enacted, That after such Monies shall have Master to in-been so advanced and laid out as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for quireand report such Trustees or Guardians or others from Time to Time to °"n^eue0DEx' apply to the said Court, by Petition to the Lord High Chancellor, improvements for a Reference to the said Master to ascertain that the same have as ordered, been properly expended in or about the making of such Improvements, and in paying or providing for the Expences incurred

and to be incurred of obtaining the Authority of the said Court; and that upon the said Master making his said Report, and thereby finding that such Monies or any Part thereof had been so properly expended as aforesaid, and upon the said Report being duly filed according to the Practice of the said Court, that then it shall be lawful for the said Court, without requiring the Attendance of any Counsel or Solicitor, to make an Order to confirm the said Report absolutely, and thereupon such Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians, or Committees, or other such Persons as aforesaid, shall be for ever fully released, exonerated, and discharged from all and every Liability or [Responsibility on account of or concerning any such Application of any such Trust or other Monies, or such Part thereof in respect of which such Order shall have been so made as last aforesaid, subject nevertheless to any Orders or Provisions of the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time in that Behalf made or provided.

V. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which such Advances to be Advances shall be made as last herein-before authorized, and charged on the Master shall have reported that such Advances ought to be pro"^.lm' repaid, the Lands intended to be improved by means thereof

464

Tenants for Life bound to pay Charges, &c. ordered by the Court, and maintain Works in good Condition.

After a Petition has been presented any further Application may be made by Motion, &c.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 46, 47. Trust Money Investment (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

shall, from the respective Times of making such Advances, become and be charged with the Repayment to such Trustees, Guardians, or Committees, or others for the Time being making or entitled to be repaid such Advances, of the Amount of such respective Advances, with Interest, if any, for the same, in such Manner, with such Priority, and subject to such Conditions, Provisoes, and Restrictions as the Lord Chancellor by any Order or Provision in that Behalf shall from Time to Time direct.

VI. And be it enacted, That Tenants for Life and others having only a limited Interest in the Land charged shall be bound to pay such Charges, Interest, or Instalments as may be directed by any such Order or Provision as last aforesaid, which shall from Time to Time become due and payable by them during the Continuance of their respective Estates or Interests, and shall be bound to uphold and maintain in good Order and Condition the Works on account of which the Lands shall have been so charged as aforesaid, as if such Persons respectively were Tenants for Life, subject to Impeachment for Waste; and in case such Tenants for Life and others shall not pay such Charges, Interest, and Instalments as may be directed by any such Order or Provision, at the Time when the same shall so become due and payable, such Trustees, Guardians, or Committees or others shall apply to the said Court of Chancery by Petition for the Appointment of a Receiver, to collect the Rents of such Lands until such Charges, Interests, and Instalments shall have been duly paid, and that upon such Petition it shall be lawful for the said Court to appoint such Receiver, and to make such further Order or Provision in the Premises as to the said Court may seem fit.

VII. And be it enacted, That after a Petition shall have been presented under this Act any further Application to the Court may be made by Motion, without Petition; and that the Court shall have Power to order Costs to be paid to or by any Party; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, with the Advice and Consent of the Master of the Rolls for the Time being, from Time to Time and as often as Circumstances shall require, to make and prescribe such Provisions, Rules, and Orders, either general or with respect to any particular Proceedings to be had and taken in Chancery under or for the Purposes of this Act, and the Practice to be observed by the Court in relation to such Proceedings or any Matters incident thereto, as shall from Time to Time seem necessary or expedient.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend the Law and Practice in Scotland as to the Service of Heirs.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law and Prac-c tiee in Scotland relative to the Service of Heirs May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted

465

Service of Heirs (Scotland).

Cap. 47.

enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifteenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the Practice of issuing Brieves from Chancery for the Service of Heirs shall cease, and it shall not be competent to any Person to obtain himself served Heir by virtue of any such Brieve, or otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act.

II. And be it enacted, That from and after the Date aforesaid every Person desirous of being served Heir to a Person deceased, whether in general or in special, and in whatsoever Character, shall, instead of applying, as heretofore, for a Brieve from Chancery, present a Petition of Service to the Sheriff in manner herein-after set forth.

III. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which a general Service only is intended to be carried through, such Petition shall be presented to the Sheriff of the County within which the Deceased had at the Time of his Death his ordinary or principal Domicile, or, in the Option of the Petitioner, to the Sheriff of Chancery to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, and if* the Deceased had at the Time of his Death no Domicile within Scotland, then in every such Case to the Sheriff of Chancery; and in every Case in which a special Service is intended to be carried through, such Petition shall be presented to the Sheriff within whose Jurisdiction the Lands or other Heritages are situated, or, in the Option of the Petitioner, to the Sheriff of Chancery, and in the event of the Lands or Heritages being situated in different Counties then in every such Case to the Sheriff of Chancery.

IV. And be it enacted, That such Petition shall be subscribed by the Petitioner, or by a Mandatory specially authorized for the Purpose, and shall be in the Form, or as nearly so as the Case will admit, of one or other of the Schedules (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, and shall, under the Exceptions after mentioned, set forth the Particulars which, according to the Law and Practice heretofore existing, have been in use to be set forth with reference to a Service sought to be carried through in any Claim presented to a Jury summoned under a Brieve of Inquest, and shall pray the Sheriff to serve the Petitioner accordingly: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary in such Petition to set forth in any Case the Value of the Lands, either according to new or old Extent, or the valued Kent thereof, or of whom the Lands are held, or by what Service or Tenure they are held, or in whose Hands the same have been since the Death of the Ancestor, or whether or how long the same have been in Non-entry, or that the Petitioner is of lawful Age, or that the Ancestor died at the Faith and Peace of the Sovereign; but that in setting forth the Death of the Ancestor there shall also be set forth the Date at or about which the said Death took place; and that in every Case in which the Petitioner claims to be served Heir of Provision, whether in general or special, the

From 15th Nov. 1847 the Practice of issuing Brieves from Chjim:ery for Servic e of Heirs to cease.

Services to proceed by Petition to the She riff.

Petition to be presented to Sheriff of the County t-r to the Sheriff of Chancer*.

Nature and Form of the Petition.

466

Conditions of Entail and other Conditions may be* referred to instead of being inserted at length.

Burdens, Conditions, and Limitation* may be referred to.

Cap. 47. Service of Heir s (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Deed or Deeds under which he so claims shall be distinctly specified.

V. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Special Service, where the Lands are held under a Deed of Entail, it shall be lawful and competent in such Petition of Service, and in the Decree of Service to follow thereon, and in the Precepts, Sasines, or other Instruments necessary to complete the Investiture of the Lands which shall follow on such Decree, to omit the full Insertion of the Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses of such Deed of Entail, provided such Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, shall be therein specially and directly referred to as set forth at full Length in the recorded Instrument of Sasine in favour of the deceased Person served to, or as set forth at full Length in the Deed of Entail itself, if the same shall have been recorded in the Register of Tailzies, or as set forth at full Length in any recorded Instrument of Sasine forming a Part of the Title Deeds of the Lands held under such Deed of Entail, such Reference being made in the Form or as nearly as may be in the Form shown in Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed; and the Reference thus made to such Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, shall be held legally equivalent to the full Insertion thereof, and shall to all Intents, and in all Questions whatever, whether inter hceredes or with Third Parties, have the same legal Effect as if the same had been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in the recorded Deed or Instrument referred to, notwithstanding of any Injunction to the contrary contained in such Deed of Entail, and notwithstanding of any Law or Practice to the contrary, and notwithstanding the Enactments or Provisions to the contrary contained in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland made in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled Act concerning Tailzies, or in any other Act or Acts of the Parliament of Scotland or of Great Britain now in force, all which are hereby repealed to the Extent of making this Enactment operative, but no further.

VI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Special Service, where the Lands are held under any Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations whatsoever appointed to be fully inserted in the Investitures of such Lands, it shall, notwithstanding such Appointment, and notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary now existing, be lawful and competent in the Petition of Service, and in the Decree of Service to follow thereon, and in the Precepts, Sasines, or other Instruments necessary to complete the Investiture which shall follow on such Decree, to omit the full Insertion of such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations; provided such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall be therein specially and directly referred to as set forth at full Length in the recorded Instrument of Sasine in favour of the deceased Person served to, or as set forth at full Length in the recorded Instrument of Sasine or of Resignation ad remanen-tiam of the said Lands in which the same were first inserted, or

V.

467

1847. Service of Heirs (Scotland). Cap. 47.

in any other intermediate recorded Instrument of Sasine, such Reference being made in the Form or as near as may be in the Form shown in Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed; and the Reference thus made to Such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall be held as legally equivalentto the lull Insertion thereof, and to all Intents and in all Questions whatever, whether with the Disponer or Superior or Third Parties, shall have the same legal Effect as if the same had been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in the recorded Instrument referred to, notwithstanding any Law or Practice or any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary, all which are hereby repealed to the Extent of making this Enactment operative, but no further,

VII. And be it enacted, That when any such Petition shall be presented to the Sheriff of any County the Service shall not proceed until Publication shall be made in such County, nor until the Sheriff Clerk of the County shall have received from the Sheriff Clerk of Chancery official Notice that Publication has been made edictally in Edinburgh; and when such Petition shall be presented to the Sheriff of Chancery the Service shall not proceed until Publication shall have been made edictally in Edinburgh, nor until the Sheriff Clerk of Chancery shall have received official Notice that Publication has been made in the County of the Domicile of the Party deceased, or the County or Counties in which the Lands are situated, as the Case may be; and the edictal Publication in Edinburgh shall be at the Office of the Keeper of Edictal Citations in the General Register Office, and in the same Mode and Form as in Edictal Citations; and in the County of the Domicile, and in the County or Counties where the Lands are situated, by affixing on the Doors of the Court-house, or in some conspicuous Place of the Court, or of the Office of the Sheriff Clerk, as the Sheriff may direct, a short Abstract of the Petition, and there shall be no farther Publication; and the Form of such Abstract, and the Mode or Porm of the official Notice of such Publications, shall be fixed and declared by the Court of Session, in virtue of the Powers Herein-after mentioned.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff Clerk of Chancery to be appointed in virtue of this Act, and the Sheriff Clerks of each County, shall be bound to receive any Caveat against any Petition of Service to be presented to them respectively, and on the Receipt of the Petition of Service referred to in the Caveat, or of any official Notice of any such Petition which may be communicated to such Sheriff Clerk of Chancery or such Sheriff Clerks respectively, such Sheriff Clerk of Chancery or Sheriff Clerks shall within Twenty-four Hours thereafter write and put into the Post Office a Notice of such Petition, addressed either to the Agent by whom or to the Person on whose Behalf the Caveat is entered, according to the Name and Address which shall be stated in such Caveat, the Clerk receiving therefor a EToe for his own Use of such Amount as shall be fixed by Act >f Sederunt as aforesaid.

Services not to proceed till Publication be made.

Caveats to be received.

Petition of Service to be equivalent to a Brieve and Claim.

Procedure before the Sheriff, and the Effect of Ins Judgment.

Competing Petition may be presented, and Sheriff ', after

Cap. 47. Service of Heirs (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

IX. And be it enacted, That a Petition of Service so presented shall, after Expiration of the Period herein-after mentioned, be equivalent to and have the full legal Effect of a Brieve of Service duly executed, and of a Claim duly presented to the Inquest, according to the Law and Practice heretofore existing; and every Petition of Service, without further Publication than is herein provided and may be directed by Act of Sederunt, shall be held as duly published to all Parties interested, and the Decree to follow upon such Petition shall not be questionable or reducible upon the Ground of Omission or Inaccuracy in the Observance by any Officer or official Person of any of the Forms or Proceedings herein prescribed or which shall be prescribed by Act of Sederunt made in relation to such Petitions of Service.

X. And be it enacted, That in regard to all Petitions of Service presented to the Sheriff of Chancery or to the Sheriff of a County respectively where the Deceased died in Scotland, no Evidence shall be led, nor Decree pronounced thereon by such Sheriff, until after the Lapse of Fifteen Days from the Date of the latest Publication, or where Publication is to be made in Orkney or Shetland, or the Petition is presented to the Sheriff of Orkney or Shetland, until after the Lapse of Thirty Days from such Date, and in regard to all Petitions of Service to be presented to the Sheriff of Chancery where the Deceased died abroad, no Evidence shall be taken nor Decree pronounced thereon by him until after the Lapse of Thirty Days from the Date of Publication in Edinburgh; and it shall be lawful, after the Lapse of the Times respectively above mentioned, to the Sheriff to whom such Petition of Service shall have been presented, by himself or by the Provost or any of the Bailies of any City or Royal Burgh, who is hereby authorized to act as Commissioner of such Sheriff without special Appointment, or by any Commissioner wkon\ such Sheriff may appoint, to receive all such Evidence, documentary and parole, as according to the Law and Practice heretofore existing might competently be laid before the Jury summoned under the Brieve of Inquest, and any parole Evidence so received shall be taken down in Writing according to the existing Practice in the Sheriff Courts of Scotland, and a full and complete Inventory of the Documents produced shall be made out, and shall be certified by the Sheriff or his Commissioner aforesaid; and on considering the said Evidence the Sheriff shall, without the Aid of a Jury, pronounce Judgment, serving the Petitioner in Terms of the Petition, in whole or in part, or refusing to serve the said Petitioner, and dismissing the Petition, in whole or in part, as shall be just; and the said Judgment shall be equivalent to and have the full legal Effect of the Verdict of the Jury under the Brieve of Inquest according to the Law and Practice heretofore existing.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to any Person who may conceive that he has Bight to be served preferable to that of the Person petitioning the Sheriff' as aforesaid, also to present

1847. Service of Heirs (Scotland.) Cap. 47.

present a Petition of Service to the Sheriff in manner and to the Effect aforesaid, and which shall be proceeded with in manner herein-before directed; and it shall be lawful to the Sheriff, if he shall see Cause, to sist Procedure on the first Petition in the meantime, and to conjoin the said Petitions, and thereafter to proceed to take Evidence in manner herein-before directed, allowing to each of the Parties not only a Proof in chief with reference to his own Claim but a conjunct Probation with reference to the Claim of such other Parties; and the Sheriff shall, after receiving the Evidence, pronounce Judgment on the said Petitions, serving or refusing to serve as may be just, and shall at the same Time dispose of the Matter of Expences.

XII. And be it enacted, That on the Application of the Petitioner in whose Favour a Judgment shall have been pronounced by the Sheriff as aforesaid the Sheriff Clerk shall forthwith transmit to the Office of the Director of Chancery the Petition on which such Judgment was pronounced, together with such Judgment, the Proof taken down in Writing as aforesaid, and the Inventories of written Documents made up and certified as aforesaid, and also any other Parts or Steps of the Process, excepting any original Documents or Extracts of recorded Writs produced therewith, which after Judgment is pronounced shall be returned, on Demand, to the Parties producing the same; and on the Proceedings being so transmitted to Chancery such Judgment shall be recorded by the Director of Chancery, or his Depute, in the Manner and Form to be directed or approved of from Time to Time by the Lord Clerk Register; and on such Judgment being so recorded the Director of Chancery, or his Depute, shall prepare an authenticated Extract thereof, and transmit the same without Delay, and without Charge or Expence against the Party in respect of the Transmission and Retransmission, to the Sheriff Clerk of the County, to be by him delivered to the Party or his Agent in the Sheriff Court; and such Proceedings and Judgment shall, both prior and subsequent to the said Transmission, be at all Times patent and open to Inspection in the Office of the Sheriff' Clerk and of the Director of Chancery respectively; and certified Copies shall be given to any Party demanding the same, on Payment of such Fees as shall be fixed as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Decree of Service so ecorded and extracted shall have the full legal Effect of a Service duly retoured to Chancery, and shall be equivalent to the Ftetour of a Service under the Brieve of Inquest according to he Law and Practice heretofore existing; and the Extract of mch Decree, or any second or later Extract thereof, under the land of the proper Officer entitled to make such Extracts for be Time, shall be equivalent to and have the full legal Effect f the certified Extract of the Retour now in use according to he existing Law and Practice; and the Decree of Service so ecorded and extracted shall not be liable to Challenge, nor be ot aside, except by a Process of Reduction to be brought before

469

receiving Evidence, give Judgment.

Recording and Extract of Judgment

The Extract Decree to be equivalent to an Extract Retour.

470 Cap. 47. Service of Heirs (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

the Court of Session as heretofore in use with regard to Services duly retoured to Chancery.

Transmission of

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Book or Books in Chan-R words. eery; n which 6UCh Decree shall be recorded as aforesaid shall be issued under the Direction and Authority of the Lord Clerk Register, for which no more than the prime Cost shall be charged; and it shall not be lawful for the Director of Chancery to use any other Book or Books in framing the said Records; and the said Book or Books shall jbe intituled " The Record of Services," and shall have an Index or Abridgment connected therewith, to be prepared in Chancery in the Form and Manner to be pointed out or approved of by the Lord Clerk Register; and such Index shall be completed as soon as possible after the End of* each Year, and shall be printed and published, and printed Copies thereof shall be distributed and disposed of in such Manner as shall be directed or approved of by the Lord Clerk Register; provided always, that if a more general Distribution or Publication of such Index or Abridgment other than to the official Individuals to be fixed by the Lord Clerk Register shall be made, then and in that Case Copies of the Index or Abridgment aforesaid shall be sold to the Public at the lowest Rate which will defray the Expence of printing the same, and an Account of the Sums to be received shall be exhibited by the Director of Chancery, and be examined and audited along with his other Accounts; and such Index or Abridgment shall be so prepared, printed, and distributed at latest by the First Day of July in each Year, beginning with the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and the said Record of Services and other Proceedings shall be at all Times patent and open to Inspection in the Office of Chancery, on Payment of such a Fee as shall be regulated by Act of Sederunt, and Extracts from the said Record, or certified Copies of the said Proceedings, shall be given to any one demanding the same, on Payment of such Fees as shall be fixed by Act of Sederunt, by virtue of the Powers herein conferred; and the Director of Chancery shall have the Power and is hereby required to direct and regulate the Sheriff Clerks in the several Counties and the Sheriff Clerk of Chancery in regard to the Manner of arranging and transmitting the Petitions of Service and Procedure thereon, and also to prepare and ftirnish to the Sheriff Clerks of the several Counties the requisite printed Forms of the Intimations to be sent by them through the Post Office to the Sheriff* Clerk of Chancery when Petitions of Service shall be presented in their respective Courts, or when they shall have received Notice to publish Petitions that have been presented to the Sheriff* of Chancery.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Amount of the Remunera-munereted for ^on *° ^e Clerks of Chancery for keeping tin Record of Ser-keeping Regis- vices, and arranging the Warrants, and preparing the Indexes u. &t\ by Act and Abridgments, shall be fixed by Act of Sederunt, to be of Sederunt. made by the Lords of Council and Session in virtue of the

Powers

1847.

Service of Heirs (Scotland). Cap. 47. 471

Powers herein conferred; and such Remuneration, together with the Expence of printing the Index or Abridgment aforesaid, shall be paid from the Fees collected in the Office of Chancery, and an Account thereof shall be exhibited by the Director of Chancery, and be examined and audited along with his other Accounts.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be entitled to No Person en-appear and oppose a Service proceeding before the Sheriff in ^rvice^ho6 Terms of this Act who could not competently appear and could not appear oppose such Service proceeding under the Brieve of Inquest against a Brieve according to the Law and Practice heretofore existing; and all of Inquest* Objections shall be presented in Writing, and shall forthwith be disposed of in a summary Manner by the Sheriff; but without Prejudice to the Sheriff, if he see Cause, allowing Parties to be heard vivA voce thereon.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which there Proceedings are competing Petitions conjoined as aforesaid, or in which any Person has competently appeared to oppose any Petition of or ury Service presented to the Sheriff in Terms of this Act, it shall be competent to such of the Parties as may conceive the Case proper to be disposed of by Jury Trial, at any Time before the Proof is begun to be taken by the Sheriff in manner before provided, to present a Note of Advocation to the Court of Session praying the Court to advocate the Proceedings in order that the Case may be tried by a Jury, which Note of Advocation shall be proceeded with in like Manner with Notes of Advocation presented with a view to Jury Trial against Judgments of the Sheriff Courts of Scotland according to the existing Practice, and such Judgment shall be pronounced on the said Note of Advocation as shall be just; and in the event of its appearing proper that the Case should be tried by a Jury, the Lord President of either of the Two Divisions of the said Court, or such other of the Lords of Session as the Court may appoint, or as may be arranged by the Lord President of the Division, shall be the Judge at the Trial and preside thereat in like Manner as is done according to the existing Practice in Trials by Jury, and the Jury shall be chosen and summoned in like Manner as on such Trials; and the Verdict to be returned by the Jury shall be equally final and conclusive with the Verdicts at present returned in Trials by Jury in the said Court, but with all and the like Remedies by Bill of Exceptions, Motion for new Trial, or otherwise at present competent: Provided always, that in every Case in which the Jury shall find a Verdict in favour of x Party petitioning to be served the Court shall, at the same Time with applying such Verdict, remit to the Sheriff from *vhom the Case was advocated, with Instructions to pronounce x Decree serving the said Party in Terms of this Act, which Decree may thereafter be extracted, and the Extract thereof e corded and given out in manner and to the Effect before provided.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which the Where Sheriff Sheriff has refused to serve a Petitioner, or dismissed his Petition,

or judgment may or repelled the Objection of an opposing Party, it shall be lawful be reviewed. prjno- the said Judgment under Review by Note of Advocation

presented to the Court of Session: Provided always, that such Note shall be presented within Fifteen, or, where the Proceedings have been taken in the Courts of Orkney or Shetland, Thirty Days from the Date of the said Judgment; and that where the Judgment has been pronounced after Opposition duly entered or in competition, such Note shall be intimated to the opposite Party, and a Bond of Caution for Expences be lodged with the Sheriff Clerk, in like Manner and under the same Regulations as in the Case of Advocations of final Judgments of the Sheriff Courts of Scotland according to the presently existing Practice, and such Note shall be proceeded with in like Manner with the Notes of Advocation against final Judgments aforesaid; and it shall be competent to the said Court, if it shall appear necessary for the right Determination of the Case, to allow further or additional Evidence to be taken, or to remit to the Sheriff to take the same, or to appoint the Case, or special Issues therein, to be tried by a Jury in maimer and to the Effect and with all and the like Remedies as are before provided, and such Judgment shall be pronounced on such Note of Advocation as shall be just: Provided always, that in every Case in which the Sheriff has refused to serve but in which the Court of Session shall be of opinion that the Party ought to be served, a Remit shall be made to the Sheriff with Instructions to pronounce a Decree serving the said Party in Terms of this Act, which Decree may be thereafter recorded and extracted in manner and to the Effect before provided: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice the Right of any Person whose Petition of Service shall be refused without any opposing or competing Party having appeared and been heard on the Merits of the Competition to present a new Petition at any Time thereafter, or the Right of either Party in any of the Proceedings hereby authorized in the Court of the Sheriff to bring under Challenge whatever Judgment maybe pronounced therein, by Process of Reduction before the Court of Session on any competent Ground.

Procedure when NIX. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which a a i- reeot y- Process of Reduction of any Decree of Service shall lie brought before the Court of Session it shall be competent to the said tion. Court, if it shall appear necessary for the right Determination

of the Case, either to allow further or additional Evidence to be taken in such Manner as may appear proper, or to appoint the Case, or special Issues therein, to be tried by a Jury; and such Jury Trial shall proceed in the same Manner and to the like Effect and with all and the like Remedies as are before provided in regard to Jury Trials under Notes of Advocation, and such Judgment shall be pronounced in the said Process as shall be just: Provided always, that wherever the Judgment of the Sheriff brought under Reduction has proceeded on competing* Petitions conjoined as aforesaid, and the Court of Session shall determine that a different Person should be served from the

he Person preferred by the Sheriff, a Remit shall be made to he Sheriff, with Instructions to pronounce a Decree serving the aid Person in Terms of this Act, which Decree may be there-fter recorded, and an Extract thereof given out in manner and o the Effect before provided; and in any Case of Reduction >f a Service the Judgment shall be conclusive, as between the ^arties to the Suit, against the Party whose Service is reduced, md shall have the same Effect as if the Action had contained a Conclusion of Declarator that the Party served was not entitled o be served in the Character claimed, and Judgment had been >ronounced in Terms of that Conclusion.

XX. And be it enacted, That all Proceedings authorized by he present Act to be taken in the Court of Session shall com-nence and be carried on in the same Manner with the same Description of Proceedings in ordinary Civil Cases, and any Tudgment pronounced by the Lord Ordinary therein may be >rought under Review of the Inner House by Reclaiming Note n like Manner as in such Cases, and all Judgments to be pro-lounced by the Court of Session in Terms of this Act shall be equally final and conclusive as the Judgments pronounced by he said Court in ordinary Civil Cases, and shall not be liable o Review by Reduction or otherwise, save and except to such Extent and Effect as Judgments by the said Court in ordinary Eivil Cases are so liable: Provided always, that it shall be com->etent to appeal against the said Judgments to the House of Lords in like Manner as against Judgments of the Court in >rdinary Civil Cases aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of completing he feudal Title of the Heir so served, but of such Heir only, rvery Decree of special Service shall contain a Precept of Basine, and such Decree, being recorded and extracted as aforesaid, shall to all Intents and Purposes, unless and until reduced, >e held equivalent to and have the full legal Operation and Effect of a Disposition in ordinary Form granted by the Party ieceased being last infeft of the Lands contained in such Service; o and in favour of the Heir so served, and to his other Heirs ind Successors entitled to succeed under the Destination of the Lands contained in the Deceased's Investiture thereof, but mder the whole Conditions and Qualifications of such Investi-; ure as set forth or referred to in such extracted Decree of special Service, containing Obligation to infeft by Two several [nfeftments and Manners of holding, one thereof to be holden >f the Deceased and his Heirs in Free Blench for Payment of a Penny Scots in Name of Blench Farm at Whitsunday yearly, jpon the Ground of the said Lands, if asked only, and freeing md relieving the Deceased and his Heirs of all Feu Duties and Services exigible out of the said Lands by their immediate awful Superiors thereof, and the other of the said Infeftments o be holden from the Deceased and his Heirs of and under their mmediate lawful Superiors in the same Manner that the Deceased, his Predecessors and Authors, held or might have lolden the same, and that by Confirmation, with Assignation

to

473

Effect of the Decree of Reduction.

Forms and Effect of Procedure in the Court of Session.

A Decree of special Service, besides operating as a Retour, shall have the Operation and Effect of a Disposition from the Deceased to his Heirs.

Cap. 47. Service of Heirs (Scotland). 10 & 11 VICT

to the whole Writs and Rents of the Lands, and Precept of Sasine for infefting the Party served and his Successors in the Lands, all in common Form; and in order that such Sasine may be so taken by and the feudal Title be completed in the Person of the Heir so serving, it shall be lawful and competent for him to use such Decree of special Service in the same Manner and to the same Effect as if such Decree were actually a Disposition of the Nature above mentioned, and in particular he shall be entitled to obtain Infeftment in the said Lands in virtue of the Precept of Sasine in such Decree of special Service, any Notary Public to whom such extracted Decree may be presented being hereby authorized to give Infeftment in virtue thereof accordingly, which Infeftment may be in the Form given in the Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, and shall, with such Decree of special Service, form as effectual an Investiture in the said Lands, holding Base of the Deceased and his Heirs, until Confirmation thereof shall be granted by the Deceased's Superior or his Successors, as if such Investiture had been created by a Disposition from the Deceased as aforesaid, with an Infeftment passed on the Precept of Sasine therein contained; but such Service shall not be transmissible for the Purpose of infefting in manner and to the Effect aforesaid the Heir or Assignee of the Person so served: Provided always, that such Decree and Sasine, notwithstanding of any Prohibition against Sub-infeudation or alternative Holding contained in the Charter or Contract or other Deed by which the Vassal's Right is constituted, shall form a valid feudal Investiture in favour of such Heir, without Prejudice to the Right of the Superior to require such Heir to enter forthwith as accords of Law, and to deal otherwise with such Heir as a Vassal unentered.

The Deceased's

XXII. And be it enacted, That such Decree of Special Incapacity to be Service shall have the full Effect and Operation aforesaid, m> Hindrance, although the Deceased should have died in Nonage, or been of insane Mind, or laboured under any other Disability whatever, and as if a Disposition in the Terms aforesaid had been granted by the Party deceased when of full Age and Capacity to grant it.

a Special Ser-

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Decree of Special v|cenot tomfcr gervice to be obtained in virtue of this Act shall operate or be presentation* held as equivalent to or as implying a General Service to the either active or Deceased in the same Character, except as to the particular passive Lands and other Heritages thereby embraced; and every such

Decree of Special Service shall infer only, a limited passive Representation of the Deceased, and the Person thereby served as Heir shall be liable for the Deceased's Debts and Deeds only to the Extent or Value of the Lands and other Heritages embraced by such Special Service and no farther.

Heir of Line or

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in any Petition for Special HtUio^forGay ^erv*ce as Heir of Line or Heir Male it shall be competent to nend*Service. the Petitioner to pray for General Service in the same Character, and Decree may be pronounced in Terms of such Prayer

as

C.

475

Service of Heirs (Scotland). Cap. 47.

as well as for Special Service; and no farther Notice or Publication of the Petition of Service shall in such Case be necessary than is hereby required for such Petition of Special Service.

XXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Fifteenth A General Ser-

Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven a^ii^fo^and it shall be lawful for any Person presenting a Petition for obtained °toT General Service to a deceased Person to state in such Petition, limited Effect in the Form, as nearly as the Case will admit, pointed out in a

Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed, that he desires the Effect P<?C1 caion' thereof to be limited to certain Lands or other Heritages which belonged to the Deceased, and which shall be embraced in a particular Specification thereof, to be annexed to such Petition for General Service, which Specification shall be in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, given in the said Schedule (D.), and shall be subscribed by the Petitioner or his Mandar tory; and in preparing an Abstract of such Petition for Insertion in the Minute Book of the Court in which it shall be presented, and for Publication, it shall be described as a Petition for General Service, with Specification annexed; and the Sheriff to whom such Petition for General Service, with a Specification annexed, shall be presented, in pronouncing Decree of Service on such Petition shall make reference to the Specification an-oexed' thereto, and shall limit such Decree of Service to the Lands and other Heritages described in the said Specification, and the Effect of such Decree shall accordingly be taken and held in Law as so limited; and a Copy of such Specification hall be embodied in the Extract of the said Decree, and shall be signed by the Sheriff Clerk, and recorded as Part thereof; md every such Decree of General Service, with Specification and it shall infer mnexed, shall infer only a limited passive Representation of the Deceased, and the Person thereby served as Heir shall be liable Station. P or the Deceased's Debts and Deeds only to the Extent or Value of the Lands or other Heritages contained in the relative Specification.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Precepts of hall in any way affect the Law or Practice presently existing ^Entrie^1 in regard to the Entry of Heirs by Precept of Clare constat, more burgi to >r the Service and Entry of Heirs more burgi, in Burghs, in remain un Tenements holden in Burgage, or by any similar Mode of affected-Tenure known and effectual in Law.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff of Chancery jurisdiction o« hall have and possess such and the like Authority and Juris- the Sheriff of fiction to entertain, try, and adjudicate, but in the Manner Chancery' prescribed and directed by this Act, all Questions of and relat-

ng to the Service of Heirs, as any Sheriff or Judge Ordinary row has and possesses in any Case competent before such Sheriff or Judge Ordinary, or in any Case competent before the Sheriff of Edinburgh acting on Special Commission; and tuch Sheriff of Chancery and his Substitute shall hold their Courts in any Court Room within the Parliament or new Session House of Edinburgh which may be assigned by the

Lords

47G

Cap. 47.

Service of Heirs (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Power to the Court of Session to pass Acts of Sederunt.

Lords of Session for that Purpose, or in which the Sheriff of Edinburgh is in use to sit for the Trial of any Brieve,

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the said Court of Session and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time to pass such Acts of Sederunt as shall be necessary or proper for regulating in all respects the Proceedings under this Act before the Sheriff of Chancery or Sheriffs of Counties, and following out the Purposes of this Act; and the Fees to be paid in respect of any of the Proceedings to be taken in virtue hereof, and also the Charges to be made by Agents and Solicitors, whether in the Inferior Court or Court of Session, for any Proceedings under this Act, shall be audited and taxed in the same Manner as Charges for other judicial Proceedings in the said Courts respectively are audited and taxed.

Appointment of

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Sheriff of Chan- Majesty from Time to Time to appoint a fit. Person, being a Person qualified for the Office of Sheriff of a County in Scotland, to be the Sheriff of Chancery for the Purposes of this Act, and also to appoint a fit Person to act both as Sheriff Clerk of Chancery and as Clerk to the Presenter of Signatures in Exchequer.

Sheriff of Chan-

XXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sheriff

cory, if required, of Chancery shall, when authorized and required by the Lord DuUes'of^Pre Justice General and President of the Court of Session, discharge the Duties at present or which may hereafter be attached to the Office of Presenter of Signatures, or any Part of these Duties, and that during such Part of the Year as may be required of him.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful and competent for Agents qualified to practise before the Court of Session or before any Sheriff* Court to practise before the Sheriff of Chancery as wellas in the ordinary Sheriff Courts in Petitions of Service.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff of Chancery and Sheriff Clerk of Chancery shall respectively receive such Salaries in respect of their Offices as shall be from Time to Time fixed by the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the said United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, and such Salaries shall be payable out of the Fees receivable in the Office of Chancer}, and form a Part of the incidental Expences of the said Office, and shall be stated and audited in the public Accounts of the Director and Clerks of Chancery.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Vacancy shall occur in the Office of Sheriff* of Chancery it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to regulate the Salary of the Sheriff of Chancery as the then Circumstances of the Office may require.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who conceives that he is entitled to Compensation for

Loss

sen ter of Signatures.

Agents may practise before Sheriff Courts.

Payment of the Sheriff* ami Sheriff Clerk of Chancery.

Salary to be regulated by the Commissioners of the Treasury on Vacancy.

Compensation, liow to be applied for.

47

Serrice of Jlri/s [Smtlmvi). Cap. 47.

Loss to be suffered through the Operation of tills Act to nukke< Application to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, claiming such Compensation; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to investigate such Claim, and call for such Evidence in relation thereto as he or they may think necessary: and upon such Claim being established to his or their Satisfaction the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to award to such Person such Compensation as lie or they shall think him entitled to, either by the Payment of a gross Sum or by way of Annuity, as lie or they shall think proper: Provided always, that a Copy of every such Award for Compensation shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Ten Days from the Date thereof, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not, then within Ten Days after the Commencement of the Session next ensuing, and no such Award shall be final and conclusive until Two Months after the same shall have been so laid before Parliament; pr< -vided also, that if any Person to whom Compensation shall be so awarded by way of Annuity shall be afterwards appointed to any other public Office, such Compensation shall be accounted pro tanto of the Salary payable to such Person in respect of such other Office while lie shall continue to hold the same.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the several Compensa- Compensation, tions which may be awarded under the Authority of this Act howtobepaid. shall be payable and paid out of the Monies which by the Acts of the Seventh and Tenth Years <4* the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne were made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, or Exchequer in Scotland.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the following Words Interpretation

and Expressions in this Act shall have the several Meanings Act *

hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the

Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to

»y.)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word "Month" shall mean Calendar Month:

The Word "Lands" shall extend to and include Teinds,

Fishings, Patronages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Heritages of every Description, and generally all Bights and Subjects which may competently be taken up by General or Special Sen ice:

The Word "Sheriff'' shall include Sheriff Substitutes and the Sheriff of Chancery appointed in virtue of this Act, and the Presenter of Signatures acting as his Substitute.

478

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 47. Service of Heirs (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Petition of General Service.

Unto the Honourable the Sheriff of [specify the County, or say " of Chancery, "] the Petition of A.B., [here name and

design the Petitioner,]

Humbly showeth,

That the late C. D.

[here name and design the Ancestor to whom Service is sought] died on or about the Day

of, and had, at the Time of his Death, his ordinary

or principal Domicile in the County of [or furth of Scotland, as the Case may be].

That the Petitioner is the eldest Son and nearest lawful Heir [or state what other Relationship or Character of Heir the Party bears, and if the Service is as lhir of Provision, say," nearest lawful Heir of Provision, under and by virtue of a Deed executed by E, F., dated the Day of *]

in General of the said C. D.

May it therefore please your Lordship to serve the Petitioner nearest and lawful Heir in General to the said C. D.

[or whatever other Character of Heir is sought to be established here set it forth].

According to Justice, Sfc,

(Signed by the Petitioner or his Mandatory,)

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Petition of Special Service.

Unto the Honourable the Sheriff of [specify the County, or say " of Chancery, "] the Petition of A.B., [here name and design the Petitioner,]

Humbly showeth,

That the late C, D, [here name and design the Ancestor] died on or about the Day of last, vest and

seised in [here describe the Lands or Subjects with reference to which the Service is sought] conform to Charter, [or Disposition or Precept of Clare constat, or whatever else was the Deed on which the Ancestor's Infeftment proceeded here specify *'£] dated the Day of, and to Instrument of

Sasine following thereon, recorded in the Register

of Sasines, at the Day of

That the Petitioner is the eldest Son and nearest lawful Heir [or state what other Relationship or Character the Party bears,

and

1847. Service of Heirs (Scotland). Cap. 47.

and if the Servide is as Heir of Provision, say," nearest lawful Heir of Provision," or " of Tailzie and Provision"] in Special of the said C.D. in the Lands and others foresaid.

{If it is wished to embrace a Service in General where the Service in Special is as Heir of Line or Heir Male, say " That the Petitioner is likewise Heir in General [or Heir Male in General] of the said C.D.," and at the End of the Prayer add," and likewise as Heir in General [or Heir Male in General] of the said C.D.")

May it therefore please your Lordship to serve the Petitioner nearest and lawful Heir in Special of the said deceased C.D. in the Lands and others above described [or whatever else is the Character of Heir sought to be established here set it forth as above].

According to Justice, &c.

(Signed by the Petitioner or his Mandatory.)

Note. — When the Lands are held under a Deed of Entail, here add u But always with and under the Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, contained in a Deed of Entail granted by G.H.

[here name and design the Granter] on the Day of in favour of I. K. and the

Heirs [here insert the whole Destination of the Entail], and which Conditions and Provisions, and Clauses prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive, are herein referred to, as at Length set forth in the said Deed of Entail, which is recorded in the Register of Entails on the Day of [or as at Length set forth

in the above-mentioned registered Sasine in favour of the Deceased, or as at Length set forth in any other Instrument of Sasine duly registered," or, if the Petitioner prefer it, he may here fully insert them.] And where thei; e are any Real Burdens, Restrictions, or Qualifications of any Kind, either proper to be inserted or referred to, insert them here, or refer to them as at Length set forth in the registered Sasine of the Deceased, or in some previous Instrument of Sasine duly registered.

When there is an Entail, say at the End of the Prayer of the Petition," But always under the Conditions, Provisions, Restrictions, Clauses prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive, and others above referred to or above written and where there are Real Burdens, &c., say," But always with and under the Real Burdens, &c. above referred to or above written."

SCHEDULE (C.)

CO

Form of an Instrument of Sasine on an Extract Decree of Special Service.

At there was [by or] on behalf of A.B.

[here

ftate the Herds Name and Designation] presented to me. Notary Public, subscribing an Extract Decree of Special Service >btained before the Sheriff of [or the Sheriff of

Chancery], on the [here insert the Date of the Decree], whereby he said Sheriff found that the late C.D.

[here name and design he Ancestor] died last vest and seised as of Fee in [here describe

Cap. 47, 48. Service of Heirs (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

the Lands or other Subjects], and that the said A.B. is the nearest and lawful Heir in Special of the said deceased C.D. in the Lands and others aforesaid [or whatever else is the Character of Heir mentioned in the Decree here set it forth; and if there is an Entail, , fyc. c., add the qualifying Words as in the Decree,] and which Extract Decree of Special Service contains a Precept of Sasine in the following Terms, videlicet [here insert the Precept verbatim]. In virtue of which Precept I hereby give Sasine to the said A.B. of the Lands and others above described. In witness whereof I have subscribed these Presents written on this and the preceding Pages by E.F., my

Clerk, before these Witnesses, the said E.F. and G.H. my Apprentice.

E.F., Witness.

G.H., Witness. (Signed) L.K.> Notary Public.

Note. — When the Lands are held under a Deed of Entail, or when there are Real Burdens, Restrictions, Reservations, or other Qualifications, insert or refer to them as in the Decree.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Forms for a General Service where it is to be limited in its Effects by a Specification annexed.

00

The Petition will be in the Form of Schedule (A.), adding at the Close of the Statement of the Petitioner," But the Petitioner desires that his General Service shall be limited to the Contents of the Specification annexed;" and adding at the Close of the Prayer of Petition," but under Limitation as aforesaid to the Contents of the Specification annexed."

(2.)

Specification of the Lands and other Heritages which belonged to the deceased C.D. referred to in the Petition for General Service presented to the Sheriff of by A.B. as

Heir of in General to the said deceased C. D.

[Here insert a Description of the Lands and other Heritages intended to be included in the Service, distinguishing each separate Property or Heritage, if there are more than One, by a separate Number.]

(Signed by the Petitioner or his Mandatory.)

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to facilitate the Transference of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland not held in Burgage Tenure.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to facilitate the Transference 7 of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland, and to render the same less expensive, and for that Purpose to amend the

Law

481

1847. Transference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48.

Law of Scotland relative thereto: May it therefore please ' Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Dispositions and Conveyances and other Deeds and Instruments necessary for the Transmission of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland not held Burgage, in which all or any of the following Clauses are necessarily or usually inserted, (videlicet,) a Clause declaring the Term of Entry, a Clause of Obligation to infeft, a Procuratory of Resignation, a Clause of Assignation of Writs and Evidents, a Clause of Assignation of Rents, a Clause of Obligation to free and relieve of Feu Duties and Casualties due to the Superior, and of public Burdens, a Clause of Warrandice, a Clause of Registration for Preservation, or for Preservation and Execution, and a Precept of Sasine, it shall be lawful and competent to insert all or any of such Clauses in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, set forth in Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed; and all or any of such Clauses, if so inserted in any such Disposition or Conveyance or other Deed or Instrument, shall be as valid, effectual, and operative to all Intents, Effects, and Purposes as if they had been expressed in the fuller Mode or Form now generally in use.

II. And be it enacted, That the Clause of Obligation to infeft, if the Clause shall be limited to an Obligation to infeft a me only, shall be held to imply an Obligation on the Disponer to infeft the Disponee and his Heirs and Assignees in the Subjects conveyed upon their own Expences, to be holden from the Disponer and his Heirs and Successors of and under their mmediate lawful Superiors in the same Manner as the Disponer aimself, or his Predecessors or Authors, held, hold, or might lave holden the same, and that either by Resignation or Confirmation, or both, the one without Prejudice of the other; and :he Obligation to infeft, if granted to be holden a me vel de me, shall be held to imply an Obligation on the Disponer to infeft the Disponee and his Heirs and Successors upon their own Expences by Two several Infeftments and Manners of holding, me thereof to be holden of the Disponer and his Heirs and Successors in Free Blench for Payment of a Penny Scots in Name of Blench Farm at Whitsunday yearly upon the Ground if the Lands, if asked only, and freeing and relieving him and :hem of all Feu Duties, and other Duties and Services exigible mt of the said Lands and others, by their immediate lawful Superiors thereof, and the other of the said Infeftments to be lolden from the Granter and his foresaids of and under their said immediate lawful Superiors in the same Manner as the jrranter, or his Predecessors or Authors, held, hold, or might lave holden the same, and that either by Resignation or Con-irmation, or both, the one without Prejudice of the other.

III. And be it enacted, That the Clause for resigning the Lands shall be held and taken to be equivalent to a Procuratory

In Conveyances of Land, &c. certain Clauses may be inserted in the short Forms given in Schedule (A.)

Explanation of the Import of the Clause of Obligation to infeft.

Explanation of the Import of other Clauses in Schedule (A.)

482 Cap. 48. Transference of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11VICT

of Resignation in the Terms now in use, and in the Case of Conveyances by a Vassal to his Superior as equivalent to a Pro* curatory of Resignation ad reinanentiam; and the Clause of Assignation of Writs and Evidents, unless specially qualified, shall be held to import an absolute and unconditional Assign* ation to such Writs and Evidents, and to all open Procuratories and Precepts therein contained to which the Disponer has Right; and the Clause of Assignation of Rents, unless specially qualified, shall be held to import Assignation to the Rents to become due for the Possession following the Term of Entry, according to the legal and not the conventional Terms, unless in the Case of forehand Rents, in which Case it shall be held to import an Assignation to the Rents payable at the conventional Terms subsequent to the Date of Entry; and the Clause of Warrandice, unless specially qualified, shall be held to imply absolute Warrandice as regards the Lands, and Writs and Evidents, and Warrandice from Fact and Deed as regards the Rents; and the Obligation to free and relieve from Feu Duties, Casualties, and public Burdens, unless specially qualified, shall be held to import an-Obligation to relieve of all Feu Duties or other Duties and Services or Casualties payable to the Superior, and of all public, parochial, and local Burdens due from or on account of the said Lands, prior to the Date of Entry; and the Clause of Consent to Registration, unless specially qualified, shall import a Consent to Registration and a Procuratory of Registration in the Books of Council and Session, or other Judges Books compel tent, therein to remain for Preservation, and also, if for Execution, that Letters of Horning and all necessary Execution shall pass thereon upon Six Days Charge, on a Decree to be interponed thereto in common Form.

Conditions oi

IV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Lands or rei^rre11' to* is' other Heritages are or shall hereafter be held under a Deed of already in the Entail, it shall be lawful and competent, in Dispositions and Register of Kn- Conveyances of such Lands, and in the Procuratories, Charters, Precepts of Clare constat. Decrees of Adjudication, Instruments of Sasine, and all other Deeds and Instruments of what Nature soever necessary to transmit, renew, or complete a Title under such Entail in such Lands, to omit the full Insertion of the Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, of such Deed of Entail, provided such Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, shall be in such Dispositions and Conveyances, Procuratories, Charters, Precepts of Clare constat. Decrees of Adjudication, Instruments of Sasine, and other Deeds and Instruments aforesaid, specially referred to as set forth at full Length in the recorded Deed of Entail, if the same shall have been recorded in the Register of Tailzies, or as set forth at full Length in any recorded Instrument of Sasine forming Part of the Progress of Title Deeds of the said Lands under the said Entail, such Reference being made in the Terms, or as nearly as may be in the Terms, set forth in Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed; and the Reference thus made to such Conditions and Provisions, and

prohibi-

1847.

Transference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48. 483

prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, shall be held to be equivalent to the full Insertion thereof, and shall to all Intents and in all Questions whatever, whether inter hceredes or with Third Parties, have the same legal Effect as if the same had been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in the recorded Deed or Instrument referred to, notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary, or any Injunction to the contrary contained in such Deed of Entail, and notwithstanding the Enactments or Provisions to the contrary contained in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland made in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled Act cunceruiw} Tailzies, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, all which are hereby repealed to the Extent of making this Act operative, but no further.

V. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Lands or Heal Burdens other Heritages are or shall hereafter be held under any Real may Burdens or Conditions or Limitations whatsoever appointed to the^RegLter of be fully inserted in the Investitures of such Lands, it shall, Sasines. notwithstanding such Appointment, and notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary now existing, be lawful and competent, in Dispositions and Conveyances of such Lands, Procuratories, Charters, Precepts of Clare constat, Decrees of Adjudication, Instruments of Sasine, and other Deeds and Instruments of what Nature soever necessary to transmit, renew, or complete the feudal Title thereto, to omit the full Insertion of such Heal Burdens or Conditions or Limitations, provided such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall, in such Dispositions and (Conveyances, Procuratories, Charters, Precepts of Clare constat, Decrees of Adjudication, Instruments of Sasine, and other Deeds and Instruments aforesaid, be specially referred to as set forth at full Length in the recorded Instrument whether of Sasine or of Resignation ad remanentiam wherein the same were first inserted, or in any recorded Instrument of Sasine of subsequent Date forming Part of the Progress of Titles of the said Lands, such Reference being made in the Terms, or as nearly as may be in the Terms, set forth in Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed; and the Reference thus made to such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall be held to be equivalent to the full Insertion thereof, and shall to all Intents and in all Questions whatever, whether with the Disponeror Superior or Third Parties, have the same legal Effect as if the same had been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in the recorded Instrument referred to, notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary, and notwithstanding any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary, which are hereby repealed to the Effect of making this Enactment operative, but no further.

VI. And whereas the Entry of Heirs and Disponees by Superior may ' Charter of Confirmation from the Superior is in daily Use and Entriesb° ' Practice, and such Form and Mode of Entry is in many Cases confirmation.

more convenient than Entry by Resignation, without being c of Prejudice to the Interests of the Superior be it enacted.

That where any Person shall be infeft in Lands or Heritages in

II h 4 Scotland

1

484 Cap. 48. Trans fare nee of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 VICT. j

Scotland holden of a Subject Superior upon a Disposition or 1 other Deed of Conveyance granted by the Person last entered and infeft, or granted by a Person whose own Title to such Lands and Heritages is capable of being made public by Confirmation according to the existing Law and Practice, which I Hsposition shall contain an Obligation to infeft a me or a me vel de me, or upon a Decree of special Service, or upon a Decree of Adjudication or of Sale, containing a Warrant of Infeftment in Terms of this Act, it shall be lawful and competent for such Person, upon Production to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in the Court of Session of his Sasine in the said Lands and Warrants of the same, and upon showing the Terms and Conditions under which the said Lands are holden of the Superior thereof, to obtain Warrant for Letters of Horning to charge the Superior to grant in favour of such Party a Charter of Confirmation in the same Way and Form as is provided and in use for compelling Entry by Resignation: Provided always, that the Charger shall at the same Time pay or tender to such Superior such Duties or Casualties as he is by Law entitled to receive upon the Entry of the Charger; and that it shall be lawful for every such Superior to show Cause why he ought not to be compelled to give Obedience to such Charge by offering a Note of Suspension to the Court of Session in the usual Manner: Provided also, that such Superior shall be entitled to insert in the Charter to be granted by him the Clauses of Tenendas and Reddendo contained in the former Charters of such Lands and Heritages, and all other Clauses and Conditions contained therein, in so far as the same are usual and necessary, and are not set forth in such Instrument of Sasine, or duly referred to in Terms of this Act, or of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, in Tv n Vict. intituled An Act to amend the Law and Practice of Scotland as c-47* to the Service of Heirs: Provided also, that where such Clauses

and Conditions arc set forth in such Instrument of Sasine, or duly referred to in Terms of this Act, or any other Act, the same shall nut, without the Vassal's Consent, be repeated at Length in such Charter of Confirmation.

Charters of

VII. And be it enacted, That where any Charter of Con-

inotVirirVnin f formation, whether granted by Her Majesty or Her Royal Suc-Schedule (D.) cessors, or by the Prince of Scotland, or by a Subject Superior, to imply a shall confirm the Lands therein contained themselves, and the i^nen.1 Con- Instrument of Sasine therein, in favour of the Person receiving the Title Deeds SUCH Charter, such Charter may be expressed in the Form set of the Lands. forth in Schedule (D.) hereunto annexed, and in whatever habile Form expressed shall be held to confirm in favour of such Person, so far as regards such Lands, the whole Dispositions and Instruments of Sasine, and other Deeds, Instruments, and Writings of and concerning the same necessary to be confirmed in order to complete such Person's Investiture in the Lands as immediate Vassal of such Superior, and that although such Deeds, Instruments, and Writings may not be enumerated or set forth in such Charter.

VIII. ' And

1847.

485

Transference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48.

VIII. And whereas the Remedy afforded for obtaining an ' Entry under the present Procedure by Declarator of Tinsel of Per, ors

0, mcomp

Superiority is m many respects detective; be it enacted, Ihat Owner

Vassal or Disponee, shall not have completed his feudal Title Bills tc

Disponee, Adjudger, or other Party, if such Person had been V infeft in the Superiority, would have been entitled to compel Entry in virtue of this Act, <>r of an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, or otherwise, it shall be competent to such Heir, Disponee, Adjudger, or other Party, provided the annual Reddendo attached to such Superiority shall not exceed Five Pounds Sterling in Value or Amount, to present a Petition to the Lord Ordinary on the Pills in the Form, or as nearly ns may be in the Form, given in Schedule (E. N° 1.) hereunto annexed, praying for Warrant of Service on such Person, and for Decree in the Terms set forth in such Petition, and the Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall pronounce an Order for Service of such Petition in Terms, or as nearly as may be in Terms, of the Interlocutor given in Schedule (E. N° 2.) hereunto annexed; and if after such Service, and the Expiration of the Days of Intimation, such Person shall not comply with the Demand of the Petition by completing his Title and granting Entry to the Petitioner as aforesaid, or shall not show reasonable Cause to the Lord Ordinary why he delays or refuses so to do, he shall for himself and his Heirs, whether of Line, Conquest, Taillie, or Provision, forfeit and amit all Right to the said Superiority, and the Lord Ordinary shall pronounce Decree or Judgment accordingly to the Effect of entitling the Petitioner, and his Heirs and Successors in the said Lands in all Time thereafter, to hold the same as Vassals immediately of and under the next Over-superior by the Tenure and for the Reddendo by and for which the forfeited Superiority was held, all in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, given in Schedule (E. N° 3.) hereunto annexed; and such Decree or Judgment, when extracted and recorded in the Register of Sasincs appropriate to the Lands, shall be held absolutely to extinguish such Right of Superiority, and shall enable the Petitioner to apply to such Over-superior, as his immediate Superior, for an Entry accordingly; and it is hereby provided, that in the renewed Investiture to be so obtained by the Petitioner under the Authority of the said Decree, the Tenendas and Reddendo contained in the Title Deeds of the forfeited Superiority shall be inserted in room of those contained in the Investiture of the Petitioner's Predecessor or Author, and the Lands shall be held by the Petitioner and his Successors according to the Tenure of the forfeited Superiority in all Time thereafter; and the Charter or Precept in the Petitioner's Favour shall be expressed as nearly as may

486

Cap. 48. Transference of Lands (Scotland). 10 &11 VICT,

be in one or other of the Forms given in Schedule (L) hereunto annexed.

Or Owner may,

IX. And be it enacted, That if in the Case aforesaid the

m Mich Case, annual Reddendo shall exceed in Value or Amount the Sum of Ordfoary on the Five Pounds Sterling, or, in the Option of the said Heir, Bills to autho- Disponee, Adjudger, or other Party, whether the said annual nzc Application Reddendo shall exceed the said Sum of Five Pounds Sterling the CrowftTor*° or not? 'lt be lawful for such Heir, Disponee, Adjudger, or Prince or me- other Party to present a Petition to the Lord Ordinary on the diate Superior Rills in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, of Schedule (F. N° 1.) hereunto annexed, praying for Warrant rior. and Decree as there set forth, and the Lord Ordinary shall pro-

nounce an Order for Service in the Terms or as nearly as may be in the Terms of the Interlocutor given in Schedule (F. N°2.) hereunto annexed; and if after such Service and Expiration of the Days of such Charge such Person shall not comply with the Demand of the Petition by completing his Title and granting Entry to such Petitioner as aforesaid, or shall not show reasonable Cause to the Lord Ordinary why he delays or refuses so to do, he shall for himself and his Heirs, whether of Line, Conquest, Taillie, or Provision, forfeit and amit all Right to the Dues and Casualties payable on the Entry of such Petitioner, who shall also be entitled to retain his Feu Duties or other annual Prestations until fully paid and indemnified for all the Expences of the Petition and Procedure thereon, and all the Expences of completing his Title in Terms of this Act; and the Lord Ordinary shall pronounce interim Decree to that Effect, and grant interim Warrant for such Petitioner applying for and obtaining an Entry from the Crown or Prince of Scotland, or, in the Option of the Petitioner, from the mediate Over-superior as acting in the Vice of such Superior, all in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, given in Schedule (F.), N° 3., hereunto annexed; and such Petitioner shall be entitled forthwith to lodge, along with an Extract of the said Decree, in the Office of the Presenter of Signatures, a Draft of a proposed Charter or Precept from the Crown or Prince as in vice of such Superior, with a short Note in Terms of the Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, to alter and amend the Practice in Scotland with regard to Crown Charters and Precepts from Chancery; and such Charter or Precept, for which the said Extract Decree shall be a sufficient Warrant, may be in the Form given in the Schedule (H.) hereunto annexed, and shall be as effectual as if granted by the mediate Superior of the Feu when duly infeft in the Superiority; and when there is a mediate Over-superior such Extract Decree shall, in the Option of the Petitioner, be directed against such mediate Over-superior, and shall be a sufficient Warrant for Letters of Horning to charge such Over-superior to enter the Petitioner by granting a valid Charter or Precept as in vice of such Superior; and after Completion of his Title such Petitioner shall be entitled, if he thinks fit, to lodge, as Part of the Proceedings under the said Petition, an Account of the Expences

487

of that Process, and of completing his Title, and the Lord Ordinary shall, if required on the Part of such Petitioner, modify the Amount thereof, and decern for Retention as aforesaid, in the Form given in Schedule (F.), N° 4., hereunto annexed.

X. And be it enacted, That the Lands and others contained i-ands to be in such Charter or Precept to be so obtained shall be holden of |^ld^ra' the Crown or Prince, or the mediate Over-superior, as in the cr, wn or Vice of the unentered immediate Superior, while and so long as Prince or me. he and his Successors, the immediate Superiors thereof, shall duite SuPerlor-remain unentered, and thereafter until a new Entry in favour of the Vassal or his Successors shall become requisite.

XI. And be it enacted, That when a Petition shall be pre- The Party in seated as aforesaid praying for Warrant of Service and for Wight of the Decree against any Person so having a Right to the Superiority lodg^Mmutt^ of any Lands, and not having completed his feudal Title thereto, tendering Re-whether the annual Reddendo shall be above or below the Hnquishment of Value or Amount of Five Pounds Sterling, it shall be com- jfaCC^edby petent for him at any Time before Expiration of the Days of the Petitioner. Intimation, or before interim Decree shall have been extracted the Lord 9rdi* as aforesaid, to lodge, as Part of the Proceedings under such hi^Au^ Petition, a Minute, signed by himself or by his Mandatory or thority.

Agent, duly authorized by nim in Writing, stating that lie tenders Relinquishment of the Right of Superiority which he holds on Apparency in favour of the Petitioner and his Heirs and Successors, and such Minute shall be in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, given in Schedule (G.), N° 1., hereunto annexed; and if the Petitioner shall by himself or his Counsel or Agent subscribe or endorse upon such Minute an Acceptance of the same in the Form given in Schedule (G.),

N° 2., hereunto annexed, the Lord Ordinary is hereby -authorized and required, on the Petitioner's Motion, to interpone his Authority to such Minute and Acceptance, and to decern and declare the Right of Superiority thus relinquished to be extinguished, to the Effect of making the Petitioner and his Successors in the said Lands hold the Lands as Vassals immediately of and under the Superior of the relinquished Superiority in Permanency and by the Tenure and for the Reddendo by and for which such relinquished Superiority was held, the Decree so to be pronounced to be in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, of Schedule (G.), N° 3., hereunto annexed; and the said Decree, when extracted and recorded in the Register of Sasines appropriate to the Lands, shall entitle the Petitioner and his foresaids to apply for an Entry to such Superior accordingly as his immediate Superior; and in the renewed Investiture to be obtained by the Petitioner under the Authority of the said Decree, the Tenendas and Reddendo contained in the Title Deeds of the relinquished Superiority shall be inserted in room of those contained in the Investiture of the Petitioner's Predecessor or Author, and the Lands shall be held by himself and his Successors according to the Tenure of the relinquished Superiority in all Time thereafterand the Charter or Precept,

as

488

Over-superior's Rights not to be extended or affected.

Vassal obtaining or accepting Forfeiture or Relinquishment of Superiority to be liable for its Value, but Forfeiture or Relinquishment not to infer Representation.

Forfeiture to take effect and Relinquishment lawful although Superiority form Part of an Estate held under Prohibitions against Alienation, &c.

Cap. 48. Transference of Lands [Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

as the Case may be, in the Petitioner's Favour may be expressed in one or other of the Forms given in Schedule (I.) hereunto annexed; but nothing herein contained shall be held as rendering it imperative on the Petitioner to accept of the offered Relinquishment, and to take the Place of his immediate Superior, it being hereby provided, that if he prefers it he shall be entitled to refuse the same, and to complete his Title by Entry from the Crown or Prince of Scotland, or the mediate Over-superior, as in the Vice of his immediate Superior.

XII. And be it enacted, That the Investiture thus completed upon the Forfeiture of such Heir Apparent, or upon the Relinquishment of the Superiority by such Heir Apparent, and Acceptance by the Petitioner, shall in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, be as effectual as if such apparent Heir had completed his Titles to the Superiority, and thereafter conveyed the same to the Petitioner, and the latter, after completing his Titles under the Over-superior, had resigned ad remanent lam in his own Hands: Provided always, that the Title so completed shall not in any respect extend the Interests of such Over-superior, and that he shall be entitled to no more than the Casualties, whether taxed or untaxed, to which he would have been entitled if such apparent Heir had remained his Vassal.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Case of such Forfeiture or Relinquishment of Superiority by any apparent Heir in manner above mentioned, the Vassal obtaining or accepting the same, and making up Titles under the Over-superior, shall be liable, but subject always to Retention of Expences as aforesaid, for the Value of the said Superiority to the said Heir Apparent, or any Person in his Right, or having Interest, as accords of Law; and such Forfeiture or Relinquishment by such Heir Apparent shall not infer a passive Representation on his Part, nor any Liability for the Debts of the Person last infeft therein, beyond the Price, if any, which he may receive for such Forfeiture or Relinquishment; and the Vassal, if he accepts thereof, shall not be accountable in any Case for more than the Value or Price of the forfeited or relinquished Right.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Forfeiture, whether of the Right itself, of Superiority, or of the Dues and Casualties payable on the Entry of such Petitioner, shall take effect, and such Relinquishment shall be lawful and competent, although the Superiority shall form Part of an Estate held under Prohibitions against Alienation, or under Clauses prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive of Entail; but such Forfeiture, if incurred, or such Relinquishment, if made, shall not be construed as nor be held or taken to imply any Contravention of such Prohibition against Alienation, or of such Clauses prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive of Entail, any thing contained in the Deeds forming the Investiture of such Estate of Superiority, or in the said recited Act of the Scottish Parliament, notwithstanding; and the Price or Value of such

Supe-

489

1847, Transference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48.

Superiority, when relinquished, shall be applicable and applied n such and the like Manner, and to such and the like Purposes, is Purchase Money or Compensation coming to Parties having imited Interests is made applicable under the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845; and in the event of the Petitioner holding his Estate under Entail, such Price or Value paid for the relinquished Superiority shall be taken and held :o be Entailer's Debt, and all Remedies competent to the Creditor 'or Recovery of Entailer's Debt, and all Remedies, Powers, and Faculties competent to an Heir of Entail in possession for Pay-nent of Entailer's Debt, whether at Common Law, by Statute, ir otherwise, shall be competent to such Creditor and to such Petitioner, and their Heirs and Representatives respectively.

XV. And whereas by the Law of Scotland as now existing Precepts of a Precept of Clare constat from a Subject superior to his Clare constat Vassal is held to lapse and become ineffectual if Sasine is j)<Lth of the not passed thereon in the Lifetime of the Granter, which is Granter. attended with Inconvenience; be it enacted, That all Precepts

>f Clare constat already made and granted, and still subsisting n force, and all Precepts of Clare constat to be made and granted hereafter, shall, notwithstanding the Death of the jrranter thereof, remain in full Force and Effect during the whole Lifetime of the Grantee, and shall continue effectual as a Warrant for giving Infeftment to the Grantee in Terms thereof it any Time during the Grantee's Life.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall no longer be competent General and; o use Letters of general Charge or special Charge or general and tpecial Charge, but in an Action of Constitution of an Ancestor's char^to be Debt or Obligation against his unentered Heir the Citation on no longer com* ind Execution of the Summons in such Action shall be held Petent-

; o imply and be equivalent to a general Charge, the Induci of which shall expire with the Induci of such Summons, and shall infer the like Certification with such general Charge; and t shall thereafter be competent to adopt under such Summons lie same Procedure, in all respects, and to pronounce the same Decree, which wrould have been competent had such Summons >ecn preceded by Letters of general Charge duly executed igainst such Heir according to the Law and Practice heretofore in use, which Decree shall be a valid Decree of Constitution; and in an Action of Adjudication against such Heir following on such Decree of Constitution, or in an Action of Adjudication against an unentered Heir founded on his own Debt or Obligation, the Citation on and Execution of the Summons of Adjudication shall be held to imply and be equivalent to a special Charge or general special Charge, as the Circumstances may require, the Induciae of which Charge shall expire with the Induciae of such Summons, and shall infer the like Certification with such special Charge or general special Charge, is the Case may be; and it shall thereafter be competent to idopt under such Summons the same Procedure in all respects, xnd to pronounce the same Decree, which would have been competent had such Summons been preceded by Letters of

special

Cap. 48.

Trans ference of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Bill for Summonses of Adjudication and of Sale abolished.

Unnecessary to libel and conclude for Decree of special Adjudication.

Decrees of Ad judication and of Sale to contain Warrant for Infefiment, a me vel de me, and Infeftment may follow accordingly.

special Charge or general special Charge, as the Case may. fee, duly executed against such Heir according to the Law and Practice heretofore in use, which Decree shall be a valid Decree of Adjudication; and in an Action of Constitution and Adjudication combined in the same Summons against an unentered Heir, it shall be competent to adopt the same Procedure in all respects, and to pronounce the same Decree, which would have been competent had such Summons been preceded by Letters of general Charge duly executed against such Heir according to the Law and Practice heretofore in use; and in such combined Action of Constitution and Adjudication it shall be competent to pronounce Decree of Constitution and Adjudication in one and the same Interlocutor, and to extract the same in one and the same Extract, which Decree shall be a valid Decree of Constitution and Adjudication; any thing in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Year One thousand five hundred and forty, and in another Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and twenty-one, or in any other Act of Parliament, or any Law or Practice, to the contrary notwithstanding, the said Acts being hereby repealed to the Extent of making these Enactments operative, but no further.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall no longer be necessary that a Summons of Adjudication or of Ranking and Sale be preceded by a Bill, such Bill being hereby abolished.

XVIII. And whereas it has been found inconvenient in 6 Practice to libel and conclude for general Adjudication of c Lands as the Alternative only of special Adjudication in Terms f of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Year 6 One thousand six hundred and seventy-two be it enacted, That it shall no longer be necessary to libel or conclude for special Adjudication, and it shall be lawful to libel and conclude and decern for general Adjudication without such Alternative, any thing in the said last-mentioned Act or in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding, the said last-

mentioned Act and such other Acts being hereby repealed to the Effect of making this Enactment operative, but no further.

XIX. And whereas a Party who has obtained Decree of (Adjudication or Decree of Sale is frequently exposed to Incon-c vcnience from the Delay which may occur in obtaining Infeft- ment; be it enacted, That in all Cases it shall be lawful for the Judges of the Court of Session, when pronouncing Decree of Adjudication, whether for Debt or in Implement, or Decree of Sale, to grant Warrant in Terms, or as nearly as may be in Terms, of Schedule (K.) hereunto annexed, for infefting the Adjudger or Purchaser, and his Heirs and Successors, in the Lands and others contained in such Decree, to be holden by them alternatively by Two several Infeftments and Manners of

Holding, one thereof to be holden of the Party adjudged from and his Heirs in Free Blench for Payment of a Penny Scots in Name of Blcncli Farm at Whitsunday yearly upon the Ground of the said Lands, if asked only, and freeing and relieving the

Party

Party adjudged from and his Heirs of all Feu Duties and Services exigible out of the said Lands by their immediate lawful Superiors thereof, and the other of the said Infeftments to be holden from the Party adjudged from and his Heirs of and under their immediate lawful Superiors in the same Manner that the Party adjudg< from, his Predecessors and Authors, held or might have holden the same, and that by Confirmation; and the Adjudger or Purchaser, and his foresaids, shall, in virtue of such Decree of Adjudication or Decree of Sale, be entitled to complete their Title by obtaining Charter of Adjudication or of Sale from the Superior of the Lands, and passing Infeftment thereon, or, where the Person adjudged from is entered with his Superior or in a Situation to charge such Superior under the Powers herein contained to grant Entry by Confirmation, by taking Infeftment in virtue of the Warrant contained in such Decree, which Infeftment may be in the Form given in Schedule (L.) hereunto annexed, and shall with the Decree of Adjudication or of Sale be an effectual feudal Investiture in the said Lands in Terms of such Decree, holding Base of the Party adjudged from and his Heirs, until Confirmation thereof shall be granted by the immediate Superior of the Lands, or his Successors, in the same Manner and to the same Effect as it* the Party adjudged from had granted a Disposition of the Lands to the Adjudger or Purchaser in the Terms of the Decree of Adjudication or of Sale, with an Obligation to infeft a me vel di me, to be completed by Confirmation, and a Precept of Sasine, and the Adjudger or Purchaser had been infeft on such Precept; and the Effect of the Charter of Confirmation of the Sasine thus proceeding on such Decree of Adjudication <>r Decree of Sale shall be to make the Lands hold immediately of and under such Superior: but the Right of the Superior to the Composition payable by an Adjudger or Purchaser as <1 iu* under the existing Law is hereby reserved entire, and the Adjudger or Purchaser, or his foresaids, by passing Infeftment on the Decree of Adjudication or of Sale in manner above mentioned, shfdl becom indebted in such Composition to the Superior, and shall be bound to pay the same upon tin* Superior's tendering a Charter of Confirmation, whether such Charter shall be accepted or not, and the Superior shall be entitled to recover Payment of such Composition as accords of Law; and it is hereby provided that the Sasine on such Decree of Adjudication, duly recorded, shall, without Prejudice t<> any other Diligence or Procedure, be of itself sufficient to make the Adjudication effectual in all Questions of Bankruptcy or Diligence: Provided always, that where the Charter, Contract, or other Deed by which the Vassal's Right is constituted contains a Prohibition against Subinfeudation or Alternative Holding, such Decree and Sasine shall, notwithstanding any such Prohibition, form a valid feudal Investiture in favour of such Adjudger or Purchaser and their foresaids, but without Prejudice to the Right of the Superior to require such Adjudger or Purchaser, or his foresaids, to enter forthwith as accords of

Law,

491

492

Judgment of Lord Ordinary on the* Bills subject to IL-view of Inner I louse, and Jud^m rjts in certain Cases to be final.

Court of Session may make Acts of Sederunt.

Interpretation

Clause.

Act when to take effect.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 48. Transference of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 VICT-

Law, and to deal with such Adjudger or Purchaser* or his

foresaids, as with a Vassal unentered.

XX. And be it enacted, That any Judgment pronounced by the Lord Ordinary in virtue of this Act shall be subject to Review by a reclaiming Note in ordinary Form; but the Judgment of the Lord Ordinary, if not so brought under Review* and the Judgment of either Division of the Court upon such reclaiming Note, whether such Judgments shall have been pronounced in absence of the Respondent or not, shall be final and cqncluaive, and not subject to Review by Appeal to the House of Lords, or by Reduction, or in any other Mode or Form whatever; and it shall be competent to the Lord Ordinary, or to either Division of the Court reviewing any Judgment of the Lord Ordinary, if it shall appear to him or them to be just in the whole Circumstances of the Case, to find and decern in ordinary Form for the Expences of any Proceedings under this Act against the Petitioner or Respondent personally.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Court of Session to pass such Act or Acts of Sederunt as the Court may deem proper for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act, except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context of this Act shall be repugnant to such Construction, the Words " Superior," "Vassal/' "Grantor," "Grantee," " Disponer," and " Disponee," shall extend to and include the Heirs, Success sors, and Representatives of such Superior, Vassal, Grantpr, Grantee, Disponer, or Disponee respectively; and the Word " Lands" shall extend to and include Tcinds, Fishings, Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Heritages of every Description; and the Word "Charter" shall include Charters from the Crown and Prince as well as from Subject Superiors; and all Words used in the Singular Number shall be held to include several Persons or Tilings; and Words in the Plural shall include the Singular Number; and all Words importing the Masculine Gender shall extend and be applied to Females as well as Males.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect from and after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act *

SCHEDULE (A.)

After the inductive and dispositive Clauses the Deed may proceed thus — " With Entry at the Term of \Jiere specify the Date of Entry]; and I oblige myself to infeft the said [here insert the Name of the Disponee] and his foresaids, to be lioldename [or

de

L.

Transference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48.

de me, or a me vel de me, as the Case may be]; and I resign the said Lands and others for new Infeftment; and I assign the Writs, and have delivered the same according to Inventory; and I assign the Bents; and I bind myself to free and relieve the said

ihere insert the Name of the Disponee] and his forcsaids of all i'eu Duties, Casualties, and public Burdens; and grant Warrandice; and I consent to Registration hereof for Preservation fir for Preservation and Execution]. Moreover, I desire any Notary Public to whom these Presents may he presented to give to the said [here insert th Name of the Disponee J or his forcsaids Sasine [or Liferent Sasine, or Sasine in Liferent and Fee respectively, as the Case may be,] of the Lands and others above disponed. In witness whereof [here insert a Testing Clause in the usual Form"]

Note. — The Clauses are assumed here as occurring in a Disposition, but they may be used in other Deeds and Instruments; and in the event of its being necessary to omit, vary, or qualify any One or more of them, this may he done and the other Clauses may be retained.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Instead of inserting the Conditions of Entail at Length, these may be referred to as follows; viz. — "But always with and under the Conditions, Provisions, Reservations, and Clauses prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive, specified and contained in a Disposition and Deed of Entail [or, in the said Disposition and Deed of Entail, if it has been previously referred to,] of the said Lands and others, executed by the deceased E.F., bearing Date the Day of in the Year and

recorded in the Register of Tailzies on the Day of

in the Year [or in an Instrument of Sasine

in the said Lands and others in favour of G.H., recorded in the [here mention the Register in which the Sasine is recorded] upon die Day of in the Year ]."

And in subsequent Clauses of the Deed in which it is requisite or usual to refer again to the Conditions of the Entail the Reference may be made thus: — " But always with and under the Conditions, Provisions, Reservations, and Clauses prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive, before referred to."

SCHEDULE (C.)

Instead of inserting the Burdens, , fyc. c. at Length, these may he referred to as follows; viz. — " But always with and under the Burdens, Conditions, Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Obligations [or such of these as may apply to the Case] specified in an Instrument of Sasine in the said Lands and others [here describe the Sasine in which the Burdens, {yc. were first inserted, or any subsequent Sasine in which they are inserted, forming Part of the Progress of the Titles to the Lands, the Sasine being de- I i scribed

494

scribed by the Name of the Party in whose Favour it teas passed, the Register in which it is recorded, and the Date of Registration; or, if it is previously referred to in the Disposition, say, in the said Instrument of Sasine in favour of the said above

referred to, ]" or if they are inserted in an Instrument of Resignation ad remanentiam, make a similar Reference to such Itutru-ment.

And in subsequent Clauses in which it is requisite or usual to refer again to the Burdens, &fc., the Reference may be made thus: — " But always with and under the Burdens, Conditions, Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Obligations [or such of these as may apply to the Case] before referred to."

SCHEDULE (D.)

I A.B., immediate lawful Superior of the Lands and others after mentioned, do hereby confirm for ever to and in favour of C.D.

[here name the Party in whose Favour the Charter is grantedj, and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever, heritably and irredeemably, all and whole \Jiere insert the Lands or other Heritages to be confirmsd; and if under Bun! as, &c., use the Form in Schedule (C.)], and an Instrument of Sasine in the said Lands, and others in favour of the said C.D., recorded in the fie re describe the Register in which the Instrument is recorded] on the Day of or of whatever other Date

or Tenor the said Instrument of Sasine may be, to be holden, the said Lands and others, immediately of me and my Successors, Superiors thereof, in Free Blench [or, in Feu Farm, as the Case may hef] for ever, paying therefor a Penny Scots yearly of Blench Duty, if asked only, [or if held in Feu Farm specify the other Payments and Services.] And I consent to the Registration hereof. In witness whereof [here insert the Testing Clause in the usual Form\.

SCHEDULE (E.)

1.

Unto the Honourable the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, the Petition of A.B. humbly showeth, That by Disposition dated the granted by C.D. of the said C.D.

disponed to the Petitioner all and whole [here describe the Subjects as in the Disposition], to be held of the Disponer's Superior, with Warrants of Resignation and Sasine.

That the Petitioner's Author, the said C.D., held die said Lauds and others of and under the late E.F. as his immediate lawful Superior for an annual Reddendo not exceeding in Value or Amount Five Pounds Sterling; that G.H. is the eldest Son [or whatever other Relation he is] and apparent Heir of the said E.F., and as such has Right to the Superiority of the said Lands and others, but he has not made up a feudal Title thereto, and

is

1847.

48&

Transference of Lands (Scotland), Cap. 48 *

s therefore not in a Situation to grant Entry to the Petitioner, dthough demanded from him; and the Petitioner now applies to rour Lordship for Redress in Terms of the Act [here mention his Act], and produces the above-mentioned Disposition in his favour.

May it therefore please your Lordship, in Terms of the said Act, to grant Warrant for serving this Petition on the said G.H. personally, or at his Dwelling Place, [here add a Prayer for edictal Citation in the usual Form, if the Party is furth of Scotland,] and to ordain him within Thirty Days after the Date of such Service [or within Sixty Days, if he be furth of Scotland, or in Orkney or Shetland,] to procure himself entered and infeft in the said Lands and others, and to enter the Petitioner in the same, on Payment of the Duties and Casualties exigible on such Entry, or else to show Cause for delaying or refusing to do so, with Certification that, if he fell, he shall forfeit and amit all Right to the said Superiority; and in the event of the said G.H. failing so to complete his Title and grant Entry to the Petitioner, or to show reasonable Cause why he delays or refuses so to do, to find and declare that the said G.H. has forfeited and amitted all Right to the said Superiority, and that 'the Petitioner and his Heirs and Successors are entitled to hold the said Lands and others in all Time coming as Vassals immediately of and under the next Over-superior by the Tenure and for the Reddendo by and for which the forfeited Superiority was held. According to Justice,

Note. — 'The above Form is applicable to the Case where the Petitioner requires a Charter of Resignation. In other Cases the Form must be varied, so far as necessary, to suit the Circumstances.

No 2.

The Lord Ordinary grants Warrant to Messengers-at-Arms o serve the said Petition and this Deliverance on the said G.H. is prayed for, and ordains the said G.H., within Thirty Days or Sixty Day8, as the Case may be,] after the Date of such Service, to procure himself entered and infeft in the Lands and others described in the Petition, and to enter the Petitioner in he same, on Payment of the Duties and Casualties exigible on luoh Entry, or else to show Cause for delaying or refusing to do ks with Certification that if he fail he shall forfeit and amit all Right to the said Superiority in Terms of the said Act.

N° 3.

The Lord Ordinary having resumed Consideration of the said Petition, with the Execution thereon, now expired, in respect he said G.H. has not shown Cause for delaying or refusing o complete his Title to the Superiority, and to grant an Entry o the Petitioner, finds and declares, That the said G.H. has

forfeited and amitted all Right to the said Superiority! %nd that the Petitioner and his Ileirs and Successors are entitled to hold the Lands and others described in the Petition in all Time coming as Vassals immediately of and under the next Oversuperior by the Tenure and for the Reddendo by and for which the said forfeited Superiority was held; grants Warrant to the Petitioner and his foresaids to apply for and obtain an Entry in the said Lands and others, from the said Over-superior in the Terms foresaid; and decerns and ordains the Decree to be extracted hereon to be recorded in the Register of Sasines.

SCHEDULE (F.)

N° L

Unto the Honourable the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, the Petition of A.B. humbly showeth, That by Disposition dated the granted by C.D. of the said C. D.

disponed to the Petitioner all and whole [here describe the

Subjects as in the Disposition], to be held of the Diflponer's Superior, with Warrants of Resignation and Sasine.

That the Petitioner's Author, the said C.D., held the said Lands and others of and under the late E.F. as his immediate lawful Superior; that G.H. is the eldest Son [or whatever other Relation he is] and apparent Heir of the said E.Fand as such has Right to the Superiority of the said Lands and others, but he has not made up a feudal Title thereto, and is therefore not in a Situation to grant Entry to the Petitioner, although demanded from him. The Petitioner now applies to your Lordship for Redress in Terms of the Act [here mention this Act], and produces the above-mentioned Disposition in his Favour.

May it therefore please your Lordship, in Terms of the said Act, to grant Warrant for serving this Petition on the said G.H. personally, or at his Dwelling Place, [here add a Prayer for edictal Citation in the usual Form, if the Party is forth of Scotland,] and to ordain him within Thirty Days after the Date of such Service [of within Sixty Days, if he be furth of Scotland, or in Orkney or Shetland,] to procure himself entered and infeft m thfe, said Lands and others, and to enter the Petitioner in the same, on Payment of the Duties and Casualties exigible on such Entry, or else to show Cause for delaying or refusing to do so, with Certification that if he fail he shall forfeit and arait all Right to the Duties and Casualties payable on the Entry of the Petitioner, and that the Petitioner shall be entitled to retain from him, and his Successors, as immediate Superiors, the yearly* Feu Duties and whole other Prestations, until fully paid and indemnified for all the Expences of this Petition and Procedure to follow hereon, and for all the Expences of completing the Petitioner's Title in Tertas of the said' Act; and thereafter, on resuming Consideration of thir

Petition,

1847/ I *' 'A *^Transference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48.

Petition, 'with or without Answers, to find and declare I1*1 ' that the said G.H. has forfeited and amitted all Right to 1 the Dues and Casualties payable on the Entry of the '' ' Petitioner, and that the Petitioner is entitled to retain from him and his Successors, as immediate Superiors, the yearly Pen Duties and whole other Prestations until: 1 fully paid and indemnified for all the Expences of this 1 Petition, and of the Procedure to follow hereon, and for all the Expences of completing the Petitioner's Title in Terms of the said Art; and also to grant Warrant to the Petitioner to apply for and obtain an Entry in the said Lands and others from the Crown or Prince of Scotland, [or I.K., the mediate Oversuperior,] as acting in the vice of the said G.H., and to authorize Decree to the above Effect to be extracted ad interim; and thereafter, upon the Completion of the Petitioner's Title by an 1 1 Entry from the Crown or Prince of Scotland [or such

v mediate Over-superior] as aforesaid, to remit the Accounts of the Expences of this Petition and Procedure hereon, and of the Expences of completing the Petitioner's Title, to the Auditor to tax the same, and to report, and to modify the Amount of the said Expences, and to decern for Retention of the Amount thereof as aforesaid, [if the Parties hare atfreed to or are in 'Treaty ' for a Relinquishment add "or in the event of the said G.H. relinquishing the Superiority to find, decern, and declare the same to be extinguished in manner and to the Effect expressed in the Statute, "] or to do otherwise - in the Premises as to your Lordship shall seem just. — According to Justice, {yc.

Note. — The above Form is applicable to the Case where the Petitioner requires a Charter of Resignation. In other Cases the Form must be varied, so far as necessary, to suit the Circumstances.

N° 2.

The Lord Ordinary grants Warrant to Messengers-at-Arms to serve the said Petition and this Deliverance on the said ag prayed for, and ordains the said G. //., within Thirty Qay0, [or Sixty Days, as the ('ase may &e,] alter the Date of suqix Service, to procure himself entered and infeft in the Lands, and others described in the Petition, and to enter the Petitioner in the same, on Payment of the Duties and Casualties exigible opt. such Entry, or else to show Cause for delaying or refusing to do so, with Certification that if he fail he shall forfeit and ajtyit all. Right to the Duties and Casualties payable on the Petitioner's Entry, and this the Petitioner shall be entitled to retain from him and his Successors, as immediate Superiors, the yeady Feu Duties and whole other Prestations until fully paid aj*u indemnified for the Expences of the Petition and Pro-

?sdurc thereon, and for all the Expences of completing the ctitkmer's Title in Terms of the said Act.

V-V; : I i 3

N° 3.

Cap. 48.

Transference of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 VICT. N° 3.

The Lord Ordinary having resumed Consideration of the said

Petition, with the Execution thereon, now expired, in respect the said G. 11. has not shown Cause for delaying or refusing to complete his Title to the Superiority, and to grant an Entry to the Petitioner, finds and declares, That the said £7.77. has forfeited and amitted all Right to the Duties and Casualties

until fully paid and indemnified for all the Expences of the said Petition and Procedure thereon, and for all the Expences of completing the Petitioners Title; grants Warrant to the Petitioner to apply for and obtain an Entry in the Lands and

Scotland, [or 7. A", the mediate Over-superior,] as acting in Vice of the said (7.77, and decerns, and allows this Decree to go out and be extracted ad interim; and, on the Petitioner's Title being completed, appoints Accounts of the Expences of the Petition and Procedure thereon, and of completing the Title, to be lodged, and remits the same, when lodged, to the Auditor to tax and report.

The Lord Ordinary approves of the Auditor's Report on the Petitioner's Accounts of Expences, modifies the same to £ Sterling, and decerns against the said G It.

for Payment thereof to the Petitioner, by Retention, as prayed for [or personally against the said (7.77, as the Case may be].

Petition at the Instance of [here name and describe the Petitioner).

I A.B., eldest lawful Son [or whatever Relation he may be] and nearest lawful Heir Apparent of C.D., the Person last infeft in the Superiority of the Lands of [here describe the Lands fully], which Right of Superiority is holden immediately of and under the Crown [or other Over-lord, os the Case may be], do absolutely and gratuitously [or if any Price paid, say, "in consideration of £ Sterling to be paid

to me, "] relinquish and renounce the Superiority of the said Lands to which I hold Right as Heir Apparent aforesaid in favour of the Petitioner and his Successors in the said Lands. In witness whereof, $*c.

[To he signed by the Party or by his Mandatory or Agent duly authorized in Writing and duty attested.]

livable on the Entry of the Petitioner, and that the Petitioner is entitled to retain from him and his Successors, as immediate Superiors, the yearly Feu Duties and whole other Prestations

others described in the Petition from the Crown or Prince of

N° 4.

SCHEDULE (O.) X° 1.

Minute of Relinquishment by

as Heir Apparent

of

in the Lands after mentioned in the

N° 2.

1847. Transference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48,

N° 2.

I accept Relinquishment in Terms of this Minute.

N° 3.

The Lord Ordinary interpones his Authority to the Minute of Relinquishment lodged by the Respondent, and decerns and declares the Right of Superiority thereby relinquished to be extinguished, to the Effect of giving Right to the Petitioner and his Successors to hold the Lands and others described in the Petition immediately of and under the Party who is Superior of the Feu now given up and extinguished, and by the Tenure and for the Reddendo by and for which the relinquished Feu was held, and decerns and appoints the Decree to be extracted hereon to be recorded in the Register of Sasines.

SCHEDULE (H.)

N° 1. — Charter of Confirmation.

Victoria, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith. — We do hereby confirm for ever to and in favour of A.B.

[here name the Disponee], and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever, heritably and irredeemably, all and whole [here describe the Lands or other Heritages, and if under Burdens, &c. use the Form in Schedule (£7.)], and an Instrument of Sasine in the said Lands and others in favour of the said A.B., recorded in the [here describe the Register in which the Instrument is recorded], on the Day of or of whatever other

Date or Tenure the said Instrument of Sasine may be; To be holden, the said Lands and others, of the Crown, as in room of G.H [here name the Person against whom Decree has been obtained], the eldest Son [or whatever other Relation he mag be'] of E.F.

[here name the Person last inf eft in the Superiority], who was last infeft in the immediate Superiority of the said Lands, in respect that the said G.H. having failed to complete his Title to the said Superiority, and to grant an Entry to the said A.B.y the said A.B., in virtue of an Act [here set forth the Title of this Act], obtained a Decree by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, dated the granting Warrant to the said A.B. to apply for and obtain an Entry in the said Lands and others from die Crown as acting in Vice of the said G.H, and that while and so long as the said G. H. and his Successors, the immediate Superiors thereof, shall remain unentered, and thereafter until a new Entry shall become requisite, and that by the same Tenure by which the same were or might have been holden of the said G.H And for Payment to him and his Successors, who are properly immediate lawful Superiors of the said Lands and others, of the annual Duties and Casualties heretofore payable, but only upon the Completion of their Titte in the Superiority. In witness whereof we have ordered the Seal now used for the Great Seal of Scotland to be appended hereto, &c.

[according to the Chancery Form].

N°2.

500

Cap. 48.

Transference of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 VlOtt

N° 2. — Charter of Resignation.

Victoria, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith. — We do hereby give, grant, and dispone, and for ever confirm, po A.XB. \here name the JDisponee], and his Heirs and Assignees whom-soever, heritably and irredeemably, all and whole \Jiere insert the Lands or other Heritages, and if under Burdens, &c. use the [Form, in Schedule (C.)], which Lands and others formerly belonged to C. D.

[here name the Disponer], holden by him immediately of

F. F.

[here no we the Person who died last inf (ft in the Superio-,

rity], in Terras of \Jiere state the Investiture of the Disponer]^ and now of the Crown as in Vice of the immediate Superior thereof, in respect that the said F.F. being dead, and G.H his eldest Son [or whatever other Relation he way he] and Heir Apparent, who is in right of the Superiority, having failed to complete his Title thereto and to grant an Entry to the said A.B., the said A.B. in virtue of an Act [here set forth the Title of this Act] obtained a Decree by the Lord Ordinary on the Bills dated the granting Warrant

to the said A.B. to apply for and obtain an Entry in the said, Lands and others from the Crown, as acting in Vice of the said '

G. //., and which Lands and others have been resigned into our Elands as in Vice of the said G.H., which Decree is recorded in the [state here the Register of Sasines in which the Decree U recorded, and the Date of Registration], by virtue of h Procuratory of Resignation contained in a Disposition of the said Land* and others, granted by him in favour of the said A.B., dated

the immediate lawful Superior thereof, while and so long as, he and his Successors the immediate Superiors thereof shall remain unentered, and thereafter until a new Entry shall become requisite, and that by the same Tenure by which the same were or might have been holden of the said G.JL And for Payment to him and his Successors, who are properly the immediate lawful! Superiors of the said Lands and others, of the annual Duties and Casualties heretofore payable, but only upon the Completion of their Title in the Superiority; moreover we desire any Notary Public to whom this Charter may be presented to give^to the said l.B. or his foresaids Sasine of the Lands and other^ above described. In witness whereof we have ordered the, Seal qow used, for the Great Seal of Scotland to be appended berjelo, &c.

[according to the Chancery Form]. (. y,

the

other

To be holden, the oa^d I^a^ds and of the Crown as in room of the said G.H., who is properly

Note. — The Charter in favour of an Adjucfoer will be ip similar Terms, hut under the proper Modification. And a Precept

Terms, but under the proper Modification. And a

made.

..... n;

.) I't'f id do

J

1847/ J

i / Trantference of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 48.

s

SCHEDULE (I.)

N* 1. — Chatrter of Confirmation proceeding on a Decree of Forfeiture or Relinquishment.

I L.M., immediate lawful Superior of the Lands and others after mentioned, in virtue of a Decree of Forfeiture [or Relinquishment, as the Case mag be,] against G. II. Heir Apparent of my immediate Vassal last infeft in the said Lands and others, pronounced by Lord Ordinary on the Bills, upon

the, Day of in a Petition at the

Instance, of A.B.

[here name the Disponec\ do hereby confirm for ever ..to and in favour of the said A.B. and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever, heritably and irredeemably, all and whole [here insert the Lands or other Heritages> and if under Burdens, use the Form in Schedule ((?.)], and an Instrument of Sasino lp the said Lands and others in favour of the said A.B. recorded in the [here describe the Register in which the Instrument is recorded], on the Day of or of

whatever other Tenor the some mag he; To be holden, the said Lands and others, by the said A.B. and his hnvsnids, in all Time hereafter, immediately of me and my Successors, as Superiors thereof, in Free Blench Farm or [in Feu Farm, cis the Case wag hey according to the Tenure tag which the forfeited or relinquished Superiority was held/] for ever, paying therefor [here specify the Reddendo for which the f<>rj'< it< <1 or relinquished Superiority was held}; and I consent to the Registration hereof for Preservation, ^n witness whereof [add a Testing Clause}.

ll 2. — Charter of Resignation proceeding on a Decree of Forfeiture or Relinquishment.

.1 L.Af., immediate lawful Superior of the Lands and others after mentioned, in virtue of a Decree of Forfeiture [or Relinquishment, as the Case wag be. 1 against G.II., Ileir Apparent of my immediate Vassal last infeft in the said Lands and others, pronounced by Lord Ordinary on the Bills, upon

the, , j iJay.Ol in a Petition at the Instance

of A.B.g^re aame the Ilispitnt i1, do hereby rive, grant, dispone, and for ever convey to the said A.B. and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever^ heritably and irredeemably, all and whole [ta re insert the Bands or other Heritages, end if disponed undo' Burdi ns, use the Porm iri Schedule ((\)\ which Lands and others above written formerly belonged to [/arc insert the Name of the Dispone/}, holden by him under my immediate Vassal, and now of myself, in T$rms of [here state briefly the Investiture of the tost* entered 'Proprietor] ,; 'aira have been resigned by him in my Hands, atf how1 homing in place of his immediate Superior by virtue of a jProcuratory of jKesignation contained in a Disposition of the said Land? and others, made and granted by him in favour of the said^f^ ,; dated [here ins<rt the Date], to be holden, the said Landsand otbetf, by the said A.B. and his forc.siids, in all Time hereafter, immediately of me and my Successors, as Superiors thereof, in Free Blench Farm [or in Feu Farm, as the Cast

mag

501

502 Cap. 48. Transference of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 VfCR

may he, according to the Tenure by which the forfeited or reUn-gtiished Superiority was held,] for ever, paying therefor [here specify the Reddendo for which the forfeited or relinquished Superiority was held']; and I consent to the Registration hereof for Preservation; moreover I desire any Notary Public to whom this Charter may be presented to give to the said ALB. or his foresaids Sasine of the Lands and others above described. In witness whereof [add a Testing Clause'].

N° 3. — Precept of Clare constat proceeding on a Decree of For* feiture or Relinquishment.

I 2y.il/., immediate lawful Superior of the Lands and others after mentioned, in virtue of a Decree of Forfeiture [or Relinquishment, as the Case may be], against G.H., Heir Apparent of my immediate Vassal last infeft in the said Lands and others, pronounced by Lord Ordinary on the Bills, dated

the Day of in a Petition at the Instance

of A.B.

[here name and design the Heir in whose Favour the Precept is to be granted']: Whereas by authentic Instruments and Documents it clearly appears that C.D.

[here insert the Name of the last Proprietor of the Lands] died last vest and seised as of Fee in [here insert the Lands or other Heritages, and if under Burdens, 8cc. use the Form in Schedule (C.)]; and that the said A.B. is eldest lawful Son [or whatever Relation he may be] and nearest and lawful Heir [of Line, or whatever the Character may be,] of the said C.D. in the said Lands and others; and that the said Lands and others are in virtue of the said Decree now holden of me and my Successors, as Superiors thereof, in Free Blench Farm [or Feu Farm, as the Case mag he, according to the Tenure by which the forfeited or relinquished Superiority was held,] for ever, for Payment of [here specify the Reddendo for which the forfeited or relinquished Superiority was held]. Therefore I desire any Notary Public to whom these Presents may be presented to give to the said C.D. as Heir foresaid Sasine of the Lands and others above described. In witness whereof [add a Testing Clause],

Note. — Where the next Superior is Her Majesty or the Prince and Steward of Scotland, Charters by the Crown Prince, or Precepts from Chancery, will be granted in similar Terms to the above, but adapted to the Forms of Chancery.

SCHEDULE (IC.)

After granting Decree of Adjudication according to the Form presently in use, or according to the Form in use for the Time, the following Warrant to be inserted: — " And the Lord Ordinary grants Warrant to any Notary Public to give to the said [here mention the Name of the Adjudger or Purchaser], and his Heirs and Successors, Sasine, in the foresaid Subjects, in Terms of the 19th Section of the Act [here mention this Act]."

1647. Transformer of Lairds [Scotland). Cap. 48, 49. AH

SCHEDULE (L.)

At there was [by or] on behalf of A.B.

[here

state the Nafne and Designation of the Adjudger nr Purchaser, or other Party in his Riyhtj\ presented to me. Notary Public subscribing, an Extract Decree of Adjudication [or " of Adjudication in Implement or of Sale," as the Case may be,] dated the [here insert the Date of the DecreeJ, obtained before the Lords of Council and Session in an Action at the Instance of [here mention the Party at whose Instance the Decree was obtained] against C.D.

[here state the Name and Designation of the Party adjudged frorn\, whereby the said Lords adjudged from the said C.D., and all others having or pretending to have Right thereto, all and whole [here describe the Lands at Length, and if adjudged under Burdens, \'c. use the Farm in Schedule (Cl), then, recite the rest of the Decree of Adjudication or Sale down to the Close of the Warrant to the Notary for (/icing Infeftment, and, if the Infeftment is to he taken by the Heir or Assignee of the Adjudger or Purchaser, or by any other Person acquiring Bight through him, recite here the Decree of St nice or the . issignment or other Writ by ichich the Party has acquired such Right1; by virtue of which Warrant of Infeftment I hereby give Sasine to the said A.B. of the Lands and others above described.

In witness whereof \ have subscribed these Presents, written on this and the preceding Pages by E.F.

my Clerk, before these Witnesses the said E.F. and G.N. my Apprentice.

E.F., Witness. (Signed) IK., Notary Public.

G, H.> Witness.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to facilitate the Transference of Lands and other Heritages in SScotland held in Burgage Tenure.

[25th June 184/.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to facilitate the Transference

of Lands and other Heritages in Scotland held by the

Tenure of Burgage, and to render flic same less expensive,

and for that Purpose to amend the Law of Scotland relative f thereto:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all in Conveyances Dispositions and Conveyances, and other Deeds and Instruments of Burgage necessary for the Transmission of Lands in Scotland held by the ciaui^ma^e Tenure of Burgage, in which all or any of the following Clauses inserted in the are necessarily or usually inserted, (videlicet,) a Clause declaring the Term of Entry, a Clause of Obligation to infeft, a Procuratory of Resignation, a Clause of Obligation to free and relieve of Cess, Annuity, Ground Annual, and other public, parochial.

Forms given in Schedule (A.)

and

1

Ilf I

ilS'l

mu

m

504

Cap. 49.

Burgage Tenure (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vifcf *

the Import of Clauses in Schedule (A.)

and local Burdens, a Clause of Assignation of Rents, a Clause1 of Assignation of Writs and Evidents, a Clause of Warrandice, and a Clause of Registration for Preservation and Execution* it shall be lawful and competent to insert all or any of such Clauses in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, set forth in Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed; and all or any of such Clauses, if so inserted in any such Disposition or Conveyance, or other Deed or Instrument, shall be as valid, effectual, and operative, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been expressed in the fuller Mode or Form now generally in use; Explanation of

II. And be it enacted, That the Clause of Obligation to infeft expressed as in the Schedule (A) hereunto annexed shall be held to imply an Obligation on the Disponer to infeft the Dis-ponee, and his Heirs and Assignees, in the Lands or other Heritages conveyed upon their Expences, and that by Resignation, to be holden of Her Majesty in Free Burgage for Service of Burgh used and wont; and the Clause of Resignation shall in all respects be held and taken as equivalent to a Procuratory of Resignation in the Terms now in use in regard to Heritable Property held Burgage; and the Clause of Obligation to free and relieve from Cess, Annuity, Ground Annual, and other public and parochial Burdens shall, unless specially qualified, be held to import an Obligation to relieve of all Cess, Annuity Ground Annual, and other public, parochial, and local Burdens exigible from or on account of the Subjects conveyed prior to the Date of Entry; and the Clause of Assignation of Rents, unless specially qualified, shall be held to import an Assignation to the Rents to become due for the Possession following the Term of Entry, according to the legal and not the conventional Tenns, unless in the Case of forehand Rente, in which Case it shall import an Assignation to the Rents payable at the conventional Terms subsequent to the Date of Entry; and the Clause of Assignation to Writs and Evidents shall import an absolute and unconditional Assignation to such Writs and Evidents, and to all open Procuratories therein contained to which the Disponer has Right, unless specially qualified; aftd the Clause of Warrandice shall, unless specially qualified, be held and taken to imply absolute Warrandice as regards the .Lands, and Writs and Evidents, and Warrandice from Fact and Deed as regards the Rents; and the Clause of Consent to Registration, unless specially qualified, shall import a Consent to Registration, and a Procuratory for Registration in the Books of Council and Session or other Judge's Books competent, therein to remain for Preservation, and if for Execution, that Letters of Homing and all other necessary Execution shall pass thereon upon a Charge of Six Days upon a Decree to be interponed thereto.

III. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Lands holden Burgage are or shall hereafter be held under a Deed of Entail, it shall be lawful and competent, in Dispositions, and Register of En- Conveyances of such Lands, and in Decrees of Adjudication, ter of s^nclT Instruilient* of Resignation and Sasine* and Instruments of

Conditions of Entail may be referred to as already in the

Cognition

505

184?/ il /.of Ifmcjage Tenure (Scotland). Cap. 49.

Gqgrftion and Safiine, and all other Deeds and Instruments of yhat*N«turt soevernecessary to transmit, renew, or complete Titlo unddr auch Entail in such Lands, to omit the full Insertion of the Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, abd xescJutiie Clauses of such Deed of Entail, provided sildb^Conditions' tobd Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive: Clauses, shall be in such Dispositions and Conveyances, Decrees of Adjudication, Instruments of Resignation and Sateinie, and Instruments of Cognition and Sasine, and other Deeds, and Instrument aforesaid, specially referred to as set forth at full Length in the recorded Deed of Entail, if the samel shall have been recorded in the Register of Tailzies, or if4hfe same shall not have been recorded in such Register, then as set forth atl full Length in any recorded Instrument of Resignation and Sasine, or of Cognition and Sasine, forming a PaTt of the Progress of Title Deeds of the said Lands under the Said Entail* SUch Reference being made in the Terms, or as nearly as may be in the Terms, set forth in Schedule (B.) hekrtantoi bnnefeed; and the Reference thus made to such Conditkrns and Provisions and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, shall be/held as equivalent to the full Insertion thereof and Shall to all Intents and in all (Questions whatsoever, whether inter hteredes or with Third Parties, have the same legal Effect Us if the same bad been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in' the reoor. led Deed or Instrument referred to, notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary, or any Injunction'/to< the contrary contained in such Deed of Entail, and-notwithstanding the Enactments or Provisions to the contrary contained bnan Act of the Parliament of Scotland made in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled AH condexiting Tail?ies, or any other Acts of Parliament now iaioree* all which are hereby repealed to the Extent of making this Enactment operative, but no further.

f IY. And bef it enacted, That in all Cases where Lands holden Burgage are or:shall hereafter be held under any Real Burdens ot^Conditiidhs pr Limitations whatsoever appointed to be fully inserteddin the Investitures of such Lands, it shall, notwithstanding such Appointment, and notwithstanding any Law or Practice tk> the contrary now existing, be lawful and competent in Dispositions: and Conveyances of such Lands, Decrees of Adjudication, Instruments of Resignation and Sasine, Instru-mentaof Cognition and Sasine, and other Deeds and Instruments ofwhatNature soever necessary to transmit, renew, or complete the feudal .Title thereto, to omit the full Insertion of such Real?Burdens or Conditions or Limitations, provided such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall, in such Dispositions and Conveyances, Decrees of Adjudication, Instruments of Resignation and Sasine, Instruments of Cognition and Sasine, and bthefr Deeds or Instruments aforesaid, be specially referred to.ns set1 forth at full Length in the recorded Instrument of Resignation, tod Sasine in which the same were first inserted, okoitt any? recorded Ins triunen t of Resignation and Sasine, or of rro.-tiriL'* ) Cognition

Ileal Burdens may he referred to as already in the Register of

Sasines.

506 Cap. 49. Burgage Tenure (Scotland). 10 & 11 VlD&

Cognition and Sasine, of subsequent Date, and fanning Part of the Progress of Titles of the said Lands, such Reference being made in the Terms, or as nearly as may be in the Terms, set forth in Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed; and the Reference thus made to such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall be held as legally equivalent to the full Insertion thereof* and to all Intents and in all Questions whatsoever, whether with the Disponer or Superior, or Third Parties, shall have the same legal Effect as if the same had been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in the recorded Instrument referred tty notwithstanding of any Law or Practice to the contrary, and notwithstanding of any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary, which are hereby repealed to the Effect of making this Enactment operative, but no further.

The Form in V. And whereas it is expedient to assimilate in oertaifl Sadiesin^Lands Cases the Forms of Sasines in Lands holden in Burgage tt hoidenin Bur- those used in relation to Lands holden by the other Tenures gage to be as in be it enacted, That from and after the Thirtieth Day of Sep* Schedule (D.) tcmher next it shall no longer be necessary towards obtaining Infeftment in Lands holden in Burgage, upon a Disposition or other Deed of Conveyance, or upon a Decree of Adjudication or of Sale, that the Party or a Procurator for the Party obtaining Infeftment shall appear before the Provost, or some One of the Baillies of the Burgh in which such Lands are situated, and resign the same into his Hands as into the Hands of Her Majesty, and for such Provost or Baillie to give Sasine to such Party or Procurator, nor shall it be necessary to proceed to the Ground of the Lands, or to the Council Chamber of the Bough or to use any Symbol of Resignation or Sasine; and it shall be lawful and competent to resign and obtain Infeftment in such Lands, by presenting to the Town Clerk of such Burgh, being a Notary Public, such Disposition or other Deed, or such Decree and other necessary Warrants, and by such Town Clerk giving Sasine therein by subscribing and recording an Instrument in the Form and Manner herein-after mentioned; and the Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, following on such Disposition or other Deed or Decree, may be. expressed in the Form, or as nearly as may be in the Form, of Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, and shall be authenticated in the Manner shown in such Schedule; and such Sasine, or Resignation and Sasine, and such Instrument following thereon, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been made and received, and given and expressed, in the Mode and Form at present in uae, and that notwithstanding of an Act of the Scottish Parliament passed in the Year One thousand five hundred and sixty-seven, or any other Act of Parliament now in force to the contrary, all which are hereby repealed to the Extent of making this Act operative, but no further.

Instruments or

VI. And be it enacted, That every such Instrument of Sasine, mTs^netob' or Resignation and Sasine, shall be recorded in manner recorded. heretofore in use with regard to Instruments of Resignation and Sasine in Burgage Property, and the Town Clerks of Cities

and

507

16472 / "< Burgage Tenure (Scotland). Cap. 49.

tad?Burgh* are hereby required to register the same accordingly; and such Instruments of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, being so recorded, shall in all respects have the same Effect as if Resignation had been made and accepted, and Sasine had been given, and an Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, duly recorded, according to the Law and Practice heretofore in use.

VII. And be it enacted, That every such Instrument of Sasine^ or of Resignation and Sasine, may be competently and effectually recorded at any Time during the Life of the Party in whose Favour such Instrument has been expede, and the Date of Presentment and Entry set forth on any such Instrument .to-the Keeper of the Record shall be taken to be the Date or the Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, and Infeftment; and in case of any Error or Defect in any such Instrument it shall be competent of new to make and record an Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, which shall have Effect from the Date of the recording thereof as it* no previous Instrument or Instruments had been made or recorded.

Yin. And be it enacted, That it shall no longer he competent to use Letters of general Charge or special Charge, or general special Charge, but in an Action of Constitution of an Ancestor's Debt or Obligation against his unentered Heir the Citation on and Execution of the Summons in such Action shall be held to imply and be equivalent to a general Charge, the Inducim of which shall expire with the Indueia; of such Summons, and shall infer the like Certification with such general Charge; and it shall thereafter be competent to adopt under such Summons the same Procedure in all respects, and to pronounce the same Decree, which would have been competent had soda Summons been preceded by Letters of general Charge duly executed against such Heir according to the Law and Practice heretofore in use, which Decree shall be a valid Decree of Constitution; and in an Action of Adjudication against such Heir following on such Decree of Constitution, <>r in an Action of Adjudication against an unentered Heir for his own Debt or Obligation, the Citation on and Execution of the Summons of Adjudication shall be held to imply and be equivalent to a special Charge or general special Charge, as the Circumstances may require, the Inducise ot which Charge shall expire with the Inducke of such Summons, and shall infer the like Certification with such special Charge or general special Charge, as the Care may be; and it shall thereafter be competent to adopt Under such Summons the same Procedure in all respects, and to pronounce the same Decree, which would have been competent had such Summons been preceded by Letters of special Charge or general special Charge, as the Case may be, duly executed against such Heir according to the Law and Practice heretofore in use, which Decree shall he a valid Decree of Adjudication; mid in an Action of Constitution and Adjudication combined in the same Summons against an unentered Heir it shall be competent to adopt the same Procedure in all

Instruments of Resignation or Sasine may be recorded during Life of the Party in whose Favour such Instruments have been expede.

General and special and general special Charges to be no longer competent to be used.

Bill for Summonses of Adjudication, See. dispensed with. Unnecessary to libel and conclude for Decree of special Adjudication.

Court of Session may make Acts of Sederunt

Interpretation of Act.

Act to take effect on 30th Sept. 1847.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 49. Burgage Tenure (Scotland). 10 & 11 Wet.

respects, and to pronounce the same Decree, which would have been competent had such Summons been piJeoeded b$r Letters of general Charge duly executed against such Heir according to the Law and Practice heretofore in use; and in such combined Action of Constitution and Adjudication it shall be competent to pronounce Decree of Constitution and Adjudication in? one and the same Interlocutor, and to extract the same hi one and the same Extract, which Decree shall be a valid Decree of GoC-stitution and Adjudication, any thing in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Year One thousand five hundred and forty, and in another Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and twenty^oat, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law efr Practice, to the contrary notwithstanding, the said Acta being hereby repealed to the Extent of making these Enactments operative, but no further. > 1

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall no longer be necessary

that a Summons of Adjudication, or of Hanking and Sale, be preceded by a Bill, such Bill being hereby abolished. 1

X. And whereas it has been found inconvenient in Pfootioe c to libel and conclude for general Adjudication, of Lands as the Alternative only of special Adjudication in Terms of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and seventy-two be it enacted, That it shall no longer be necessary to libel or conclude for special Adjudication, and it shall be lawful to libel and conclude and decern for general Adjudication without such Alternative, any thing in the said last-mentioned Act or in any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding, the said last-mentioned Act and such other Acts being hereby repealed to the Effect of making this Enactment operative, but jao further.

XL. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Court of Session to pass such Act or Acts of Sederunt as the Court may deem proper for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act. '

XII. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act, except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context of this Act shall be repugnant to such Construction, the Word "Disponpr" shall extend to and include the Disponer's Heirs and Swj? cesaors; and the Word " Lands " shall include all other Heritable Subjects; and all Words used in the Singular Number shall be held to include several Persons or Things, and Words in the Plural shall include the Singular Number; and all Wont importing the Masculine Gender shall extend and be. applied , to Females as well as Males.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect from and after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

XIV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

tSrff.l r j; .; ! Burgage TenurA(SeodaaS). Oap|49.

« jI'. 1 u ..... -! i ..i i...

SCHEDULER to which, the foregoing Act jefere. i

'* > 11; ---- a — 1; ..

: SCHEDULE (i) V ' J '

After 'the inductibe and depositive Otitises the Deed may proceed thuss — -With; Entry at the* Tettaa > of [herd specify the Date of Entry], And l oblige niiyself to hifeft the said {here insert the IVamdvf the Disponee]and his foresaids tx» fee Holden of Her Majesty in free Burgage.5 And I hereby 'reapgn the Said Lands wad'others in farrobr'bf the eaid [kete insert the NcuOie of the Disponed} and hfe foresaids for new Infeftment [hr for new Liferedt infeftment, or for i*ew Infeftment id Liferent and Fee respectively, as the Case may be']. '* And I bmd> myself to frefe md> relieve the> said[here insert the Namte of Ihd DisponeeJ <tf ill Cess, Annuity, Ground Annual, and other public a^d parochial Burdens/ Add I assigni the Bents Of the1 said Lahds. And I also assigh the Writs and Evidents, andhavo delivered the same according to Inventory! i* And I grdrit Warrandice ap iccordsi And I consenti to the Registration hereof for Preservation lor for Presentation' and Execution] .; In! witness whbreof [hdre insert a Testing ' Clause in the usual Fomfjj.

\ Notd — l}^ Clauses hre assumed here"as- hectoring in h t)is-

1 - position, but they mhy be ubed in odier Deeds Wd Instrument; and in the event of itsbeitgnecessary to omK,

* 1 vary, or epudify any One ou moite of them, this may be

r*, doue, and theothev Clares may be retained. i , j,

- J / !> / *; > '' \ !_: ..... I,

.; schedule (b.)

Instead of inserting the Conditions of Entcril at lengthy these nay }bt referred to as follows; viz. — " But always with'and mdetf thfe Conditions, Provisions, Reservations, and Clansbsi jrohlbitory, irritant^ and resolutive, specified and contained in a Disposition and Deed of Entail [or " in the said Disposition add Deed of feitail," if it has been previously referred to, ]lof the aid Lands find others made and ^executed by the deceased E.F1 {Kete mention the Granter of the Entail], bearing Date he' T^ay Of *; ' in the Year 'and

ecorded in the Register of Tailzies od the Day

if Ya the Year [or " in an Instrument

) f Sisine id' the said Lands and others m favour of G.H., luted' ' and recorded in the Register of Sasineb

or the Btirgh'of 1 '; the Day

>f in the Year ' ]' 1

And in any subsequent Ctauses of the Deed, in trhicli it is cquisilc or usual to refer again to the 'Conditions of the Entail, he Reference may he made thus: — ".But always with and Hinder he Conditions, Provisions, Reservations, and Clauses, pro-libitory, irritant, and resolutive, before referred to."

510

Cap. 49.

Burgage Tenure (Scotland).

10 & into*.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Instead of inserting the Burdens, &c. at Length, these may be referred to as follows; riz1. — " Bat always with and under the Burdens, Conditions, Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Obligations [or such of these as mag apply to the Case] specified and at more Length set forth in an Instrument of Sasine in the said Lands and others " [here describe the Sasine in which the Burdens, \e. were first inserted, or any subsequent Sasine in which they are inserted, forming Part of the Progress of the Titles to the Lands, the Sasine being described by the Name of the Party in whose Favour it was passed, and the Date of Regis* tration in the Burgh Register].

And in any subsequent Clauses, in /cinch it is requisite or usual to refer again to the Burdens, §'c., the Reference may be made thus: — "But always with and under the Burdens, Conditions, Provisions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Obligations [or such of them as may apply to the Case] before referred to."

SCHEDULE (D.)

At there was by [or on behalf of] A.B.

[design the Disponee or other Person to whom R'tsine is given] presented to me, Notary Public and Town Clerk of the said Burgh subscribing, a Disposition [or other Deed, or an Extract of a Deed, or any other Warrant, as the Case may be,] granted by C. 1).

[here design the Part// Granter of the Deed], and bearing Date the Day of [here

describe shortly any connecting Deed or Writ, or Extract thereof, in virtue of which Sasine is given], by which Disposition the said C.D. sold, alienated, and disposed to the said A.B.

[or to EE., as the Case may be,] and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever, [here insert the Destination, if any,] heritably and irredeemably! [or redeemably, in Liferent, or otherwise, as the Case may be,] all and whole [here insert the Description of the Subjects conveyed, and any Conditions, Burdens, or Qualifications, or Power of Re* dernption, or any Reference to tl/e same, as in the Disposition, and if the Disposition by C.D. was not to A.B. himself, but is vested in him as Assignee, Heir, or Adjudger, or otherwise, in whole or in part, state shortly the successive Transferences, and the Way in which he has Right thereto,] which Disposition contains an Obligation to infeft the said A.B.

[or E.F., as the Case mag be], to be holden of Her Majesty in Free Burgage, and also contains Procuratory to make Resignation of the said Lands and others in favour of the said Disponee and his foresaids, for new Infeftment [or for new Liferent Infeftment, or for new Infeft-ment in Liferent and Fee respectively, as the Case may be]. In virtue of which Procuratory the said Lands and others were resigned, and in Terms of the said Disposition I hereby give Sasine to the said A.B. of all and whole the foresaid Lands and others [if the Deed contains any Conditions, See., or any Reference to the same as aforesaidthen add. "but always under the

Con-

511

1847# Burgoxgt Tenure (Scotland). Cap. 49, 50.

Conditions, £e., before specified" or "referred to," as the Ct may be]. In witness whereof I have subscribed these Presents, written on this and the preceding Pages by G.H.,

my Clerk* before these Witnesses, I.K. my Apprentice, and the said G.H.

(Motto.) L.M., Notary Public.

G.H., Witness.

I.K.y Witness.

Note. — The Notary will sign according to the present Practice, tnd the Witnesses will sign on the last Page only, and if the Instrument proceeds upon a Decree of Adjudication or of Sale the necessary Changes will be made on the above Form.

CAP. L.

An Act to facilitate the Constitution and Transmission of Heritable Securities for Debt in Scotland, and to render the same more effectual for the Recovery of Debts.

[-2:>th June 1847.]

WHEREAS an Art was passed in the Eighth and Ninth

" Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled

An Act to facilitate the Transmission and Extinction of Heri- 8 & 9 Vict. c. si.

table Securities for Debt in Scotland, and it is expedient like-'wise to facilitate the Constitution of such Securities, and to

render the same more effectual for the Recovery of Debt Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Aftersoth Sept. Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and 1817 Bonds and forty-seven it shall be lawful for any Person entitled to grant Bond and Disposition in Security in favour of his Creditors to granted* in the grant the same in the Form or as nearly as may be in the Form ot &he-of Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed; and the Registration of \''d

such Bond and Disposition in Security in the General Register registered in of Sasines, or Particular Register of Sasines, or Burgh Register the Register of of Sasines, as the Tenure of the Lands embraced in the Secu- sines* rity may require, shall be as effectual and operative to all Intents and Purposes as if such Bond and Disposition in Security had contained, in the Case of Subjects held by the ordinary Tenures, an Obligation to infeft a me rel de me, Procuratory of Resignation, and Precept of Sasine, and in the Case of Burgage Subjects, an Obligation to infeft more lhirgi. and a Procurator) of Resignation, all in the Words and Form now in use, and as if Sasine, or Resignation and Sasine, as the ('asc may be, had been duly made, accepted, and given thereon in favour of the original Creditor, and an Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, as the Case may be, had been duly recorded of the Date of the Registration of the said Bond and J )isposition in Security as aforesaid.

Iv k 2 11. And

Explanation of Clauses in Schedule (A.)

Clauses reserving Right of Redemption, and of Obligation to pay Expence of Assignation or Discharge and Power of Sale, valid, &c.

Cap. 50. Heritable Securities (Scotland), 10 & 11Vl'CT,

II. And be it enacted, That the Clause of Assignation of Rents to become due or payable shall be held to import an Assignation to Rents from and after the Term from which Interest on the Sum in the Bond commences to run in the fuller Form now generally in use, including therein a Power to the Creditor, on default in Payment, to enter into Possession of the Lands disponed in Security and uplift the Rents thereof, Subject to accounting to the Debtor for any Balance of Rents actually recovered beyond what is necessary for Payment of the Creditor; and the Clause of Assignation of Writs shall be held to import an Assignation to Writs and Evident3 to the same Effect as in the fuller Form now in use in a Bond and Disposition in Security with Power of Sale; and the Clause of Warrandice shall be held to import absolute Warrandice as regards the Lands and the Title Deeds thereof, and Warrandice from Fact and Deed as regards the Rents; and the Clause consenting to Registration for Preservation and Execution shall import'a Consent to Registration and a Procuratory for Registration in the Books of Council and Session, or other Judge's Books competent for Preservation, and that Letters of Horning or Six Days Charge, and all other necessary Execution, may pass on a Decree to be interponed thereto; and the Clause consenting to Registration in the General or Particular or Burgh Register of Sasines shall entitle the Creditor to register the said Bond accordingly, either in the General Register of Sasines, or Particular Register of Sasines, or Burgh Register of Sasines, as the Tenure of the Lands embraced in the Security may require.

III. And be it enacted, That the Clauses reserving Right ot Redemption, and obliging the Granter to pay the Expences of assigning or discharging the Security, and, on default, in Payment, granting Power of Sale, shall be in all respects as valid, effectual, and operative as if it had been in such Bond, and Disposition in Security specially provided and declared that the Lands and others thereby disponed should be redeemable by the Granter, his Heirs and Successors, from the Grantee and his Heirs and Successors, at the Term and Place of Payment, or at any Term of Whitsunday or Martinmas thereafter, upon Premonition of Three Months, to be made by the Granter or hisfore-saids to the Grantee or his foresaids, personally or at their Dwelling Places, if within Scotland, and if furth thereof at the Time then at the Office of the Keeper of the Record of Edictal Citations within the General Register House, Edinburgh, in presence of a Notary Public and Witnesses, and that by Payment to them of the whole Principal Sum payable Under the Bond and Disposition in Security, Interest due thereon, and liquidated Expences and termly Failures corresponding thereto, if incurred, and in case of their Absence or Refusal to receive the same, by Consignation thereof, in one or other of the Banks in Scotland, incorporated by Act of Parliament or Royal Charter, having an Office or Branch at the Place of Payment* to be made forthcoming on the Peril of the Consigner, the Place of Redemption to be within the Office of such Bank or Branch

iW.

11 I.

Heritable Securities ('Scotland)»

Cap. 50.

tJierTppf; and ap if it had been thereby further provided and declared that any Discharge and Renunciation, Disposition and Assignation, or other- Deed necessary, to be granted by the Grantee or his foresaids, upon the Granter or his foresaids making Payment and redeeming as aforesaid, and also the recording thereof, should always be at the Expence of the Granter and his foresaids; and as if it had been thereby further provided and declared that it' the 6ranter or his foresaids should fail to make Payment of the Sums that should be due py. the personal Obligation contained in the said Bond and Disposition in Security within Three Months alter a Demand of Payment intimated to the Granter or his foresaids, whether of full Age or in Pupillarity or Minority, or although subject to any legal Incapacity, personally, or at their Dwelling Places if within Scotland, or if furth thereof at the Office of the Keeper of the Record of Edictal Citations above mentioned, by a Notary Public and Witness^ then and in that Case it should be lawful to and in the Power of the Grantee or his foresaids, immediately after the Expiration of the said Three Months, and without any other Intimation or Process at Law, to sell and dispose, in whole or in Luts, of the said Lands and others by public Roup, at Edinburgh or Glasgow* or at the Head Burgh of the County within which the said Lands and others, or the chief Part thereof, are situated, OX at the Burgh or Town sending or contributing to sc-ml a Member to Parliament which, whether within or without the County, shall be nearest to such Lands, or the chief Part thereof, on previous Advertisement, stating the Time and Place of Sale, and published Once weekly for at least Six Weeks sul>equent to the Expiry of the said Three Months, in any Newspaper published in Edinburgh, and also in any Newspaper published in such County, or if there be hp Newspaper published in such County, then in any Newspaper published in the next or a neighbouring County, the Grantee being always bound, upon Payment of the Price, to hold count and reckoning with the Granter or his foresaids for the same, after Deduction of the Principal Sum secured. Interest due thereon, and liquidated Penalties corresponding to both which .may be incurred, and all Expences attending the Sale, and for that end to enter into Articles of Roup, grant Dispositions containing all u&ual and necessary Clauses, and in particular a Clause binding the Granter of the said I>ond and Disposition in Security, and his Heirs, in absolute Warrandice of such Dispositions, and obliging him and them to corroborate and confirm pie same, and to grant all other Deeds and Securities requisite and necessary by the Laws of Scotland for rendering such Sale Or Sales effectual, in thi same Manner and as amply in every respect as the Granter could do himself; and as if it had been thereby further provided and declared that the paid Proceedings should all be valid and effectual, whether the Debtor in the said Bond and Disposition in Security for the Time should he of full Age, or in Pupillarity or Minority, or although subject, to any legal Incapacity ', and that such Sale or Sales should be

Kk 3 equally

514

Cap. 50.

Heritable Securities (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Conditions of Grantor's Title may be omitted,

equally good to the Purchaser or Purchasers as if the Grantor himself had made them, and also that in carrying such Sale or Sales into execution it should be lawful to the Grantee and his foresaids to prorogate and adjourn the Day of Sale from Time to Time as they should think proper, previous Advertisement of such Adjournment being given in the Newspapers above mentioned Once weekly for at least Three Weeks; and a& if the Granter had bound and obliged himself and his foresaids to ratify, approve of, and confirm any Sale or Sales that should be made in consequence thereof, and to grant absolute and irredeemable Dispositions of the Lands and others so to be sold to the Purchaser or Purchasers, their Heirs and Assignees, and to execute and deliver all other Deeds and Writings necessary for rendering their Rights complete.

IV. And be it enacted, That in Bonds and Dispositions in Security to be granted in Terms of this Act it shall be lawful ifreferred^oas* and competent, notwithstanding any Declaration to the contrary set forth in a contained or to be contained in the Rights and Title Deeds of

recorded Instru- t]ic Lalu]s embraced by the Security, instead of inserting at

ment o inc- fu][Length any Conditions, Reservations, Restrictions, and Provisions under which such Lands and other Heritages are held, to make Reference to the same as set forth at full Length in the recorded Instrument, whether of Sasine or Resignation ad remanentiam, in which the same were first inserted, or any other recorded Instrument of Sasine, forming a Part of the

Investiture of the Granter of such Security in the said Lands,

and which shall contain such Conditions, Reservations, Restrictions, and Provisions at full Length, such recorded Instrument being described by the Name of the Person in whose Favour the same was expede, the Register of Sasines in which the same is recorded, and the Date of recording the same; and such Reference shall be, to all Intents, and in all Questions whatever, whether with the original Disponer or the Superior, or any other Party, as valid and effectual as if the same had been inserted at Length exactly as they may be expressed in such Instrument referred to.

V. And be it enacted, That Bonds and Dispositions in Security presented for Registration in the Register of Sasines in pursuance of this Act shall be forthwith shortly registered in the Minute Books of the said Register in common Form, and shall with all due Despatch be fully registered in the Register Books, and thereafter re-delivered to the Parties, with Certificates of due Registration thereon, which shall be probative of such Registration, such Certificates specifying the Date of Presentation, and the Book and Folio in which the Ingrossment has been made, and being subscribed by the Keeper of the Register; and the Date of Entry in the Minute Book shall be held to be the Date of Registration; and Extracts of Writings registered in pursuance of this Act shall make faith in all Cases in like Manner as the Writings registered, except where the Writings so registered are offered to be improves

Bonds and Dispositions in Security, how to be registered in Register of Sasines.

Heritable Securities (Scotland) *

Cap. 50 *

51$

VI. And be it enacted, That Bonds and Dispositions in and Dii-Security to be granted as aforesaid may be registered in the Register of Sasines at any Time during the Lifetime of the be registered Grantee, and shall in competition be preferred according to the during Lifetime Date of the Registration thereof: Provided always, that if such xitfeco^'leted Bond and Disposition in Security has not been so registered in after his Death, the Lifetime of the Grantee, such Bond and Disposition shall be is full and sufficient Warrant of Sasine in favour of the Party laving Right to the Bond by Service, Adjudication, or otherwise, as if it had been a Bond and Disposition including Precept )f Sasine and other Clauses in the ordinary Form now in use; ind Infeftment being passed upon the same in the Form or as aearly as may be in the Form prescribed by an Act passed in; he Session of Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth if ears of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to 8 & 9 Vict. c.s 5. implify the Form and diminish the Expence of obtaining Infeft-nent in Heritable Property in Scotland, and duly recorded, shall >e to all Intents and Purposes good and valid Infeftment in avour of the Party so infeft.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Sale duly carried through Sale carried n Terms of this Act shall be as valid and effectual to the Pur- Xerms of this baser as if made by the Granter of the Security himself, and Act to be valid hat whether the Granter shall have died before or after such to the Pur-Sale, and without the Necessity of Confirmation by him or his chaser *

Heirs, and notwithstanding that the Party Debtor in the Security and in right of the Lands at the Time shall be in Pupillarity or Minority or subject to any legal Incapacity:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be held to iffect or prejudice the Obligation of the Granter and his Heirs o execute, or the Right of the Creditor or Purchaser to require he Granter and his Heirs to execute, any Deed or Deeds which, ndependently of this Enactment, would at Common Law be lecessary for rendering the Sale effectual, or otherwise complet-ng in due Form the Titles of such Purchaser.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Creditor, upon Receipt Creditors >f the Price, shall be bound to hold count and reckoning herefor with the Debtor and postponed Creditor, if any such the Surplus of here be, and their Heirs and Assignees, or with any other the Price, and Party having Interest, and to consign the Surplus which may emain after deducting the Debt secured, with the Interest due Bank, hereon and Penalties incurred, and whole Expences attending uch Sale, and after paying all previous Incumbrances and the Sixpence of discharging the same, in one or other of the said Banks, or in a Branch of any such Bank, in the joint Names of he Seller and Purchaser, for Behoof of the Party or Parties laving best Right thereto; and the particular Bank in which uch Consignation is to be made shall be specified in the Articles f Roup.

IX. And be it enacted, That upon a Sale being carried On Sale and hrough in Terms of this Act, and upon Consignation of the surplus of the Price* if any be, as aforesaid, thfe Disposition by touj£ aLncum* he Creditor to the Purchaser shall have the Effect of com- beredof the

Kk 4 pletely Security and

Diligence of the Seller, &c.

The Act 8 & 9 Vict. c. 51. to apply to the Transmission and Extinction of Securities granted under this Act.

Fees to be taken by existing Town Clerks of Royal Ilurghs and Keepers of Registers during their respective Rights of Office, &t\

Court of Session may make Acts of Sederunt.

Existing Forms of Security to be still competent.

Interpretation of Act.

Cap. oO. Heritable Securities (Scotland). 10 & 11 VICTi

plctely disencumbering the Lands and others sold of all .Securities and Diligences posterior to the Security of such Creditor; as well as of the Security and Diligence of such Creditor himself.

X. And be it enacted, That all the Provisions, Conditions, and Enactments contained in the said recited Act shall be held to apply to the Transmission and Extinction of Heritable Securities for Debt in Scotland, constituted in Terms of this Act: Provided always, that where, in the Assignations, Writs of Acknowledgment, Discharges, or other Instruments granted under the said recited Act, Reference is thereby directed to be made to the Instrument of Sasine on any Bond and Disposition in Security, it shall be sufficient, in the Case of a Bond and Disposition in Security granted under Authority of this Act, to make Reference to the Date of recording such Bond and Disposition in Security itself in the Register of Sashas.1 »,

XL. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the existing Town Clerks of Royal Burghs in Scotland, during the Existence of their respective Rights of Office, from exacting and receiving the same Fees, in respect of recording Bonds and Dispositions in Security under this Act, ns the same Town Clerks would before the passing of this Act have been legally entitled to exact or receive on their own Account, in respect of passing the Infeftments within Burgh and preparing and recording the Instruments of Sasine and Resignation on said Bonds and Dispositions in Security; provided always, that in computing the said Fees such Instruments of Sasine and Resignation shall not be computed as of greater Length than the Writings actually recorded whereby such Instruments of Sasine and Resignation have been rendered unnecessary; and all other Keepers of Registers of Sasine, during the Existence of their respective Rights of Office, or until otherwise regulated by Law, shall, upon the Registration by them of such Bonds and Dispositions in Security, be entitled to the same Fees as such Keeper would have been entitled to upon the Registration of an Instrument of Sasine of the same Length in favour of the same Party in reference to the same Right, and to no other or further Fee whatever.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Court of Session to pass such Acts of Sederunt ns the said Court may deem proper for regulating the Register of Sasines, and the Fees to be paid to the several Keepers thereof for Registrations in virtue of this Act, and generally for earn ing out the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Establishment of Heritable Securities in the Forms in use, or which might be competently used, ait ithe passing of this Act.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act, except where the Xrature of the Provision, or the Context Qt' this Act, shall be repugnant to such Construction, lthfe W«fd

" Grantor"

184W: ' HtriUMe Securities (Scotland)* Cap. 50, 517

"Grranter" shall extend to and include the Grantors Heirs,

Successors, and Representatives; and the Word "Debtor" shall include the Debtor's Heirs, Successors, and Representatives; and the Word " Creditor" shall extend to and include the Party in whose Favour the Bond and Disposition in Security is .granted, and his Heirs and Assignees, or other Party acquiring Right to such Security; and the Word " Lands" shall include all other Heritable Subjects; and all Words used in the Singular Number shall be held to include several Persons or Things; and all Words importing the Masculine Gender shall extend and be applied to Females as well as Males.

XV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of amended, &c. Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act re fers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

I A.B.

[here name and design the Grantor] grant me to have instantly borrowed and received from C.D.

[here name and design the Creditor the Sum of [insert th<' Suni] Sterling; which Sum I bind myself and mv Heirs, Executors, and Representatives whomsoever, without the Necessity of discussing them in their Order, to repay to the said C.D. or his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever, at the Term of [here insert the Date mid Place of Payment], with a Fifth Part more of liquidate Penalty in case of 1 ail lire, and the legal interest, of the said Principal Sum from the Date hereof to the said Term of Payment, and half-yearly termly and proportionally thereafter during the Not-payment of the same, and that at Two Terms in the Year, Whitsunday and Martinmas, by equal Portions, beginning the First Term's Payment of the said Interest at the Term of next to come, for the Interest due preceding that

Date, and the next Term's Payment thereof at following, and so forth, half-yearly termly and proportionally thereafter during the Not-payment of the Principal Sum, with a Fifth Part more of the Interest due at each Term of liquidate Penalty in case of Failure in the punctual Payment thereof. And in Security of the personal Obligation before written, I dispone to and in favour of the said C.D. and his foresaids, heritably, but redeemable as after mentioned, yet irredeemably in the event of a Sale by virtue hereof, all and whole [here describe the Lands or ether Heritages] (a) and that in Real Security to the said C.D. and his foresaids of the whole Sums of Money above written, Principal, Interest, and Penalties. And I assign the Rent-; and assign the Writs; and I grant Warrandice; and I reserve Power of Redemption; and J oblige niyself for the Expences of assigning and discharging this Security 5 and on default in Payment I grant Power of Bale; and I consent to Registration for Preservation and Execution, and also

to

. r.' i i

1

518 Cap. 50, 51. Heritable Securities (Scotland)* 10 & 11Vlflff.

to Registration in the General or Particular [or Burgh, as the Case mar/ he, '] Register of* Sasines. In witness whereof, &c.

[add a Testing Clause].

(a) If the Lands are held under any Conditions, Reservations, Restrictions, and Provisions, say here, — " But with and under the whole Conditions, Reservations. Restrictions, and Provisions specified and contained in an Instrument of Sasine, or 4Resignation ad re-mauentiam, ' in the said Lands and others, in favour of E.F, recorded in the [here mention the Register in which the Instrument if recorded], upon the Day of in the Year

Signatures and Precepts to Chancery abolished.

Charters to be obtained by lodging a Draft thereof and Note along with the Title Deeds.

CAP. LI.

An Act to amend the Practice in Scotland with regard to Crown Charters and Precepts from Chancery.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Mode presently in use in Scotland of obtaining Charters from Her Majesty and from the Prince and Steward of Scotland, and Precepts from Chancery forinfefting Heirs:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may lie enacted: and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, nnd by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the Practice of presenting and passing Signatures in Exchequer, and of thereon framing and issuing Precepts, as preliminary to the granting of Charters from Her Majesty or the Prince and Steward of Scotland, shall cease and determine; and it shall no longer be necessary, in order to the obtaining of any Charter, that such Signature shall be presented and passed, or such Precept be framed and issued; and all such Charters shall be obtained in the Manner directed by this Act, and not otherwise; and all Laws, Statutes, and Usages heretofore existing, inconsistent with or at variance with the Provisions of this Act, shall be and are hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That any Person seeking to obtain a Charter from Her Majesty or from the Prince and Steward of Scotland shall lodge or cause to be lodged, in the Office of the

O D J

Presenter of Signatures, a Draft of the proposed Charter, prepared by his Agent, being a Writer to the Signet, whose Signature shall be endorsed thereon, together with a short Note, in the Terms or to the Effect of the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, praying for a Charter in Terms of the said Draft; and the Date of lodging such Note shall be marked thereon by the Presenter of Signatures or his Clerk; and along with such Note and Draft there shall be lodged the last Crown Charter or Prince's Charter, or Retour or Decree of Service, and Precept from Chancery, of the Lands, and all the Title Deeds of the Lands subsequent thereto, together with Evidence? of the

valued

184Y. Crown Charters (Scotland). Cap. 51.

valued Kent when necessary, and an Inventory and Brief of the Titles according- to the present Practice.

III. And be it enacted, That the Draft Charter so lodged shall be forthwith revised by the Presenter of Signatures, who shall require the Attendance of the Agent of the Person applying for the Charter, for the Purpose of receiving his Explanations; and the Presenter of Signatures shall thereafter proceed with the Revision of the said Draft, making such Alterations and Corrections as are necessary, and lie shall, after his final Revisal of such Draft, authenticate each Page thereof, and the several Alterations and Corrections thereon, if any, with his Initials, and shall mark on such Draft that the same has been revised by him, and also the Date when such Revisal was completed; and the Fees on Signatures presently payable to the Presenter of Signatures shall be chargeable on the Draft Charter to be lodged and revised as aforesaid, and all other Fees presently payable to the Officers of Exchequer on Signature shall cease and determine.

IV. And be it enacted, That if it shall appear that any Mistake has occurred in the Terms of the last Charter or Retour or Decree of Service to the Prejudice of the Crown or Prince, the Person applying for the Charter shall farther, on Requisition made to him or his Agent, to that Effect, by Order of the Prc senter of Signatures, lodge the prior Title Deeds of the said Lands, and any other Title Deeds of and concerning the same, in so far as such Title Deeds may be in his Possession or at his Command, and in so far as tin* same may be necessary for tlu* due Revisal of the said Draft on behalf of Her Majesty or tin* Prince, and the Rectification of such Mistake, which may be rectified accordingly; and on tin-other hand, if the Vassal shall allege any Mistake to have occurred in the Terms of the last Charter or Retour or Decree of Service to his Prejudice, the Person applying for the Charter shall be entitled, without such Requisition, to produce the prior Titles of the said Lands, and any other Title Deeds or other Deeds of and concerning the same, in so far as these may be necessary for the due Revisal of the said Draft and the Rectification of such Mistake, which may be rectified accordingly; but no such Rectification shall in either Case be allowed, nor the Draft be held as finally revised or authenticated a> such, until the same shall have been reported by the Presenter of Signatures to and approval of by the Judges performing the Duties of the Court of Exchequer, in Terms of an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of tin* Reign of Her Majesty, for regulating the Duties to he performed in the Supreme Courts of Scotland, or One of the said Judges.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when the last Charter or Retour or Decree of Service shall be withheld by the Person applying as aforesaid, or cannot be so lodged from being in the Possession of the Proprietor of other Lands therein contained, or from any other good Cause, it shall be competent for the Presenter of Signatures, or for the Person applying as

519

Draft Charter to be revised.

Rectification of Mistakes in former Titles.

Presenter of Signature, «S:c. may refer to Copy of Charter, &c. when withheld.

Amount of Crown Duties to be fixed.

Clerk's Fees.

Copy of revised Draft to be furnished to the Party.

If no Objections, the revised Draft to be attested, and the Charter prepared.

Charters may be applied for at any Time.

Objections, if any, to be by a Note.

Cap. 51.

(r'oM'71 Charters (Scotland). 10 & 11

aforesaid, to refer to the Copy thereof ingrossedm of the Great Seal, or in the Register

Service, and to procure Exhibition thereof a3 IjlvideftcO 6f, tW Terms of such last Charter or Retour or Decree! of SeTOceiJ and the Lord Clerk Register is hereby authorize'd and rbjiugeu to make such Regulation as will enable the Exhibuidii to be obtained for the Purpose aforesaid, upon foe iointjApplication of the Person so applying and 6r 'the Presenter of Signatures. !' r '"

VI. And be it enacted, That the Presenter of Si^atta

shall also, With the Aid of the Auditor of Exchequer, ascertain and fix the Amount of Composition or other Duties due apa payable to Her Majesty or the Prince on granting such Charter^ and the Amount of the same shall be marked on the said Dr^ft, and certified by the Signatures of the said Auditor of E^her (pier and of the Presenter of Signatures; and in ascertaining and fixing the Amount of such Composition and other Duties payable to the Crown there shall be no Charge added for the: Expence of collecting the same, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding., '

VII. And be it enacted, That the Person applying.fof; sucK Charter shall be bound to pay to the Clerk of the Presenter of Signatures the Fees to be fixed in manner herjein-after provided; and which Pees shall be paid over by such Clerkto the Director of Chancery, who shall be accountable therefor.

VIII. And be it enacted, That such revised Draft shall be1 retained in the Office of the Presenter of Signatures^ and shall, he there open to the Inspection of the Party applying for the Charter or his Agent, and a Copy thereof shall be furnished On Demand, on Payment of the Fees to be fixed afe

directed. ' 1 .

IX. And be it enacted, That where no Objections shaft be stated to the Draft as so revised a Docquet shaft be put thereon, certifying that the same is approved, which Docquet shall he signed by the Agent applying for the!Charter and by the Presenter of Signatures, and the Date Of signing the, same thereon set forth; and such Draft so docqueted sftall' without being given up to the Party applying tot the Chatter or his Agent, be officially transmitted by the Presenter of Signatures to the Office of the Director of Chancery, and shall form a valid and sufficient Warrant for the immediate Preparation of the Charter in Chancery, in Terms of suejx Dteifti, 1

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to apply

for the Charter in manner before directed, and1 tq revise the Draft of the same, and in the event of the same ' being dnequeted as revised and approved in mannef aforesaid, tOj prepare and deliver the Charter as herein-after directed, at1 any Period of the Year, and notwithstanding that it, shall not (theil be Term Time of the Court of Exchequer.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be laWiuT for th^ Person applying for the Charter, if dis-satisfied With the Drjift revised as aforesaid, to state Objections thereto' or against the

Amount

521

Qrown Gh^te$s(fyoflqfid).

Cap. 51,

of Duties and Composition th^repn marked as payable; and such .ptyectiona shall be set forth in a short written Note of Objections, without Argument, to hai lodged in Ttfyo Office of the Presenter ot Signatures, subscribed by the i^ent of such person and the Date of lodging such (Note \of Objections shad be marked thereon by the Presenter of Signatures or his Clerk, i, , !

, 'AlI, Apd be> it, enacted, That where any Note of Objection Objections, how shall be so lodged, such Note shall, together with the whole to be disP°^ other Proceedings, be laid before the said Judges, or auy One of of* the said Judges; and the, said Judges ort Judge shall hear the Person fo objecting by himself his Counsel or his Agent, being a Writef to the Signet, and shall, also hear any Report or Statement by the Presenter of Signatures; and wherever it shall appear to the said Judges or Juage that the said Objections should to any Extent receive Effect, they or he shall cause such Alterations, and Corrections as shall appear to them or him proper, either with reference to the Terms of the said Draft, or to the Amount of Duties or other Payments marked thereon aa payable, to be made on such Draft, or to be expressed iu a separate Paper marked as relative thereto, and shall authenticate such Draft and relative Paper with their or his Signature; and the said Judges or Judge shall at the same Time pronounce a Judgment or Deliverance* to, be written on the Note of Objections, appointing the Charter, as so altered and corrected, to be prepared and executed; and the Judgment or Deliverance so TOonounped shall form a valid and sufficient Warrant for the Preparation in Chancery of the Charter as altered and corrected.

XltI. And be it enacted, That wherever the said Judges or* Procedure if Judge shall be of opinion that the said Objections should not to Object5011 any Extent receive Effect, they or he shall pronounce a Judg- repe e ment, to be written pp the said Note of Objections* repelling the said jObjections; and the Judgment or Deliverance so prp-

?ounced shall form a valid and sufficient Warrant for the 'reparation in Chancery of the Charter as revised by the Presenter of Signatures fo manner before directed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That wherever the Presenter of Refuel to re-Signatures aforesaid shall be of opinion that the Person applying for the Charter has .not produced a Title sufficient to show that he has. Right to obtain the same, the Presenter of Signatures shall mark on the said Draft that the same is refused for Want of sufficient Production of Titles* adding thereto his Signature and: the Date of affixing the same; and his Clerk shall intimate such Refusal to the Agent of the said Person, and shall, on Demand, return the Draft to such Agent; and in every such Case it shall bp competent for the Person who shall have applied for the Charter to bring such Refusal under Review of the said Judges or Judge by a Note> of Objection lodged in manner aforesaid and the said Judges or Judge shall, after considering such^Note* and, hearing Parties thereon in manner aforesaid, sj^foinupr/epel the, Objection, of pronounce suck Judgment,

, 1 / thereon

522

Cap. 51.

Crown Charters (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Charter as revised to be in-

gro'sed and delivered.

Charter to be valid.

Ceremony of

Resignation

abolished.

thereon as shall be just; and if the said Judges or Judge shall be of opinion that a sufficient Title has been shown to authorize the Charter being granted, they or he shall in that Case remit to the Presenter of Signatures to proceed with the Revisal of the Draft in manner before mentioned.

XV. And be it enacted, That as soon as the Draft shall have been docqueted as revised and approved in manner before provided, or, in case of Objections being stated, as soon as the same shall have been disposed of by the Judges or Judge in Exchequer in manner before directed, it shall be lawful immediately thereafter to have the Charter ingrossed in the Office of Chancery aforesaid, in Terms of the Draft as finally adjusted and officially transmitted to the Director of Chancery; and the said Charter shall have the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be kept and used in Scotland in place of the Great Seal thereof formerly in use affixed thereto, or the Seal of the Prince if the Charter be of Lands holden of the Prince, and a separate Seal he then in use for such Charters, and shall be recorded in Chancery, and thereafter delivered to the Person applying for the same, or his Agent, in like Manner in all respects, and on Payment of the same Fees and Charges, as at present used and observed and payable, and the Date of sealing shall in all Cases he held and expressed to be the Date of the Charter: Provided always, that before the Charter shall be so delivered Payment shall be made to the Officers who are or may be entitled to receive the same of the Amount of Duties and Compositions payable to Her Majesty or the Prince, ascertained and fixed as aforesaid; and a Record of the Amount of Duties payable to Her Majesty or the Prince shall be kept in Chancery* so ns to form a Charge against the Officer or other Person appointed to receive the same.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Charter, ingrossed, sealed, recorded, and delivered as aforesaid, shall be in all respects as valid and effectual, and form an equally sufficient Warrant for Infcftment passing thereon, as any Charter of the same Description hitherto in use to be granted by Her Majesty or the Prince and Steward of Scotland, notwithstanding that the same has not followed on any Signature presented and passed in Exchequer or Precept directed thereon, any Law or Usage heretofore existing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which a Charter of Resignation by Her Majesty or the Prince and Steward of Scotland is applied for, it shall not, from and after the Date aforesaid, be necessary to go through any Form or Ceremony of Resignation, but in all Cases Resignation shall be held to be duly made and completed in Terms of the Procuratory of Resignation by the ingiving of the Note applying for the Charter as aforesaid, and as of the Date of such ingiving; and the Charter of Resignation shall set forth that Resignation was made of the Date of applying for the same, without the Necessity of specially setting forth such Date, and shall otherwise deduce the Titles according to Law: and every such Charier of Resignation

C.

L847.' r* .Crown Charten (Scotland). Cap. 51. 528

istkm shall be as valid and effectual, and form an equally infficient Warrant for Infeftment passing thereon, as any Charter of Resignation heretofore granted by Her Majesty or he Prince, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Date Precepts from

Joresaid, when any Person who has obtained himself s erved as Heir to a deceased Ancestor, or Decree of how to

Service, shall seek to obtain a Precept from Chancery for be obtained, nfefting himself as such Heir, he shall in like Manner as before

lirected lodge or cause to be lodged in the Office of the,

Presenter of Signatures the Retour or Decree of his special Service, and a Draft of the proposed Precept, prepared by his \gent, being a Writer to the Signet, in the Form, or as *early as the Case will admit, of the Schedule (B.) hereunto nnexed, together with a Note in the Terms or to the Effect >efore directed, and the last Charter or Charters or Retour or decree of Service and other Titles of the Lands as aforesaid, nd the said Draft shall be revised by the Presenter of Signatures on behalf of Her Majesty or the Prince and Steward of Scotland in manlier aforesaid; and all the Provisions hereinbefore contained with regard to Drafts of Charters from Her Majesty or the Prince and Steward of Scotland shall be and the ame are hereby made applicable to such Drafts of Precepts; ind the Draft of such Precept, when docqueted as revised and pproved in manner before provided, or, in the Case of Objeo-ions, the Judgment or Deliverance of the Judges or Judge in Exchequer aforesaid, shall, when officially transmitted to the )ffice of the Director of Chancery in manner aforesaid, form . valid and sufficient Warrant for the Preparation in Chancery >f the Precept in Terms of the Draft as finally corrected and pproved, and the same shall forthwith be ingrossed in the Office f Chancery aforesaid, and after being recorded in manner fierein-fter directed shall be delivered to the Person applying for the ame, in like Manner, and on Payment of the same Fees and Jharges, as at present used and observed and payable; and the 'recept so ingrossed and delivered shall be in all respects as valid ad effectual, and form an equally sufficient Warrant for Lnfeft-lent passing thereon, as any the like Precept issued from Chancery according to the Mode presently in use: Provided lways, that before the Precept is so delivered Payment shall be lade of the Amount of Duties and Composition payable to the Drown or Prince, as the same shall have been fixed in manner have mentioned.

XIX. And be it enacted, That from and after the Date Precepts may oreaaid it shall not be necessary that any Precept from Chancery t^He^hold^ or infefting Heirs shall proceed, as heretofore, exclusively on only a general8 pecial Service in the particular Lands for Infeftment in which Service.

uch Precept is sought* but it shall be competent for any Person o apply for and obtain such Precept on lodging, along with the Charter or Charters or other Title as aforesaid, an Extract Retour r Decree of general Service, duly expede and recorded, instructing he Propinquity of such Person to the Party who died last vest

and

pecially Chancery to Heir specially

Record of Precepts to be kept.

Charters of Confirmation may be granted, combined with Precepts for in-fefting Heir.

Charters of Novodamus how to be obtained.

Cap. 51. Crown Charters (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

and seised in the Subjects, or the Character of Heir otherwise vested in him, and establishing his Right to succeed to the said Lands; and the Precept granted on Production of such Extract Retour or Decree of general Service shall be expressed in the Form, or as nearly so as the Case will admit, of the said Schedule (B.), and shall be applied for, revised, and obtained in like Manner as herein-before directed in regard to Charters, and the Infeftment passing on such Precept shall be as valid and effectual as the Infeftment passing on any Precept for infefting Heirs hitherto in use to be issued from Chancery.

XX. And be it enacted, That from and after the Date foresaid the Director of Chancery, or his Depute or Substitute, shall record or cause to be recorded at full Length every Precept, whether of Crown or Principality Lands, issued from Chancery for infefting Heirs, in a Book or Books to be kept exclusively for that Purpose, intituled " The Record of Preceptsand Extracts from the said Record, certified by the Director of Chancery, or his Depute or Substitute, shall make entire Faith in all Cases, except in case of Improbation.

XXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to apply for and obtain, in manner before mentioned, a Charter of Confirmation from Her Majesty or the Prince and Steward of Scotland combined in the same Deed with a Precept for infefting Heirs as aforesaid; and in every Case in which such Charter and Precept are contained in the same Deed it shall be sufficient for the Validity of the said Deed that it pass under the Seal appointed by the Treaty of Union to be used in place of the Great Seal or the Seal of the Prince, as the Case may be, and if his separate Seal be then in use for such Charters as aforesaid, in like Manner with the Charter of Confirmation when contained in a separate Deed.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Case in which a Charter of Novodamus, or a Charter containing any new or original Grant, shall be sought, the Person applying for the same shall, previously to lodging the Note before mentioned in the Office of the Presenter of Signatures, obtain the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Forests, or any Two of them, and written Evidence of such Consent shall be produced along with the Note to be lodged as aforesaid in the Office of the Presenter of Signatures; and the Charter shall be revised and ingrossed as in the ordinary Case, but the same, before being sealed, shall be lodged with the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and be by him transmitted for the Sign Manual of Her Majesty, and the Signatures of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners of Iler Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, and in case such Charter be of Lands holden of the Prince and Steward of Scotland, and His Royal Highness be then of full Age, for the Consent and Approbation of the Prince, signified under his Sign Manual, after which the proper Seal shall be attached to such Charters, and the other Procedure be as is provided in regard to Charters from the Crown and Prince generally.

1847.] { Crown Charters (Scotland).' Cap 61. 62i

XXIII. And be it enacted, Ihatt the lodging bfMaThrift bf *i>odging Draft a proposed Charter *, together with a short Noth in Terms or to ^t^and^ the Effect of Schedule (A.*) hereunto annexed5, praying for a cording Note to Charter in Terms of such Draft, shelly in competition of Dlli- he equivalent, gehee and all other Oases, be deemed and held to be equivalent

to the presenting of a Signature iri Exchequer; and recording signamre and* a Copy of such Note, bnd an Abstract of such Draft Charter, hi recording Ab-tle Register df Abbreviates of Adjudications, shall be deemed Btract* and held to be equivalent to recording in the said Register an Abstract of such Signature. ' ' 11 1

XXIV. And be it Enacted, That from and1 after the First Cro^iiCharters,

Day' of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven all tn<| by

Churn Chatters; and Charters by 6r on behalf of the Prince and of thTpriuce Steward of Sbotlctnd, if the sanie be Charters of Resignation, may and steward of be in ^he Form, as ubarly as the Case will admit, given in Sche- p^ms

dole'(0.)i N9 1.* hereunto annexed, and if the same be Charters* giv«i\n Schc^" of Cowfirtnlation may fee in one or other of the Forms, or as dule (C.) nearly Os the Case 'will admit, given in the said Schedule (C.j,

N° 2. and 3., and if the same be Charters of any other Denomination or Nature; they may be in Forms as nearly approaching 1 as mat be to the Examples given in the said Schedule (C.); and (sdeh ^Charters, when granted in these Forms: or as nearly as may be in these Forms* shall have the same Force and legal {

Effect iri all respects as if the same had been granted in the Forms now in use, and shall be read and construed as largely and beneficially in all respects for the Holders thereof a& if the same had beep expressed in and had contained the w hole Terms and Words which are now used according to the present Practice in granting such Charters.

XXV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Date Charters to be aforesaid all Charters granted by Her Majesty or the Prince and ^tnh°uEr'ghsh Steward of Scotland, and the Instruments of Sasine folloriidg ngu^e* thereon, and all Precepts from Chancery for infefting Heirs, and 1 Instruments of Sasine thereon, shall be expressed in the English Language.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Lands Conditions of are or shall be held under a Deed of Entail, it shall be lawful and competent, in the Charters and Precepts containing such' already inot!w Lands, and the Instruments of Sasine follow ing on such Charters Register of En-and Precepts respectively, to omit the full Insertion of the ^'^n^8lster Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolu- 0 smefc tive Clauses of such Deed of Entail, provided such Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive Clauses, shall be in such Charters, Precepts, and Instruments of Sasine specially referred to as set forth at full Length in the recorded Deed of Entail, if the same shall have been recorded in the Register nf Tailies, or as set forth at full Length in any recorded Instrument of Sasine forming Part of the Progress of Title Deeds under the said Entail, such Reference being made in the Terms or as ne&riy as may be in the Terms directed in Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, and the Reference thus made to such Conditions and Provisions, and prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive

[No..-34f. Price 2d.'] L 1 Clauses,

Cap. 51. Crown Charters (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Clauses, shall be held to be equivalent to the full Insertion thereof, and shall to all Intents, and in all Questions whatever, whether inter hceredes or with Third Parties, have the same legal Effect as if the same had been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in the recorded Deed or Instrument referred to, notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary, or any Injunction to the contrary, contained in such Deed of Entail, and notwithstanding the Enactments or Provisions to the contrary contained in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland made in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled Act concerning Tailzies, or any other Act of Parliament now in force, all which are hereby repealed to the Extent of making this Enactment operative, but no further.

Real Burdens

XXVII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Lands may be referred or Other Heritages are or shall be held under any Real Burdens the^Register of or Conditions or Limitations whatsoever appointed to be fully Sasines.° inserted in the Investitures of such Lands it shall, notwithstanding such Appointment, and notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary now existing, be lawful and competent in Charters and Precepts containing such Lands, and the Instruments of Sasine following upon such Charters and Precepts respectively, to omit the full Insertion of such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations, provided that such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall in such Charters or Precepts or Instruments of Sasine be specially referred to as set forth at full Length in the recorded Instrument, whether of Sasine, or of Resignation ad remanentiam, wherein the same were first inserted, or in any recorded Instrument of Sasine of subsequent Date, forming Part of the Progress of Titles of such Lands, such Reference being made in the Terms or as nearly as may be in the Terms directed in Schedule (C.) hereunto annexed, and the Reference thus made to such Real Burdens or Conditions or Limitations shall be held to be equivalent to the full Insertion thereof, and shall to all Intents and in all Questions whatever, ^whether with the Disponer or Superior or Third Parties, have the same legal Effect as if the same had been inserted exactly as they may be expressed in the recorded Instrument referred to, notwithstanding any Law or Practice to the contrary, and notwithstanding any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary, which are hereby repealed to the Effect of making this Act operative, but no further.

Exchequer

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Judges performing

Regulations31116 Duty of the Court of Exchequer as aforesaid shall be and cgu a ions. ^hey are hereby authorized from Time to Time to frame and

enact, by Rule of Court, all such Regulations as shall seem to them proper for giving Effect to the Purposes of the present Act; and the said Judges shall forthwith frame and enact a Rule of Court fixing and determining the Fees to be paid on the various Writs, Steps of Procedure, and other Matters herein and hereby authorized; but such Rule of Court shall be subject to their own Revision at any Time or Times thereafter.

1847.

5

Crown Charters (Scotland), Cap. 51.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Presenter of Signatures shall, when authorized and required by the Lord Justice General and President of the Court of Session, discharge the Duties at present or which may hereafter be attached to the Office of Sheriff of Chancery, or any Part of these Duties, and that during such Part of the Year as may be required of him, and shall for that Pnraose possess all Powers and Jurisdiction vested in such Sheriff of Chancery.

XXX. And in respect that considerable additional Duties are by this Act required to be performed by the Presenter of Signatures, be it enacted, That the Presenter of Signatures shall receive in consideration thereof such additional Salary as may be allowed by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, which additional Salary shall be payable out of the same Fund from which the Salary of the Presenter of Signatures is at present paid.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That whenever any Vacancy shall occur in the Office of Presenter of Signatures it shall be lawful to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to regulate the Salary of the Presenter of Signatures, as the then Circumstances of the Office may require.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person who conceives that he is entitled to Compensation for Loss to be suffered through the Operation or Effect of this Act to make Application to the Lord High Treasurer, or to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, claiming such Compensation; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to investigate such Claim, and call for such Evidence in relation thereto as he or they may think necessary, and upon such Claim being established to his or their Satisfaction, the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to award to such Person such Compensation as he or they shall think him entitled to, either by the Payment of a gross Sum or by way of Annuity, as he or they shall think proper: Provided always, that a Copy of every such Award for Compensation shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Ten Days from the Date thereof if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not then within Ten Days after the Commencement of the Session next ensuing; and no such Award shall be final and conclusive until Two Calendar Months after the same shall have been so laid before Parliament: Provided also, that if any Person to whom Compensation shall be so awarded by way of Annuity shall be afterwards appointed to any other public Office, such Compensation shall be accounted pro tanto of the Salary payable to such Person in respect of such other Office while he shall continue to hold the same.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the several Compensations which may be awarded under the Authority of this Act shall be

Presenter of Signatures, if required, to riis-charge Duties of Sheriff.

Additional Allowance to Presenter of Signatures.

Salary to be regulated by Commissioners of the Treasu y, when Vacant y occurs.

Compensate how to be applied for.

Compensate how to be paid.

fr '

528

Power to Prince and Steward of Scotland to appoint his own Presenter of Signatures, &c.

Interpretation of Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 51. Crown Charters (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

payable and paid out of the Monies which, by the Acts of the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, were made chargeable with the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, or Exchequer in Scotland.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That, notwithstanding any thing in this Act contained, it shall be lawful for the Prince and Steward of Scotland, being of full Age, at any Time or Times hereafter to appoint His own Presenter of Signatures, and other Officer or Officers of Exchequer and Chancery, to discharge, in regard to all Charters and Precepts to Heirs of Lands holden of Him, the Duties hereby assigned to the Presenter of Signatures and other Officers of Her Majesty's Exchequer and Chancery respectively; and in case of the Office of Presenter of Signatures or any such other Office in Exchequer or Chancery as aforesaid for the Prince being conferred on the Person holding the corresponding Office for the Crown, such Officer shall be bound to act for the Prince without additional Salary; and the Fees hereby authorized to be levied in respect of all Charters and Precepts to Heirs from the Prince shall in that Case be paid into the Consolidated Fund, but if any such Appointment by the Prince shall be conferred upon a different Person, the Person eo appointed shall draw for his own Use such of the said Fees as shall arise from the Duties performed by him in respect of such Charters and Precepts.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular shall include the Plural Number, and Words in the Plural shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females:

The Word " Lands " shall extend to and include Houses, Mills, Fishings, Teinds, Patronages, Lands, Tenements, and Heritages of every Description held of the Crown or of the Prince of Scotland.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That this Act maybe amended or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

Note for A.B.

[insert Name and Designation.

The said A.B. humbly prays, that a Charter [or Precept, or other Deed, as the Case may be, -\ may be granted by Her Majesty [or the Prince and Steward of Scotland, as the Case may be], in Terms of the Draft herewith lodged, and marked as relative hereto.

(Signed) C.D. (W. S.), Agent for the said A.B.

1847.

Crown Charters (8Scotland),

Cap. 51.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith: Whereas by Decree of General Service or "of Special Service," as the Case may be, of A.B.

[here insert the Name and Dcsif/nation of the Heir ], dated [here insert the Date o f the Decree], and recorded in Chancery [here insert the Date of Registration], and other authentic Instruments and Documents, it clearly appears that C.D.

[here insert the Name and Designation of the Ancestor], died last vest and seised as of Fee in [here describe the Lands, $*c., and when there are Conditions of Entail here insert them, or make a competent Reference to them, and describe the Deed of Entail or other Deed of Provision by Date and Date of Registration, and insert the Destination, and where there are any other Burdens or Qualifications here insert or make a competent Re to them,

as directed in Schedule (C.)], and that in virtue of [here describe the Charter and Sasi/ie, or Precept and Sasine, or other Deeds forming the last Investiture, by Dates, and Dates of Registrar turn], and that the said A.B. is eldest Son and nearest and lawful Heir of the said C.D.

[or, whatever Relationship and Character of Heir the Party holds, here state 77,] in the said Lands and others, and that the said Lands and others are holden of Us and Our Royal Successors [here state the Tenure, Blench Feu or other], for Payment [here state the Reddendo from the last Charter]; therefore We desire any Notary Public to whom these Presents may be presented to give to the said A.B., as Heir foresaid, Sasine of the Lands and others before described [if there are Conditions of Entail, tfc. or other Burdens or Qualifications, here add, but always with and under the Conditions, Provisions, and Clauses prohibitory, irritant, and resolutive, or with and under the Burdens or Qualifications, as the Care may be, above specified or referred to, as the Case may be]. Given at Edinburgh, the Day of in the

Year

Signed by the Director of Chancery, or his Depute or Substitute.

Note to Schedule (B.) — When the Precept is to be granted by or on behalf of the Prince and Steward of Scotland it will be in similar Form, but will run in Name of the Prince and Steward of Scotland, without adding his Highness* other Titles, or will run in Name of Her Majesty as his Administrator; and the Lands, instead of being described as holding of the Crown, will be described as holding of the Prince and Steward of Scotland.

SCHEDULE (C.)

N° 1.

Form of Crown Charter of Resignation 1 Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith: We do hereby give, grant, and dispone, and for ever confirm, to

LI 3 A.B.

Cap. 51. Crown Charters (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

A.B. and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever (a), heritably and irredeemably, all and whole [here insert the Lands or other Heritages (Z>)], which Lands and others above written formerly belonged to C.D., holden by him immediately of the Crown, in Terms of [here state br iefly the Titles of the last Vassal, whether a Precept and Sasine, or Charter and Saline, and so forth], and have been resigned by him into our Hands by virtue of a Procuratory of Resignation contained in a Disposition of the said Lands and others granted by him in favour of the said A.B., dated [here insert the Date], to be holden, the said Lands and others, of the Crown, in Free Blench Farm (c) [or "in Feu Farm"] for ever, paying therefore a Penny Scots yearly of Blench Duty, if asked only [or if held in Feu, here specify the Feu Duty and other Services]. Moreover, We desire any

Notary Public to whom this Charter may be presented to give to the said A.B. or his foresaids Sasine of the Lands and others above described. In witness whereof We have ordered the Seal now used for the Great Seal of Scotland to be appended hereto of this Date, and the same is accordingly appended at Edinburgh, the Day of [state

the Day, Month, and Year].

(a) Or in case there be a Substitution of Heirs, here insert it at full Length.

(b) In case there be any Conditions of Entail, or any Real Burdens, Restrictions, or Qualifications of any Kind, proper to be inserted or referred to, insert them here, immediately after the Description of the Lands, &c., or refer to them stating Date and Date of Registry tion, as at length set forth in the Deed of Entail as recorded in the Register of Tailzies, or in some previous Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation ad remanentiam, duly registered.

(c) If the Lands were held formerly in Ward, say here, "in Free Blench as in room of Ward," and in the Reddendo say, "a Penny Scots yearly, as in room of the Ward Duties."

N° 2.

First Form of Crown Charter of Confirmation.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith: We do hereby confirm for ever, to and in favour of A.B. and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever (a), a Disposition granted by C.D. to the said A.B., and dated the Day of

whereby the said C.D. disponed to the said A.B. and his foresaids, heritably and irredeemably, all and whole [here describe the Lands or other Heritages at length (5)], which Disposition contains an Obligation to infeft a me vel de me, and a Precept of Sasine, as also an Instrument of Sasine in favour of the said A.B. following on the said Disposition, and recorded in the [here describe the Register in which the Instrument is recorded] on the Day of [if there are more Documents

than Two to be confirmed, here describe them consecutively, and, for the sake of Distinctness, the Description of each Document confirmed may be preceded with a Number, First, Second, §*e.],

or

531

1847. Crown Charters (Scotland). Cap. 51.

or of whatever other Dates and Tenor the said several Writs may be, to be holden, the said Lands and others, of the Crown, in Free Blench (c) [or in Feu Farm] for ever, paying therefor a Penny Scots yearly of Blench Duty, if asked only [or if held in Feu Farm, specify the Feu Duty and other Payments and Services]. In witness whereof we have ordered the Seal now used for the Great Seal of Scotland to be appended hereto of this Date, and the same is accordingly appended at Edinburgh, the Day of [state the Day, Month,

and Year].

(a) In case there be a Substitution of Heirs, here insert it at full Length.

(b) In case there be any Conditions of Entail, Real Burdens, Restrictions, or Qualifications of any Kind, either proper to be inserted er referred to, insert them here, immediately after the Description of the Lands, &&, or refer to them as above (N° 1.)

(c) If the Lands were held formerly in Ward, say here, u in Free Blench, as in room of Ward."

N° 3.

Second Form of Crown Charter of Confirmation.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith: We do hereby confirm for ever, to and in favour of A.B. and his Heirs and Assignees whomsoever, heritably and irredeemably

(a), all and whole [here insert the Lands or other Heritages to be confirmed^ (b), and the following Deeds and Instruments [or other Writings], in so far as they relate to the Lands and others hereby confirmed [here describe the Deeds, Instruments, or other Writings to be specially confirmed], or of whatever other Dates and Tenor the said several Writs may be, to be holden, the said Lands and others, of the Crown, in Free Blench (c) [or " in Feu Farm "] for ever paying therefor a Penny Scots yearly of Blench Duty, if asked only [or if held in Feu Farm, specify the Feu Duty and other Payments and Services]. In witness whereof we have ordered the Seal now used for the Great Seal of Scotland to be appended hereto of this Date, and the same is accordingly appended at Edinburgh, the Day

of [state the Month and Year].

(a) Or in case there be a Substitution of Heirs, here insert it at full Length.

(b) In case there be any Real Burdens, Restrictions, or Qualifications of any Kind, either proper to be inserted or referred to, insert them here immediately after the Description of the Lands, &c., or refer to them as above (N° 1.)

(c) If the Lands were held formerly in Ward, say here," in Free Blench, as in room of Ward." (If the Party prefer it, he may insert the Tenendas at full Length from the last Crown Charter or Ketour.)

General Note to Schedule (C.) — When the Charters N0* 1, 2, and 3. are to be granted by or on behalf of the Prince and Steward of Scotland, they will be in similar Form, but will run in Name of the u Prince and Steward of Scotland," without adding his Highness' other Titles, or will run in Name of Her Majesty, as his Adminis-

532

Cap. 51, 52. Crown Charters (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

trator in Law, and the Lands, instead of being described as holding of the Crown, will be described as holding of the "Prince and Steward of Scotland," and the Seal referred to in the Testing Clause will be the Prince's Seal.

CAP. LII.

An Act for the Correction of certain Abuses which have frequently prevailed at the Elections of Representative

iana, intituled An Act settling the Manner of electing the

Sixteen Peers and Forty-Jive Commoners, to represent Scotland ' in the Parliament of Great Britain, certain Provisions were made for electing the said Sixteen Peers to represent the ' Peerage of Scotland: And whereas by an Act passed by the

6 Ann. c. 23. f Parliament of Great Britain, intituled An Act to make further

Provision for electing and summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland ' to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, ' and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, and ' f0T farther regulating of Votes in Election of Members to serve ' in Parliament, further Provisions were made for the electing

of the said Sixteen Peers: And whereas an authentic List £ of the Peerage of the North Part of Great Britain called

Scotland, as it stood the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seven, was returned to the House of Lords c by the Lord Clerk Register for Scotland, attested by him, £ pursuant to an Order of the House of Lords, the Twenty-

second Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ' seven, and entered into the Roll of Peers by Order of the £ House of Lords on the Twelfth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eight, to which List sundry Peerages ' of Scotland have since been added by Order of the House £ of Lords at different Times, which List of the said Peerage £ is called at the Election of a Peer or Peers to represent the ' Peerage of Scotland in the Parliament of the United Kingdom

Peerages of Scotland have from Time to Time become dormant ' or extinct, and frequent Abuses have prevailed by Persons f assuming Peerages that have become dormant or extinct, and ' voting in respect thereof at such Elections, to which Peerages ' such Persons had no Right; and it is expedient in order to

allow ed to vote at such Elections in right of any Peerage now 6 standing on the said Roll which has been for some Time ' dormant until his Claim thereto shall have been admitted by e the House of Lords, and to make further Rules and Regula-f tions in regard to the Proceedings at such Elections Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at all future Meetings

Peers for Scotland.

[25th June 1847.]

by an Act passed by the Parliament of Scot-

£ of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas divers of the

prevent such Abuses to provide that no Person shall be

of

1847. Representative Peers (Scotland). ' Cap. 62. 533

of the Peers of Scotland assembled under any Royal Proclama- At future Elec, tion for the Election of a Peer or Peers to represent the p^/or s?tch Peerage of Scotland in Parliament the Lord Clerk Register, or Tides notto be the Clerks of Session officiating thereat in his Name, shall not called by the call the Titles of any Peerages now standing on the said Roll ^°rd clerk Rc* in right of which no Vote shall have been received and counted Oaths to be ad-since the Year One thousand and eight hundred, nor shall it ministered, be lawful for the said Lord Clerk Register or Clerks of Session to administer the Oaths to any Person claiming to vote in right 0f LordI

of any of the before-mentioned Peerages, or to receive and count the Vote of any such Person, or to permit any such Person to take part in the Proceedings of any such Election, until otherwise directed by Order of the House of Lords.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Vote or Claim to vote If Claim to vote in respect of any Title of Peerage on the Roll called over at £* H^Tof any such Meeting shall be disallowed by the said House, upon Lords, Title of any Proceeding had in Trial of any contested Election, the Peerage not to House of Lords may, if they shall think fit, order that such any futur^ Title of Peerage shall not be called over at any future Election; Election, if so and in the event of such Order being made by the said House ordered.

it shall not be lawful for the said Lord Clerk Register or Clerk of Session to call over the said Title at any future Election, or to administer the Oaths to any Person claiming to vote in respect of such Title of Peerage, or to receive or count the Vote of any such Person, or permit such Person to take part in the Proceedings of any such Election, until such Claimant or some other Person shall have in due Course established his Right to such Peerage.

III. And be it enacted, That if at any such Meeting any If at any Meet-Person shall vote or claim to appear or to vote in respect of any of Title of Peerage on the Roll called over at such Meeting, and a ag^n^any^ Protest against such Vote or Claim shall be made by any Two Claim to vote, or more Peers present whose Votes shall be received and *£rdClerk counted, the said Lord Clerk Register or Clerks of Session traSmitaCopy shall forthwith transmit to the Clerk of the Parliaments a of Proceedings certified Copy of the whole Proceedings at such Meeting; and ^t^U6e of the House of Lords, whether there shall be any Case of con- rd8* c* tested Election or not, may, in such Manner, and with such

Notice to such Parties, including the Person so voting or claiming to appear or to vote in respect of such Title of Peerage and the Persons protesting, as the said House shall think fit, inquire into the Matter raised by such Protest, and, if they shall see Cause, order the Person whose Vote or Claim has been so protested against to establish the same before the said House; and if such Party shall not appear, or shall fail to establish his Claim, the said House may, if they shall think fit, order as is herein-before provided in respect to Votes disallowed upon any Proceeding had in Trial of any contested Election.

IV. And be it enacted, That whenever any Peer or Peeress Any Peer or shall have established his or her Right to any Peerage, or his ^l^hed^helr Right to vote in respect of any Peerage, and the same shall claim, and sig-have been notified to the Lord Clerk Register by Order of the nified the same

House to the Lord

534

Clerk Register, the Vote of no other Claimant to be admitted.

Nothing herein to affect the Right of present or future Claimants.

Cap. 52 — 54.

Loan Societies.

10 & 11 VICT.

House of Lords, the said Lord Clerk Register or Clerks of Session shall not during the Life of such Peer or Peeress allow any other Person claiming to be entitled to the same Peerage to take Part in any such Election, nor shall it be lawful for the said Lord Clerk Register or Clerks of Session to receive and count the Vote of any such other Person till otherwise directed by the House of Lords.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Right of any Person claiming or who may hereafter claim any Peerage, or shall prevent the Right of any Person voting or claiming to vote or having voted or claimed to vote at any Election, being subject and liable to every Objection to which the same would have been subject and liable before the passing of this Act.

8 & 4 Vict. c. 110.

Recited Act further continued.

Act may be amended, &c.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend

the Laws relating to Loan Societies, which Act has been continued by sundry Acts until the First Day of October in the ' Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the ' End of the then next Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the same should be further continued:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be further continued to the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

CAP. LIV.

An Act to amend the Acts for rendering effective the Service of the Chelsea and Greenwich Out-Pensioners.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS the Provisions of the several Acts now in

* force for the Payment and Enrolment of the Chelsea

6 and Greenwich Out-Pensioners have been found beneficial,

and it is expedient to extend them to Her Majesty's Colonies ' and Possessions beyond the Seas:' Be it enacted by the

Queen's

Out-Pensioners (Chelsea and Greenwich). Cap. 54. 585

Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Provisions of Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend 5 & 6 Vict. c. 7o.# the Laws relating to the Payment of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, shall extend to all Her Majesty's Colonies and Pos- cc. 9. & 10. to sessions beyond the Seas, and the Provisions of an Act of the app!y afl Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more effective the Services of such Out-Pensioners of Greenwich Chelsea Hospital as shall be called out to assist in preserving the Hospitals who Public Peace, and of Two Acts passed in the last Session of SK'o3olSs%fco. Parliament, severally intituled An Act for amending the Act for rendering effective the Services of the Chelsea Out-Pensumers9 and extending it to the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital, and An Act for regulating the Payment of the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich and Chelsea Hospitals, and of this Act, shall apply to all Out-Pensioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals now residing or who may hereafter reside in any of Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas in which any Officers shall have been or may be appointed pursuant to the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, for the Payment and Superintendence of the said Out-Pensioners: Provided OnlyGreenwich always, that only such of the Greenwich Pensioners as may have haTe'^rvedTn served in the Royal Marines shall be liable to serve as enrolled the M^Iinef, n Pensioners; and that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from liable.

Time to Time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to Her Majesty fix the Number of Men to be enrolled in every such Colony and may £y *ar-Possession as a local Force for the Preservation of the Peace Number of Men in such Colony or Possession or in any District thereof, and to to be enrolled, cause them to be armed and equipped, and called out for Inspection or Exercise, on such Number of Days, not exceeding Twelve in each Year, as the Governor or Person administering the Government of such Colony or Possession for the Time being shall direct, under the same Penalties for Non-attendance and other Offences as are provided by the said Acts or any of them; and the Number of Men enrolled in any such Colony or Possession shall not be counted in the Number of Men authorized to be enrolled in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland under the said Acts or any of them.

II. And be it enacted, That all Persons whose Claims for Penon« re-prospective or deferred Pension shall have been registered in g, 8teri^lj^pell. virtue of any Warrant or Warrants made or to be made by Soi«liabieto Her Majesty, or by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, be enrolled, shall be liable to be enrolled with and as Part of the local Force for the Preservation of the Peace under the Authority of the K?ngdoin or th« Acts before recited, whether resident in the United Kingdom Colonies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas.

III. *And whereas by the Act herein-before secondly recited Secretary of

it is provided, that One of Her Majesty's Principal Secreta- St^c^em"

ries of State, or, in case of Emergency, any Person or Persons

issue Warrants ' bearing calling out

Pensioners or Persons enrolled, &c. for a limited Period.

Enrolled Persons called out only by Authority of a Magistrate, &c\, to be employed for Twelve Days only, unless in certain Cases.

In case of actual Invasion or Itiot, Pensioners may be sent to any Part of the United Kingdom.

Cap. 54. Out-Pensioners {Chelsea and Greenwich). 10 & 11 Vict.

bearing the Warrant of the Secretary of State for that Purpose, may call out the said enrolled Pensioners in aid of the

Civil Power, for Preservation of the public Peace, as by the said Act is directed, and by the Act herein-before thirdly recited similar Powers were conferred on the Lord Lieu-

tenant of Ireland as regards the enrolled Pensioners in that f Country; but such Warrant, if applied for and issued after ' the Emergency has arisen, cannot in many Cases be obtained i in Time to meet such Emergency, and it is therefore expe-i dient to give further Facilities in that Behalf be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor of Ireland, and in Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas for the Governor or other Person administering the Government of such Colony or Possession, to issue his Warrant to the Lord Lieutenant of any County, or the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any Town or District, wherein such Pensioners and Persons having Claims to prospective or deferred Pensions are enrolled, authorizing him, in case of Emergency, or anticipated Emergency, whereby the Public Peace may be endangered, or on the Requisition of any Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces within such Town or District, to call out the whole or such Part of the Persons so enrolled as he may consider necessary, for any Term not exceeding Twelve Days, during which Time they shall be liable to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act and Articles of War, in the same Manner in all respects as is provided in the first-mentioned Act; but no such enrolled Person who shall be called out only by the Authority of any such Lord Lieutenant of a County, Mayor, or Magistrate, for the Preservation of the Public Peace, shall be employed on such Duty for more than Twelve Days, unless by a Warrant from One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland from the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions beyond the Seas from the Governor or Person administering the Government, in case of their being employed in aid of the Civil Power, or by Warrant of Her Majesty in case of their volunteering to serve in any of Her Majesty's Forts, Towns, and Garrisons, as provided in the said Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case of actual or apprehended Invasion or Riot it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Proclamation to direct that the said enrolled Pensioners, or such of them as Her Majesty shall think fit, may be sent, in aid of the Defence of the Realm, or for the Suppression of Riot and Preservation of the Peace, to any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland where their Services may be required, and during the Time for which their Sendees shall be so required they shall be subject to all the Provisions of any Act then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

1847* Destitute Persons (Ireland) (No. 2.) Cap. 54 — 5ff.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LV.

An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of

* Parliament, intituled An Act for the temporary Relief

of destitute Persons in Ireland, and it is necessary to authorize

a further Advance of Money for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, in addition to the Sum advanced by virtue

of the said Act Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to cause to be issued as a temporary Advance from Time to Time, at any Time before the First Day of October in this Year, as they may find necessary, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Imprest, to the Relief Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act, to be by them applied for the Purposes specified in the said Act, by way of Loan on the Security of the Rates made or to be made in pursuance thereof, or of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland; and all such Sums of Money shall be repaid to the said Consolidated Fund by the said Relief Commissioners, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, from and out of the Rates to be levied in the Union on behalf of which such Loan shall have been made.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act shall be applied and extended to this Act, and to the Sum hereby authorized to be advanced, in such and the like Manner as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to make legal the Collection of certain Duties at Port Natal.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of certain Proclamations issued by the Governor and Commander-in-Chief for the Time being of Her Majesty's Castle, Town, and Settle-

ment

587

Act may be

amended, &c.

10 & 11 Vict c. 7.

Treasury may cause a temporary Advance to be made to Relief Commissioners acting in execution of recited Act.

1 & 2 Vict c. 5.

Extending Provisions of recited Act to this Act

538

Cap. 56, 57. Collection of Duties (Natal). 10 & 11 Vict.

Duties levied under certain Proclamations legalized.

Indemnity to Persons acting under Mich Proclamations.

ment of the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa, and the ' Territories and Dependencies thereof, certain Duties of Cu»* ' toms were imposed and charged upon various Goods, Wares, t and Merchandize imported and brought into Port Natal in South Africa aforesaid, and also a certain Duty of Three ' Shillings per Ton upon Vessels entering the said Port: And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the sufficient legal Authority of such Proclamations for imposing of the said Duties:1 Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem* bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the various Duties so imposed and charged are hereby declared to have been due and payable.

II. And be it enacted, That the Governor for the Time being of the said Castle, Town, an I Settlement, and its Dependencies, and the respective Collectors and other Officers of the Customs in the same, and all Persons whatever acting or having acted under their Orders and Directions, shall be and are hereby indemnified for having caused such Duties to be levied.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, for granting certain Powers and Authorities to the Van Diemens Land Company.

[25th June 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the ' Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, inti-

6G. 4. c. 39. tuled An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to

6 a Company to he incorporated by Charter, to he called "The ' Van Diemen's Land Companyf for the Cultivation and Im» (provement of Waste Lands in His Majesty's Island of Van ' Diemen's Land, and for other Purposes relating thereto, it was i amongst other things enacted, that in case His Majesty should, ' within Three Years after the passing of the said Act, be pleased by Charter under the Great Seal of Great Britain to ' declare and grant that such and so many Persons as should be named therein, and all and every such other Persons and 6 Person as should from Time to Time be admitted Members 6 into their Corporation, should be a Body Politic and Corporate by the Name of "The Van Diemen's Land Company," c and to declare that the said Corporation so to be made and ' created should be established for the Purpose of cultivating c Waste Lands in the said Island of Van Diemen's Land, and ' in any Islands or Territories which might at any future Time be made dependent thereupon, and for such other lawful Pun-f poses as to His Majesty might seem meet, then and in that c Case it should and might be lawful for the said Corporation c to hold to them and their Successors such Lands, Tenements,

and

Van Diemen's Land Company Cap. 57 *

and Hereditaments within the said Island of Van Diemen's 4 Land, and such Dependencies thereof as aforesaid, as should ' or might be granted by His Majesty to them and their Successors within the said Island or its Dependencies, or as should be contracted for and purchased or acquired by them therein,

and to hold, alienate, sell, exchange, and dispose of all such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments upon, under, and subject to such Conditions, Provisoes, Limitations, and Restrio-

tions as His Majesty by such His Charter might impose, direct,

or prescribe: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Act, His Letter* Pi

said Majesty was pleased, by His Letters Patent or Charter, ^*ted I0 *

under the Great Seal of Great Britain, dated at Westminster, pof/tin^Tt the Tenth Day of November in the Year of our Lord One Van Diem thousand eight hundred and twenty-five and in the Sixth

Year of His Reign, to grant and declare that certain Persons

therein named, and all and every such other Persons and

Person as from Time to Time should be admitted Members f into their Corporation, should be a Body Politic and Corporate, in Name and in Deed, by the Name of The Van 4 Diemen's Land Company," and should by that Name have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, with Power to

break or alter such Seal, and by that Name should and ' might sue and be sued, plead and be impleaded at Law or

in Equity; and it was thereby further declared, that such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Island of Van Diemen's Land, and its Dependencies aforesaid, as

should or might be granted by His Majesty, His Heirs or 1 Successors, to the said Company and their Successors should

by them be held, alienated, sold, exchanged, and disposed of,

6 upon, under, and subject to such Conditions, Provisoes, Limit-

ations, and Restrictions as therein-after mentioned; (that is (to say,) firstly, that all Grants of Land in the said Island of c Van Diemen's Land, or its Dependencies aforesaid, which f might be made to the said Company by His Majesty, His ' Heirs or Successors, should be passed under the Great Seal ' of the said Island and its Dependencies, in pursuance of War-(rants under the Royal Sign Manual of His Majesty, His Heirs

or Successors; secondly, that for and in respect of all such

Lands within the said Island, or its Dependencies aforesaid, as might be granted by His Majesty, His Heirs or Sucoessore, to the said Company in Fee Simple, to be holden by them in Free and Common Soccage, there should be reserved and paid and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an annual Quit Rent, which should amount to the Sum of Thirty Shillings and no more, for each and every Parcel of the said Lands of One hundred Pounds Sterling;

thirdly, that no Quit Rents should accrue due or be payable by the said Company for or in respect of any such Lands as aforesaid during the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the Date of any Grant in and by which such Lands might be so granted; fourthly, that upon giving Six Months Notice in Writing, under their Common Seal to the Governor,

640 Cap. 57. Van Diemen's Land Company. 16 & 11 VICE '

Lieutenant Governor, or other Person administering Hfee ' Government of the said Island and its Dependencies, it should be lawful for the said Company to redeem the Quit Rents,

or any Part thereof, upon Payment into the Treasury of the said Island and its Dependencies, in British Sterling Money,

of a Capital Sum equal to Twenty Times the Amount of the '

1 Rent so to be redeemed; provided always, that the Redemption of any Portion of the said Quit Rents should notexone* '

rate or discharge any Part of the said Lands so to be granted to the said Company from the Payment of the whole Or tmy '

Part of the Quit Rents remaining unredeemed; fifthly, that the said Company should employ upon the Lands so to be granted to them such a Number of Convicts as should at the least be equal to the Number of free Labourers employed thereupon, if the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Person administering the Government for the Time being

o p

of the said Island and its Dependencies, should be able and willing to supply a sufficient Number of Convicts for that Purpose; sixthly, that the said Company should at their own Expence employ fit and proper Persons, not being or having been Convicts, to act as Superintendents of the Convicts sots

be employed by them, in the Proportion at least of One such Superintendent to every Fifty Convicts; seventhly, that no Land granted to the said Company by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, should by the said Company be ' i granted, bargained, sold, conveyed, demised, or alienated for

or during a Period of Five Years, to be computed from the Date of the Grant from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in which any such Lands might be comprised;

and if any such Grant, Bargain, Sale, Conveyance, Demise-,

or Alienation should during any such Period as aforesaid be made or executed, the Lands therein comprised should be and become absolutely forfeited to and vested in His ' jesty, His Heirs or Successors; eighthly, that the said Lauds to be granted to the said Company by His Majesty, His Heirt or Successors, should be held by them in Mortmain, and be absolutely inalienable by them, except upon the Terms and ' 4 Conditions following; (that is to say,) that it should be lawful for the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Person J 4 administering the Government of the said Island and its Dapendencies, and the Executive Council thereof, and they were thereby required, upon Application to them for that Purpose made by the said Company, to direct the Surveyor General or Deputy Surveyor General for the Time being of the said Island and its Dependencies to inquire and re- 4 port whether the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds ' 4 Sterling had been laid out and expended by the said Com1 4 pany in the Formation of Roads, the Erection of Building^,

the Cultivation, clearing, fencing, draining, or other Improve- 4 ments of any such Lands; and if the said Surveyor General or Deputy Surveyor General should report to the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Person administer- '

ing

1847.

Van DiemarCs Land Company. Cap. 57.

ing the Government of the said Island, and the said Executive Council thereof, that the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling had been so expended, it should be and

become competent to the said Company, without Licence from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to alienate and convey in Fee Simple, but subject to the Quit Rents aforesaid,

any Part or Parts of the Lands so granted to them, not exceeding Twelve thousand five hundred Acres in the whole; and such and the same Proceedings should from Time to Time ' take place upon each successive Application of the said Company for the Purpose aforesaid to the said Governor, Lieu-

tenant Governor, or other Person administering the Government of the said Island and its Dependencies, and the said ' Executive Council thereof; and upon each successive Report

so made as aforesaid of the further Expenditure upon any such Lands of any further Sum of Two thousand five hundred ' Pounds Sterling as aforesaid, the said Company should be and ' become competent to alienate Twelve thousand five hundred

Acres, or any smaller Quantity of the Lands to be granted

to them, until One Moiety or equal Half Part of such Lands

should, in manner aforesaid, become alienable; provided always,

that every such Report as aforesaid should be enrolled in the Supreme Court of Van Diemeris Land; provided also, that it

should be lawful for the said Company to alienate any of the

Lands to be granted to them as aforesaid, upon obtaining a special Licence for that Purpose from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, through One of His or their principal Secretaries of State; provided further, that every Grant or Conveyance

of Lands to be made by the Company should be absolutely null and void unless the same should expressly refer to and

particularize the Surveyor General's or Deputy Surveyor

General's Report, or the Licence from His Majesty, His

Heirs or Successors, as the Case might be, under the Autho-c rity of which the same might be so granted or conveyed; provided nevertheless, that nothing therein contained should extend to or prevent any Demise of any such Lands made by the said Company for any Term not exceeding Twentyone Years, without any Covenant of Renewal, so as that not more than One Moiety of the Lands so to be granted as aforesaid be demised within Twenty Years next succeeding the ' Date of any such Grant; ninthly, that the Quit Rents to

accrue due upon any Lands to be granted to the said Company by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for and during the Term of Five Years, to commence and be computed from and after the Expiration of the first Five Years next follow-

ing the Date of any such Grant, should not be actually collected and received until the Expiration of such Second Term of Five Years, and that at that Time all Quit Rents

then due and in arrear by the said Company should be remitted if One hundred and fifty Convicts should have been

regularly employed and maintained by the said Company for

and during the greater Part of such Second Term of Five

542 Cap. 57. Van Diemen's Land Company. 10 & 11 Vict.

Years; tenthly, that the said Quit Rents to accrue due for

and during the further Term of Five Years, to commence and be computed from and after the Expiration of the Second Term of Five Years next following the Date of any such Grant should not be actually collected and received until the Expiration of such Third Term of Five Years, and that at that Time all Quit Rents accrued due and then in arrear by the said Company in respect of such Third Term of Five Years should be remitted, if Two hundred and fifty Convicts should have been regularly employed and maintained by the said Company for and during the greater Part of the said Third Term of Five Years; eleventhly, that the said Quit Rents to accrue due for and during the further Term of Five Years, to commence and be computed from and after the Expiration of the said Third Term of Five Years next following the Date of any such Grant, should not be actually collected until the Expiration of the Fourth Term of Five Years, and at that Time all Quit Rents accrued due and then in arrear by the said Company in respect of the said Fourth Term of Five Years should be remitted if Three hundred and fifty Convicts should have been regularly employed and maintained by the said Company for and during the greater Part of such Fourth Term of Five Years; twelfthly, that if at any Time within Twenty Years next after the Date of any such Grant it should be made to appear to the Satisfaction of His Majesty, His 4 Heirs or Successors, or of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Person administering the Government for the Time being of the said Island and its Dependencies, that the said Company had by the Employment of Convicts exonerated the Treasury from a Charge equal in the whole to the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds Sterling, then the Lands which might by His Majesty, His Heim or Successors, have been granted to the said Company, should be for ever discharged of and from the Quit Rents thereafter to accrue due in respect thereof, and in calculating the Amount of the Sums from which the said Treasury had been so exonerated it should be assumed and taken that the said Treasury had been saved the Sum of Sixteen Pounds Sterling for each and every Convict who should appear to have been maintained during One whole Year by the said Company, and in such Proportion for a lesser Term than One Year that each and every Convict should have been so maintained by the said Company; and it was further declared that in any Grants to be made by His Majesty, His 4 Heirs or Successors, to the said Company of any Lands situate in the said Island of Van Diemens or its Dependencies, all necessary Covenants should be made and entered into by the said Company for ensuring the due Observance and Performance on their Part of the several Covenants, Provisoes, and Restrictions aforesaid: And whereas by divers Instruc- tions which have issued from Time to Time by Order of His said Majesty King George the Fourth and of His late Majesty King William the Fourth to the Governor, Lieutenant Gover-

nor,

1847. VanDiemeris Land Company. Cap. 67.

f nor, or other Person administering the Government of the said Island, of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies, th& 4 said Company have been authorized to take possession of several Portions of Land and other Hereditaments situate in the said Island and its Dependencies, and have, with the Assent of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Penson administering the Government for the Time being of the said Island and its Dependencies, entered into and taken possession of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and the said Company have ever sinoe been and now continue in the Possession thereof, but no Grant thereof has been made to the said Company: And whereas the said Company have from Time to Time employed and maintained upon the said Lands very large Numbers of Convicts, and the Company have bj such Employment and Maintenance of Convicts as aforesaid exonerated Her Majesty's Treasury from a Charge exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds Sterling, and the said Company have also laid out large Sums of Money in the Improvement of divers Parts of the said Lands and Hereditaments: And whereas the said Company have, by the Means aforesaid and otherwise, substantially fulfilled the material Conditions contained in the said Letters Patent or Charter on their Part to be observed and performed, and by reason of the Lapse of Time and the Alteration of Circumstances others of the said Conditions have become immaterial, and it is just and expedient that Her Majesty should be authorized, if She should so please, to grant to the said Company Lands and Hereditaments in the said Island and its Dependencies, freed from the Quit Rents and the other Restrictions and Conditions in the said Letters Patent or Charter contained, and that other Powers should be granted to the said Company; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Her said Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, from Time to Time and at all Time hereafter, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to authorize and empower the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or other Person for the Time being administering the Government of the said Island of Van Diemen's Land and its Dependencies, to execute a Deed or Deeds, under the Great Seal of 'the said Island and its Dependencies, granting to the said Company any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Island and its Dependencies, freed and for ever discharged of and from the Quit Rents, Conditions, Provisoes, Limitations, and Restrictions in the said Letters Patent or Charter expressed and herein-before recited, or such of them, or such Parts thereof, as Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, shall in and by the said Grant or Warrant or Grants or Wsmarts direct; and it shall be lawful for the

Her Maje9 by Warranl under the I Manual, mi grant Land the Compai freed and d charged fro Quit Rents in the Chai expressed.

Power to the Company, at any Special General Meeting, to reduce the Number of Directors.

[Public Act.]

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 57, 58. Van Diemen's Land Company. 10 & 11 Vict.

the said Company to hold, alienate, sell, and dispose of all or any Part or Parts of the said Lands so to be granted, subject only to such Conditions and Restrictions, if any, as shall be stipulated in and by the Grant or Grants thereof to the said Company, and to hold, alienate, sell, and dispose of all Lands purchased or to be purchased by the said Company, freed from the Conditions and Restrictions imposed by the said Letters Patent or Charter.

II. And whereas it was by the said Letters Patent or

Charter declared, that the Two Persons therein named should be the Governor and Deputy Governor of the said Company,

and that such Two Persons, together with Eighteen other c Persons therein named, should be the first Directors of the said ' Company, and that after the Period therein named Six of the said Eighteen Directors, or their Successors, should go out

of Office annually, and their Places be from Time to Time ' supplied: And whereas it is expedient that Power should be ' given to the said Company to reduce the said Number of c Directors be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time, at any Special General Meeting, to resolve and declare that at a Time or Times to be fixed at such Meeting or Meetings the Number of the Directors of the said Company shall be reduced to any Number they may think proper, not being less than Nine exclusive of the said Governor and Deputy Governor, and to fix the Mode in which such Reduction shall take place, and thereupon at the Time or Times fixed at such Meeting or Meetings the Number of the said Directors shall be reduced accordingly; and after any such Reduction shall have taken place the Number of Directors to go out of Office as aforesaid shall be One Third of the whole Number of Directors, exclusive of the said Governor and Deputy Governor, instead of the said Number of Six Directors as aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall extend to and be in force in the said Island of Van Diemens Land and its Dependencies, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to remove Doubts as to Quakers and Jews Marriages sofemnized before certain Periods.

[2d *July 1847.]

WHEREAS Doubts have been entertained as to the Vali-

dity of Marriages amongst the People called Quakers and amongst Persons professing the Jewish Religion soiem-6 nized in England before the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, or in Ireland before the First i Day of April One thousand eight hundred and, forty-five,

according

C.

1847.

545

Quakers and Jews Marriages. Cap. 58, 59.

according to the Usages of those Denominations respectively: And whereas it is expedient to put an end to such Doubts; be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages so solemnized as aforesaid were and are good in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, provided that the Parties to such Marriages were both Quakers, or both Persons professing the Jewish Religion respectively.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for amending an Act, intituled An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

[2d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-second

* Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled An Act for amending, explaining and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea9 Courts-martial holden and appointed by virtue of that

Act are, in certain Cases, authorized and required to pronounce Judgment of Death; and it is expedient that in all Cases (except Murder and Buggery or Sodomy with Man or Beast) such Courts-martial shall be authorized to abstain from pronouncing Judgment of Death, if such Courts-martial shall think fit, and to impose such other Punishment as the ' Nature and Degree of the Offence shall be found to deserve

it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any such Court-martial, holden and appointed as aforesaid, either to pronounce Judgment of Death in all Cases in which by Law such Court is now authorized or required so to do, or, if such Court shall so think fit, in all such Cases (except Murder and Buggery or Sodomy with Man or Beast) to impose such other Punishment as the Nature and Degree of the Offence shall be found to deserve.

, IL And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Court-martial, holden and appointed as aforesaid, to try any Person, who at the Time of the Offence committed shall be in actual Service and Full Pay in the Fleet or Ships of War of Her Majesty, for Manslaughter, whether committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty or out of any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions on shore, and to impose upon every such Person, so convicted of Manslaughter by the Sentence of such

Mm3 Court,

Marriage* of Quakers and Jews solemnized before certain Dates declared valid.

MG.2. c. 3S.

Courts-martial to have a discretionary lY'Wor in awarding Sentence in all Cases except Murder.

Court-martial may take cognizance of Manslaughter.

Oath to be administered to Members of Courts-martial.

Oath to be administered to Judge Advocate.

When Act is to take effect.

Act may be amended, &c.

Hecites 3 & -I W. 4. c. 94. appointing Masters, and giving Salaries. &c. to their Clerks.

Cap. 59, 60.

Naval Mutiny.

10 & 11 Vict;

Court, such Punishment other than Death as the Degree of the Offence shall be found to deserve.

III. And be it enacted, That upon all Trials of Offenders by any Court-martial, holden and appointed as aforesaid, all the Officers present who are to constitute such Court shall, before they proceed to such Trial, take the Oath herein-after mentioned before the Court instead of the Oath appointed by the said Act, which Oath the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or the Person appointed to officiate as such, is hereby authorized and required to administer in the Words following; (that is to

8ay>)

do swear, That I will duly administer Justice, according to the Laws in force for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection; and if any Case shall arise which is

not particularly mentioned in any such Laws, I will duly

administer Justice according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of the Navy in like Cases;

and I do further swear, that I will not on any account at any Time whatsoever disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of this Court-martial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law. So help me GOD. '

And so soon as the said Oath shall have been administered to the respective Members the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as such, instead of the Oath appointed by the said Act, an Oath in the following Words:

J do swear, That I will not upon any account

at any Time whatsoever disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law.

'So help me GOD. '

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LX.

An Act to abolish One of the Offices of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery.

[2d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth it was enacted, that the Appointment of all Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery should be vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and that such Master should thereafter be appointed by Letters Patent

1847.

Master in Chancery.

Cap. 6a

64

under the Great Seal of Great Britain; and it was by the said Act also enacted, that the Salaries to be paid to the

Chief and Junior Clerks of each of the said Masters should be One thousand Pounds a Year and One hundred and fifty Pounds a Year respectively, and that it should be lawful for the said Junior Clerks to receive and take One Penny Half-

penny per Folio of Ninety Words for every Copy of every ' Document or Writing made in the Office of the said Master:

And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty Richard Richards, Esquire, then One of the

Masters of the Court of Exchequer, was appointed as an ' additional Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, ' and it was thereby enacted, that upon the Death, Resignation,

or Removal from Office of the said Richard Richards, it should (be lawful for Her said Majesty from Time to Time by Letters Patent under the Great Seal to appoint a fit and proper Person to supply such Vacancy: And whereas Andrew Henry

Lynch Esquire, late One of the said Masters in Ordinary;

did on the Twenty-fifth Day of March now last past duly resign his said Office, and the same thereby became and now

is vacant: And whereas it is expedient that the Number of the said Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery

should be reduced to the same Number as existed before the ' passing of the said last-mentioned Act:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty not to fill up the Office so vacant by the Resignation of the said Andrew Henry Lynch, but that the same shall be and the same is hereby abolished.

II. And be it enacted, That for the Convenience of prosecuting the Causes and Matters referred to the said Andrew Henry Lynch, and now transferred to the other Masters in Ordinary, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, if he shall think fit, to retain George Barrett and Edward Wright, the late Clrief and Second Clerks of the said Andrew Henry Lynch, as Chief and Second Clerks respectively, with all the Duties, Rights, Privileges, and Emoluments thereto belonging, as if a Master in Ordinary had been duly appointed to succeed the said Andrew Henry Lynch, but nevertheless for a Time not exceeding Twelve Months from the passing of this Act: Provided always, that in the event of the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the said George Barrett and Edward Wright, or either of them, before the Expiration of the said Twelve Months, it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, if he shall think fit, to appoint, a Successor to them or either of them during the Time aforesaid.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to award such Compensation (if any), and in such Manner and upon such Conditions* as he may think fit)

5 Vict. c. 5. atx lishing Master of Exchequer, and appointing Mr. Richards,.

Resignation of Mr. Lynch.

One Mastershi abolished.

Chief and Second Clerks retained for Period not exceeding Tweb Months.

Compensation to Chief and Second Clerks

Act may he amended, &c.

9 & 10 Vict 10 Vict c. 74.

Recited Act and this Act to be construed as One.

Interpretation of Expressions in recited Act and this Act.

Acts of Commissioners of Public Baths, &c. to be valid, notwithstanding Informalities.

Cap. 60, 61. Master in (liunccrg. 10 & 11 VICT *

to the said George Barrett and Edward Wright, or either ef them, in consideration of the Loss they or he may have sustained by the Abolition of the said Office of Master in. Ordinary.

IV# And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

Establishment of [2d July 1847.]

CAP. LXI.

An Act to amend the Act for the public Baths and Wash-houses.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of ' Parliament, intituled An Act to encourage the EstabKsh-

meat of public Baths and Wash-houses: And whereas it is ' expedient to afford additional Facilities for the Establishment of public Baths and Wash-houses and open Bathing Places; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the recited Act, as amended by this Act, and this Act shall he construed and be carried into execution as One Act.

II. And be it enacted and declared, That the following Words and Expressions in the recited Act shall have in the said Act and this Act the several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

"Parish" shall mean not only every Place having separate Overseers of the Poor and separately maintaining its own Poor, but also every Place maintaining its own Poor and having a Vestry:

"Rate-payers" shall mean all Persons for the Time being assessed to and paying Rates for the Relief of the Pottf of the Parish:

u Vestry" shall mean not only a Vestry as defined in the said Act, but also any Body of Persons, by whatever Name distinguished, acting by virtue of any Act of Parliament, Prescription, Custom, or otherwise as or instead of a Vestry or Select Vcstiy.

III. And be it enacted, That when any Person shall have been appointed to the Office of Commissioners of Public Baths and Wash-houses for any Parish before the passing of this Act, the recited Act shall be deemed to have been duly adopted for such Parish notwithstanding that there may have been any Defect or Irregularity in or in any way concerning such Adoption; and all Acts and Proceedings of any Person in possession of the Office of such Commissioner, and acting in good Faith as such Commissioner, whether appointed before or after the passing of this Act, shall, notwithstanding his Disqualification or Want of Qualification for or any Defect or Irregularity in or in any way concerning his Appointment to such Office, be

as

C.

Baths and Wash-houses.

549

1847.

Cap. 61.

as valid and effectual as if he were duly qualified or there had not been any such Defect or Irregularity.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall be incorporated With the recited Act and this Act: Provided always, that the Council and Commissioners respectively shall not purchase or take any Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

V. And be it enacted, That the Number of Washing Tubs or Troughs for the Labouring Classes in any Building or Buildings under the Management of the same Council or Commissioners shall not be less than twice the Number of the Washing Tubs or Troughs of any higher Class, if but One, or of all the higher Classes if more than One, in the same Building or Buildings.

VI. And be it enacted, That so much of the recited Act as Cnaets that the Council and Commissioners respectively may make such reasonable Charges for the Use of the Baths and Wash-houses and open Bathing Places as they think fit, not exceeding such Charges as are mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to that Act, shall be repealed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Council and the Commissioners respectively may from Time to Time make such reasonable Charges for the Use of the Baths and Wash-houses and open Bathing Places provided under the recited Act and this Act respectively as they think fit, not exceeding the Charges mentioned in the Schedule annexed to this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Charges for the Baths and Wash-houses and open Bathing Places.

1. Baths for thb Labouring Classes.

Every Bath to be supplied with clean Water for every Person bathing alone, or for several Children bathing together, and in either Case with One clean Towel for every Bather.

For One Person above Eight Years old:

Cold Bath, or cold Shower Bath, any Sum not exceeding -Warm Bath, or warm Shower Bath, or

Vapour Bath, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence. For several Children, not above Eight Years old, nor exceeding Four, bathing together:

Cold Bath, or cold Shower Bath, any Sum not exceeding - - Two-pence.

Warm Bath, or warm Shower Bath, or

Vapour Bath, any Sum not exceeding Four-pence.

2. Baths

- One Penny.

Incorporationol 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Council, &c. not to take Lands, &c.

Proportion of Washing Accommodation for Labouring Classes.

So much of recited Act as regulates Charge! for Use of Baths, See, repealed.

Power to make Charges for Use of Baths, Scc. not exceeding those in the Schedule.

Act may be amended, &c.

550

Cap. 61, 62. Baths amt If'ash-houses. 10 & 11 VIC&

2. Baths of ant higher Class.

Such Charges as the Council and the Commissioners respectively think fit, not exceeding in any Case Three Times the Charges above mentioned for the several Kinds of Baths for the Labouring Classes.

3. Wash-houses for the Labouring Classes.

Every Wash-house to be supplied with Conveniences for washing and drying Clothes and other Articles.

For the Use by One Person of Oue Washing Tub or Trough, and of a Copper or Boiler (if any), or, where One of the Washing Tubs or Troughs shall be used as a Copper or Boiler, for the Use of One Pair of Washing Tubs or Troughs, and for the Use of the Conveniences for drying:

For One Hour only in any One Day,

any Sum not exceeding - - One Penny.

For Two Hours together, in any-one

Day, any Sum not exceeding - Three-pence.

Any Time over the Hour or Two Hours respectively, if not exceeding Five Minutes, not to be reckoned.

For Two Hours not together, or for more than Two Hours in any One Day, such Charges as the Council and the Commissioners respectively think fit.

For the Use of the washing Conveniences alone, or of the drying Conveniences alone, such Charges as the Council and the Commissioners respectively think fit, but not exceeding in either Case the Charges for the Use for the same Time of both the washing and the drying Conveniences.

4. Wash-houses of any higher Class.

Such Charges as the Council and the Commissioners respectively think fit.

5. Open Bathing Places, where several Persons bathe in the same Water, for One Person One Halfpenny.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for the Establishment of Naval Prisons, and for the Prevention of Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy.

[2d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by the Laws and Customs of Her Majesty's Navy Officers commanding Her Majesty's Ships and (Vessels are empowered to order Corporal Punishment to be ' inflicted on Men in Her Majesty's Service for various Offences, ' for the Purpose of preserving and enforcing Discipline, without the Offenders being tried by Court-martial: And whereas it is expedient that Officers commanding Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels should have the Power of inflicting summary Punishment by Imprisonment; and it is also expedient that the

Naval Pinsons.

551

1847/

Cap. 62.

the Lord High Admiral, and the Commissioners for executing

the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall have Power to establish

and regulate Naval Prisons, and that further Provision shall be made for the Apprehension of Deserters, and for checking

Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases in which Officers commanding Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels are empowered to order Corporal Punishment without the Offender being tried by Court-martial it shall be lawful for such Officers commanding any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty within the Limits of any Port, if they think fit, and without the Offender being tried by Court-martial, to order such Corporal Punishment to be inflicted according to the Laws and Customs of Her Majesty's Navy, or to order the Offender to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, to be computed from the Date of the Order, in any Place, Ship, or Vessel, either afloat or on shore, which the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, may at any Time or Times appoint for the Purpose, and where no such Place, Ship, or Vessel shall have been so appointed, in any public Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction in Her Majesty's Dominions, and such Imprisonment may be with or without hard Labour, and the Offender shall be kept in solitary Confinement for any Portion of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Ten Days in the whole, or not, as any such Order shall direct; but any such Order for Imprisonment shall not have any Force or Effect until the same shall have been approved of by Writing under the Hand of the Naval Officer commanding at the Port where the Vessel to which the Offender belongs may be.

II. And be it enacted, That every Governor, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, and every Officer having the Charge or Command of any Place, Ship, or Vessel for Imprisonment as aforesaid, shall receive into his Custody any Person so ordered to be imprisoned as aforesaid, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Ship or Vessel to which the Offender belongs, approved of as aforesaid, and which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Prisoner is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day when he is to be released, and the Prisoner shall be confined, with or without hard Labour, and in solitary Confinement or not, as such Order shall direct

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said L/ord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners, or for the said Officer commanding in chief, or for the Officer commanding the Ship or Vessel to which the Prisoner belongs, to ^tve at any Period of any such Imprisonment an Order in

Writing

In Cases where Officers commanding Ships are empowered to order Courts-martial, they may inflict Corporal Punishment or Imprisonment instead.

Order for Imprisonment to be approved of by Commander-in-Chief.

Gaolers to receive and confine Offenders.

Order for Discharge or Removal of Prisoners.

Cap. 62.

Naval Prisons.

10 & 11 VICT.

Subsistence of Prisoners.

Prisoners not to be entitled to Pay or to reckon Time while in Confinement.

Admiralty may net apart Buildings and Ships as Naval Prisons, and appoint Officers and make Rules and Regulations for the Government of the

Writing directing that the Prisoner mar he discharged or he removed by the Person having Charge of him, or in Naval Cufr tody, to some other Prison or Place of Confinement, there to undergo the Remainder of his Imprisonment, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner shall on the Production of such Order be discharged or removed accordingly; and when any Prisoner shall be removed by any Governor, Gaoler, or Keeper in pursuance of any such Order such Governor, Gaoler, or Keeper shall be allowed for the Charge of the Removal tod Conveyance a Sum not exceeding One Shilling per Mile; and every Governor, Gaoler, Keeper, and Officer having the Charge or Command of any Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Place, Ship, or Vessel of Imprisonment in which the Prisoner is to undergo the Remainder of his Imprisonment shall, upon being furnished with a Duplicate of the Order of Imprisonment, and of the Order of Removal, receive into his Custody and confine the Prisoner pursuant thereto.

IV. And be it enacted, That the same Amount shall be paid by the Naval Department to any Governor, Gaoler, or Keeper towards the Subsistence of any Prisoner whatever confined under the Provisions of this Act as is or may be payable towards the Subsistence of Prisoners confined under Sentence of Naval Courts-martial.

V. And be it enacted, That every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Navy who shall be summarily imprisoned under the Provisions of this Act shall not be entitled to any Pay or Wages, or to reckon Service for or towards Pay, Wages, or Pension, for any Period during which he shall be so imprisoned.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and ako for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any Two of them, if he or they think fit, to set apart any Building or Buildings, or Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels, or any Part or Parts thereof, as Naval Prisons, and to declare that any Building or Building* or any Ship or Vessel, or Ship or Vessels, shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings, Ship or Vessel, or Ships or Vessels shall be deemed and taken to ne a Naval Prison and Naval Prisons, and every such Naval Prison shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and a& and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State shall, with respect to all such Naval Prisons, belong tp and may be exercised by the Lord High Admiral, and also for the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or any Tw o of them; and it shall be lawful for tEe Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them/ at any Time or Times, and from Tm to Time, to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Naval Prieop, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of Offenders

confined

1847* Naval Prisons. Cap. 62. 055)

confined therein, and the same shall be observed and enforced within such Prisons; and it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, from Time to Time to appoint Inspectors and all other necessary Officers and Servants, for any such Naval Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Inspectors, Officers, or Servants of any such Naval Prison; and the Officer commanding in chief at any Port or Place or on any Station where there may be any such Naval Prison, or such Officer commanding in chief, and such other Person and Persons as the Lord High Admiral Or the said Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and every Inspector

Visitor, or Officer having the Charge or Command of any such Naval Prison respectively shall, subject to such Buies and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made as aforesaid, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, aU the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful, when the Offenders undei Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Sentence of Office of Lord High Admiral, or any Two of them, shall at any may^finec Time or Times think proper, to confine in any such Naval in Naval Pri-Prison not only the Offenders therein-before mentioned, but sons* also any Person who shall have been tried by a Naval Court-martial and sentenced to Imprisonment, or whose Sentence by a Naval Court-martial shall have been commuted to Imprisonment, or who, in consequence of his Sentence dr of his commuted Punishment, shall be liable to be detained until his Sentence or commuted Punishment be carried into effect.

VII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall convey or Penalties Cause to be conveyed into any such Naval Prison any Arms,

Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise to facilitate escape of Pn-the Escape of any Prisoner* or shall by any Means whatever sonm, and on aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, tions. such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and, upon being convicted thereof, shall be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years, or transported beyond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the Rules, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds; and if any Person shall bring into, stlch Prison, or to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Officer having the Charge or Command thereof, any Money, Clothing,

Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner* or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles,

or

554

NmomlPtwons *

Cap. 62.

10 & 11V*.

or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the said Officer, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Person shall assault er violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of hiB Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or if the Offender be a Pri* soner, he shall upon Conviction thereof, by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, be liable to be sentenced for every such Offence to be imprisoned, either with or without hard Labour, and with or without solitary Confinement, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may be then unexpired/

Apprehension

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the of Deserters. Constable of any Place where any Person reasonably suspected to belong to Her Majesty's Navy, and to be a Deserter of improperly absent from his Duty, shall be found, or of any adjoining Place, and if no such Constable can be immediately met with to secure him then for any Person in Her Majesty^ Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and cause him to be brought before any Justice in the United Kingdom, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or Territories, or in the Territories under the Government of the East India Company in or near such Place, who shall examine such suspected Person, and if by his Confession, or the Testi-

mony of One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, or by the knowledge of such Justice it shall appear that any Person brought before him is a Person belonging to Her Majesty^ Navy, improperly absent from his Duty, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the nearest or most convenient 1 3 Prison, and shall transmit an Account thereof to the

tary of the Admiralty, or to any Commander-in-Chief or Officer commanding any one of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels, with a Description of such Person and the Name of the Ship or Vessel to which he shall or may be suspected to belong, or if any such Offender shall be apprehended by any Person in Her Majesty's Service, or shall be apprehended in the Vicinity of any one of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, then such Justice shall order him to be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel, instead of committing him to Prison; and in aQ Cases the Justice shall certify the Name of the Person by whom the Offender was apprehended, and such last-mentioned Person shall be entitled to a Reward for such Apprehension, according to the Amount which is or may be established by the Navi Regulations or Instructions for the Time bring in that Behalf, or in case the Apprehension shall be under Circumstances for which no Reward is or may be established, the Amount of such Reward shall be any Sum in the Discretion of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or of the Officer commanding the Vessel to which the Deserter or Person who shall have been

impro-

1847 *

Naval Prison *

555

Gap* 62 *

improperly absent shall belong, not exceeding Three Pounds, and the Reward shall in every Case be paid and charged against the Wages or Pay of any such Offender, and stopped out of the same; and for every such Information, Commitment, or Order and Account as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice may be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more, and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any such Offender is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of him pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Sums shall be repaid to such Gaoler or other Person, and the same, together with Sixpence for every Day the Offender shall be in his Custody, which shall be paid to such Gaoler or other Person, shall be charged against the Pay or Wages of the Offender, and every Gaoler or other Person having the Custody of any such Offender shall deliver him up to any Person authorized to take charge of him by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or by any Naval Commander-in-Chief, or the Officer commanding any one of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels, and any Person so authorized shall convey him in safe Custody on board any one of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission.

X. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from any one of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels, or improperly absent from such Ship or Vessel, or who while serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, shall to any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer thereof confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, or improperly absent as aforesaid, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter, or improperly absent from his Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, and his Statement shall not be true, he shall, if received into Her Majesty's Naval Service, be deemed in Her Majesty's Navy, and be liable to serve and be detained therein as if he. had voluntarily entered, or in case such Person shall not be received into Her Majesty's Navy, he shall, on Convictioit thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and a Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Ireland, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

XL. And be it enacted, That every Person who, by Words or any other Means whatsoever, shall persuade any Person in Her Majesty's Navy to desert or improperly absent himself from his Duty shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every auch Act; and every Person who shall assist or procure any Person in Her Majesty's Navy to desert or improperly absent

himself

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

Penalty for persuading Persons to desert or absent themselves from Duty.

Naval Pri*<MJt.

10 & 11 Vjto

Penalty a* regards Gaolers, &c.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

5 & 6 W.4. c. 76.

Power to summon Witnesses.

himself from his Duty, or shall conceal, employ, or contimferto employ any Person belonging to Her Majesty's Navy who shall be a Deserter, or improperly absent from his Duty, knowing him to be such a Deserter or so improperly absent, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Thirty Pounds for every such Assistance^ Procurement, Concealment, Employment, or continuing (A Employment as aforesaid. f

XII. And be it enacted, That every Governor, Gaoler, and

Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, and every Officer having the Charge or Command of any Place, Ship, or Vessel for Imprisonment, who shall refuse or neglect to receive or confine, remove, discharge, or deliver up any Prisoner or Offender as herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Refusal or Neglect the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall and may be recovered with Costs, either by Information or Complaint, by summary Proceedings before any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender shall at any Time happen to be, and whether the Offence be committed in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England, or not} and if the Sum imposed as a Penalty by any such Justice or Justices shall not be paid, either immediately after the Conviction or within such reasonable Time as such Justice or Justices shall at the Time of the Conviction appoint, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour, according to the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months, the Commitment to be determinable upon Payment of the Amount and Costs; and all Penalties and Forfeitures recoverable under this Act shall be paid and applied in manner following; (that is to say,) One Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer or Complainant, and the Residue thereof shall be paid to the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, any thing in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace may summon any Witness to appear and give Evidence before him or them upon any Matter cognizable under this Act, at a Time and Place appointed for hearing the Information or Complaint, and by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals may require any Person to be brought before him or them, who shall neglect or refuse to appear to give Evidence at the Time or Place appointed in such Summons, Proof upon Oath being first given of personal Service of the Summons upon the Person against whom such Warrant shall be granted; and such Justice or Justices may commit any Person

coming

1847i

Naval Prisons *

C*p*6ft. 557

oOrafag w brought before him or themy who shall refuse to give Evidence, to any Common Gaol or Home of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or until such Person shall sooner submit himself to be examined, and in case of' such Submission the Order of any such Justice or Justices shall be sufficient Warrant for the Discharge of such Person.

XV. And be it enacted, That the Justice or Justices before Form} f Conor by whom any Person or Persons shall be summarily conviction. victcjd of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, as the Case shall require; (that is to say,)

BE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord at,

9 Liberty, City, et cetera, as the O

vieted before me [or us, naming the Justice or Justices,] One f [or Two] of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said 9 County [or Riding, et c<stera], for that he the said A. O. did 9 [specify the Offence and the Time and Place when and where 9 the same was committed, as the Case may be,] and I [or we]

the Baid Justice [or Justices} do adjudge the said A.O., for 9 his said Offence, to forfeit and pay the Sum of 1

Skere state the Amount of Fine imposed and I [or we] the said Justice [or Justices] do also adjudge the said A.O. to pay the ' Sum of for Costs; and in default of immediate Payment of the said Sums of and [or in

9 default of Payment of the said Sums of and

« on or before the Day of ] I [or we] the said Justice [or Justices] do adjudge the said A. O. to be imprisoned [or to be imprisoned and kept to 'hard Labour] in the for the Space of unless the said

9 Shins shall be sooner paid; and I [ar we] direct that the Sum 9 of f, Part of the said Penalty, together with the Baid Sum of for Costs, shall be paid to C.

9 [rAr Party informing or Complaining], and the Residue of the 9 said Penalty shall be paid to the Commissioners of Greenwich 9 Hospital. 1 *

Oiven under my Hand [or our Hands] the Day and Year first above written. '

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Conviction under this Act No Certiorari, shalbbe Quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari *°* or otherwise, into any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record, and no Warrant, Commitment* or Order for Imjirison*-ment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided it be therein alleged that the Person has been convicted dr ordered to be imprisoned^ and there be a good and valid Convio 4km or an Offence to sustain the same.

XVLI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended dr Act may be repealed by any 'Act to be passed during this present Session of *mended>&c* Parliament

In the County of

Cap. 63.

Royal Marine Service.

10 & 11 VICT.

After pawing of this Act the Period for Enlistment for a Marine limited.

Repealing certain Questions in Schedule to 10 & 11 Vict. c. 13., and sub* stituting those contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed.

Marines on Completion of Term of limited Service may be re-engaged.

As to the Enlistment of Marines ordered on Foreign Service.

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for limiting the Time of Service in the Royal Marine Forces.

[2d July 184/.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the System of Enlist *

ment now in use in the Royal Marine Forces:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing of this Act no Person shall be enlisted to serve in the Royal Marine Forces as a Marine for a longer Term than Twelve Years, to be reckoned from the Day on which the Recruit shall have been attested, if he shall have stated himself to be then of the Age of Eighteen Tears, or if not, then from the Day on which he will complete the Age of Eighteen Years, to be reckoned according to the Age stated in Ins Attestation.

II. And be it enacted, That such of the Questions relative to Enlistment as are contained in the Schedule of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Share, as relates to the enlisting and attesting of Marines shall be repealed, and that in all Cases of Enlistment to serve in the Royal Marine Forces the Questions directed to be put on the Attestation of Recruits as to their Willingness to serve shall be in the Form contained in Schedule (A.) hereto annexed.

III. And be it enacted, That any Marine at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service for which he shall have first engaged, or after the Completion of such Term, may, if approved by his Commanding Officer or other competent Authority as a fit Person to continue in Her Majesty's Service as a Marine, be re-engaged to serve for the further Term of Twelve Years in the Royal Marine Forces, upon making a Declaration in the Form given in the Schedule marked (B.^ and annexed to this Act, before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland, before any Person duly appointed by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in that Behalf, or who, under any Act now in force or which shall hereafter be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces whil$ on Shore, has or shall have Power to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any Marines or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into the Royal Marine Forces.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Marine who shall be ordered on Foreign Service, and who is within Three Years of the Expiration of his first Engagement, shall be at liberty, with the Approbation of his Commanding Officer, to re-engage, before he embarks for such Foreign Service, for such Period as shall complete a total Service of Twenty Jour Year *

according

Royal Marine Service.

Csp.6&

according to the Form given in Schedule (B.), and annexed to this Act *

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either the First or Second Term of limited Service for which any Marine shall have so engaged shall expire while he is serving on any Foreign Station, the said First or Second Term of limited Service may be prolonged for such further Time, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on such Foreign Station; and that any Marine who shall give Notice to his Commanding Officer, after completing his Second Term of limited Service, that he is desirous of continuing in Her Majesty's Service as a Marine, and being approved by his Commanding Officer or other competent Authority, may be continued in such Service as a Marine so long as he shall desire to be so continued, and until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after he shall have given Notice to his Commanding Officer of his Wish to be discharged, and for that Purpose shall be considered in all respects during such Time as if his Term of Service were still unexpired.

VI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if at the Expiration of such First or Second Term of limited Service, or of such Term of prolonged Service, any Marine entitled to his Discharge being on any Foreign Station shall not be willing to re-engage or to continue in Her Majesty's Service, his Commanding Officer shall, as in the Case of Marines invalided, take the usual Measures, with all convenient Despatch, for the Conveyance of such Marine to England, and on the Arrival of such Marine in England he shall be finally discharged: Provided always, that during such Time as may elapse between the Expiration of such Terms of Service as aforesaid and his final Discharge in England such Marine shall remain subject to the same Discipline as fully as he may have been subject thereto before the Expiration of such Terms of Service: Provided also, that if at the Expiration of any such First or Second Term of limited Service, or of such Term of prolonged Service, any Marine being in any of Her Majesty's Colonies shall claim his Discharge, and shall signify to the Governor of such Colony through the Commanding Officer of such Marine his Desire to remain in such Colony, it shall be lawful for such Governor, if he shall think fit, with the Consent of such Commanding Officer, to permit such Marine to remain therein, and thereupon such Marine shall be finally discharged, and shall not be entitled to claim to be conveyed to England at the public Charge at any future Period.

VII. And be it enacted, That if the Term for which any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine shall have been enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of Service may have been prolonged as aforesaid, shall expire after any Offence committed by him, and before he has been tried or punished for the same, such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine shall, notwithstanding the Expiration of his Term of Service, be deemed and taken to be still in the Royal Marine Forces for the Purpose of under *

66%

If Terms of limited Services expire while Marines are on any Foreign Station, they may be prolonged for a further Tima.

If at the Expiration of such Terms of Service Marines are unwilling to re-engage themselves, they shall be conveyed home.

If Marines desire to remain in the Colony, Governor, &c. may permit them to do so.

If Term of Enlistment of Marine expire after any Offence committed, &c.» he shall be deemed to be in the Service till after Trial, &c. for the same.

If Marines are absent from Duty by reason of Imprisonment, &c., such Portion of Time not to be reckoned as Part of limited Enlistment.

Period at which Act to take effect.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 63. Royal Marine, Service. 10 & 11 Vict.

going his Trial and Punishment, but for no other Purpose: Provided always, that no Non-commissioned Officer or Marine shall be so tried after the Expiration of his Service, except by a Naval Court-martial, or by a General or District or Garrison Court-martial, as the Case may require.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Term of Service may have been prolonged as aforesaid; and if any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service by reason of his having been made a Prisoner of War, the Circumstances under which he was so made a Prisoner shall, on his rejoining Her Majesty's Service, be subjected to Inquiry by a Court-martial; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Court that he was taken Prisoner through his own wilful Neglect of his Duty, or that he has or has not returned to his Duty so soon as he could and ought to have returned, the Court may, by its Sentence, direct that all or any Part of the Time during which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine shall have been 60 absent may be deducted from his Term of Service.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Questions to be put separately by the Justice to a Recbuit on ENLISTING.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County were you born ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject to

Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour ?

8. Are

Royal Marine Service.

Cap. 63.

8 *

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marine Forces for the Term of [/Aw Blank to be

filled up by the Justice with Twelve Years if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Twelve Years], provided Her Majesty should so long require your Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station?

At what Place, on what Day, at what Hour of the Day, and by whom were you enlisted ?

For what Bounty did you enlist ?

Have you any Objection to make to the Manner of your Enlistment?

Do you now belong to the Militia?

Do you belong to any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or to the Forces of the East India Company ?

Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or Navy, or in the Forces of the East India Company ?#

Have you ever been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service, or for the Service of the East India Company, upon any prior Enlistment ?

Note — The Justice is directed first to ascertain that Twenty-four Hours have elapsed since the Enlistment took place, and in putting the Twelfth Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

# If so, the Recruit is to state the Particulars of his former Service, and the Cause of his Discharge, and is to produce the Certificate of his Discharge, if he has it with him.

SCHEDULE (B.)

I, do declare. That I am at present [or was, as the

Case may be,] in the Division of the Royal Marine

Foroes; that I enlisted on the Day of for

a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine for a further Term of Years [to

be filled up with Twelve Years, and in the Case of a Marine about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty four Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me

Signature of Marine.

Signature of Witness.

Nn 3

Cap. 64, 65.

10 & 11 VICT

10411 Vict. c.l.

10411 Vict c.S.

Duties on Corn, fte. suspended till 1st March 1848.

Act may be amended* &c.

Com, Importation.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to suspend until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Duties on the Importation of Corn, Maize, Bice, Grain, Meal, Flour, Biscuit, and certain other similar Articles.

[9th July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to suspend until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty- seven the Duties on the Importation of Com, it is enacted that no Duties of Customs shall be chargeable on any Com, Grain, Meal, or Flour imported into the United Kingdom or the Isle of Man from Parts beyond the Seas, and entered for Home Consumption, before the First Day of September in this present Year: And whereas by another Act, also passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to suspend until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat, 4 Buck Wheat Meal, Maize or Indian Corn, Indian Com Mealy and Rice, it is enacted that no Duties shall be chargeable upon any of the aforesaid Articles imported into the United Kingdom, and entered for Home Consumption, before the said First Day of September in the present Year: And whereas it is expedient that the said several Articles and the other Articles herein-after mentioned should be admitted into this Country free of Duty for a further Period; Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Duties of Customs shall be chargeable upon any Com, Grain, Meal, Flour, Buck Wheat, Buck Wheat Meal, Maize or Indian Com, Indian Com Meal, Rice, Rice Meal, Barley (Pot or Hulled), Mandioca Flour, Ship Biscuit or Biscuit of other Kinds (not being Fancy Biscuit or Confectionery), imported into the United Kingdom, nor upon any Cora, Grain, Meal, or Flour imported into the Isle of Man from Parts beyond the Seas, and entered for Home Consumption, before the First Day of March which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts authorizing the making of Cemeteries.

[9th July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in Or sundry Provisions usually contained in Acts of

One Act Parliament authorizing the making of Cemeteries, and that as well

for

Cemeteries Clauses.

563

Cap. 65 *

for avoiding the Necessity of repeating such Provisions in ' each of the several Acts relating to such Undertakings as for

insuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall extend only to such Cemeteries as shall be authorized by any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith, and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted in any such Act, shall apply to the Cemetery authorized thereby, so far as they ore applicable to such Cemetery, and shall, with the Clauses of every other Act incorporated therewith, form Part of such Act, and be construed therewith as forming One Act

And with respect to the Construction of this Act and any Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows:

II. The Expression "the special Act" used in this Act shall be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed authorizing the making of a Cemetery, and with which this Act shall be incorporated; and the Word "prescribed" used in this Act in reference to any Matter herein stated shall be construed to refer to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the special Act; and the Sentence in which such Word occurs shall be construed as if instead of the Word "prescribed" the Expression "prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act" had been used; and th? Expression " the Lands" shall mean the Lands which shall by the special Act be authorized to be taken or used for the Purposes thereof; and the Expression " the Company" shall mean the Persons by the special Act authorized to construct the Cemetery.

ffl. The following Words and Expressions in both this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words.importing the Plural Number only shall include also the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females: The Word " Person" shall include a Corporation, whether aggr egate or sole:

TneWord "Lands" shall include Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments of any Tenure:

The Expression "the Cemetery" shall mean the Cemetery or Burial Ground, and the Works connected therewith, by the special Act authorized to be constructed:

The Word "Month" shall mean Calendar Month;

The Expression " Superior Courts" shall mean Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster or Dublin, as the Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common N n 4 Pleas

Extent of Act.

Interpretations in this Act

"special Act:" presen doq

" Lands: *

" Company.

Interpretations in this and the special Act.

Number:

Gender: "Person:* '

" Lands

"the Cemetery: *

" Month: *

" Superior Courts:"

r*Oath; w

" Estftbluhed Church :M

" County :M

" Justice: *

" Two Justices

" Quartet Sessions."

Citing the Act.

Short Title of this Act.

Form in which Portions of this Act may be incorporated m other Acts.

Making of Cemetery

Construction of Cemetery to be subject to the rroTtaioiis of

Cap. 65. Cemeteries Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster and the .Court of Pleas of the County of Durham:

The Word " Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Case of Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

; The Expression " Established Church" shall mean the United Church of England and Ireland as by Law established: The Word " County" shall include any Riding or other Division of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace, and shall also include the County of a City or County of a Town:

The Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises, and if such Matter arise in respect of Lands situated not wholly in one Jurisdiction shall mean a Justice acting for the Place where any Part of such Lands shall be situated; and where any Matter is authorized or required to be done by " Two Justices" the Expression " Two Justices" shall be understood to mean Two or more Justices met and acting together:

The Expression " Quarter Sessions" shall mean the Quarter Sessions as defined by the special Act, or if such Expression be not therein defined it shall mean the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held at the Place nearest the Cemetery for the County or Place in which the Cemetery or some Part thereof is situated, or for some Division of such County having a separate Commission of the Peace.

, And with respect to citing this Act or any Part thereof, be it enacted as follows:

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Cemeteries Clauses Act, 1847."

V. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act with any Act hereafter to be passed it shall be enough to describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter in the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such' Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act, and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they are expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of eueh Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

And with respect to the making of the Cemetery, be it enacted as follows:

VI. Where by the special Act the Company shall be empowered, for the Purpose of making the Cemetery, to take or use any Lands otherwise than with the Consent of the Owners and

Occupiers

Cemeteries Clauses.

Cap. 65.

Occupiers thereof, they shall, in exercising the Power so given to them, be subject to the Provisions and Restrictions contained in this Act and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and shall make to the Owners and Occupiers of and all other Parties ifiteredted in any Lands taken or used for the Purposes of the gpecial Act, or injuriously affected by the Construction of the Works thereby authorized, full Compensation for the Value of the Lands so taken or used, and for all Damage sustained by such Owners, Occupiers, or other Parties, by reason of the Exercise, as regards such Lands, of the Powers vested in the Company by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, and, except where otherwise provided by this or the special Act, the Amount of such Compensation shall be determined in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for determining Questions of Compensation with regard to Lands purchased or taken under the Provisions thereof, and all the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act shall be applicable to determine the Amount of such Compensation, and to enforce Payment or other Satisfaction thereof.

VII. If any Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description shall have been made of any Lands, or of the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of any Lands described in the special Act or the Schedule thereto, the Company, after giving Ten Days Notice to the Owners of the Lands affected by such proposed Correction, may apply to Two Justices for the Correction thereof, and if it appear to such Justices that such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description arose from Mistake, they shall certify the same accordingly, and shall in such Certificate state the Particulars of any such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description; and such Certificate shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the Lands affected thereby shall be situated, and thereupon the special Act or Schedule shall be deemed to be corrected according to such Certificate, and the Company may take the Lands according to such Certificate, as if such Omission, Mis-statement, or wrong Description had not been made.

VIII. Copies of any Alteration or Correction of the special Act, or the Schedule thereto, or of any Extract therefrom, certified by any such Clerk of the Peace in whose Custody such Alteration or Correction may be, which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace shall give to all Parties interested, when required, shall be received in all Courts of Justice or elsewhere as Evidence of the Contents thereof.

IX. The Company shall not sell or dispose of toy Land which shall have been consecrated or used for the Burial of the Dead, or make use of such Land for any Purpose except such as shall be authorized by this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith.

X. No Part of the Cemetery shall be constructed nearer to any Dwelling House than the prescribed Distance, or if no Distance be prescribed, Two hundred Yards, except with the

Consent

565

this and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

Errors and Omission* in Act or Sche-. dulo to be corrected by Justices, who shall certify the same.

Certificate to be deposited.

Copies of Fiens, &c. to be/EH* dence.

Company not to dispose of any Land consecrated or used for Burials.

Cemetery not to be within a certain Distance of Houses.

Making of Cemetery.

Company may build Chapels* See.

Company may make or widen Roads to Cemetery.

No Road to be widened without Consent.

Owners, &c. may enter into Agreements for improving Roads for that Purpose.

Cemetery to be inclosed and fenced.

Cemetery, &c. to be kept in repair.

Company to make Compensation for Damages done.

Prevention of Nwtetmee.

Power to make Sewers, Drains, Sec. in and about the Cemetery.

Certain Provisions of Waterworks Clauses

---- 1

Cap. 65. Cemeteries Clauses* 10 & 11 Vict.

Consent in Writing of the Owner, Leasee, and Occupier of such House.

XI. The Company upon any Land which by the special Act they are authorized to use for the Purposes of the Cemetery may build such Chapels for the Performance of the Burial Ser-r vice as they think fit, and may lay out and embellish the Grounds of the Cemetery as they think fit.

XII. The Company upon any Land purchased by them under this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, may make any new Roads to the Cemetery, or widen or improve any existing Roads thereto which they think fit.

XIII. Provided always, That the Company shall not widen or improve any existing Road without the Consent of the Owner thereof, if the Road be private, or if the Road be public, without the Consent of the Persons in whom the Management of the Road is vested by Law.

XIV. The Company and the Owners or Persons having the Management of any such Road as aforesaid may enter into such Agreements as they think fit, for enabling the Company to widen or improve any such Road, and for maintaining the same.

XV. Every Part of the Cemetery shall be inclosed by Walk or other sufficient Fences of the prescribed Materials and Dimensions, and if no Materials or Dimensions be prescribed by substantial Walls or Iron Railings of the Height of Eight Feet at least.

XVI. The Company shall keep the Cemetery and the Buildings and Fences thereof in complete Repair, and in good Order and Condition, out of the Monies to be received by them by virtue of this and the special Act.

XVII. Provided always, That in the Exercise of the Powers by this and the special Act granted to the Company they shall do as little Damage as can be, and shall make full Compensation to all Parties interested for all Damage sustained by them through the Exercise of such Powers.

And with respect to preventing Nuisance from the Cemetery, be it enacted as follows:

XVIII. The Company shall make all necessary and proper Sewers and Drains in and about the Cemetery, for draining and keeping the same dry, and they may from Time to Time, as Occasion requires, cause any such Sewer or Drain to open into any existing Sewer, with the Consent in Writing of the Persons having the Management of such Sewer, and with the Consent in Writing of the Persons having the Management of the Street or Road, and of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands through which such Opening is made, doing as Httle Damage as possible to the Road or Ground wherein such Sewer or Drain may be made, and restoring it to the same or aB good Condition as it was in before being disturbed.

XIX. When any Street or Road or Sewer shall be opened, with such Consent as aforesaid, the Clauses of the Waterworks

Clauses

1847. Cemeteries Clauses. Cap. 65.

Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to breaking up Streets for the Purpose of laying Pipes, so far as the same are consistent with this Act and applicable thereto, shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall apply to the Company, and to any Ground broken by them for making any such Sewer or Drain as aforesaid to open into any existing Sewer.

XX. If the Company at any Time cause or suffer to be brought or to flow into any Stream, Canal, Reservoir, Aqueduct, Pond, or Watering Place, any offensive Matter from the Cemetery, whereby the Water therein shall be fouled, they shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXI. The said Penalty, with full Costs of Suit, may be recovered by any Person having Right to use the Water fouled by such offensive Matter, in any of the Superior Courts, by Action of Debt or on the Case: Provided always, that the said Penalty shall not be recoverable unless the same be sued for during the Continuance of the Offence, or within Six Months after it has ceased.

XXII. In addition to the said Penalty of Fifty Pounds (and whether such Penalty is recovered or not), any Person having Right to use the Water fouled by such offensive Matter may sue the Company in an Action on the Case in any Court of competent Jurisdiction for any Damage specially sustained by him by reason of the Water being so fouled; or if no special Damage be alleged, for the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Day during which such offensive Matter is brought or flows as aforesaid after the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours from the Time when Notice of the Offence is served on the Company by such Person.

And with respect to Burials in the Cemetery, be it enacted as follows:

XXIII. The Bishop of the Diocese in which the Cemetery is situated may, on the Application of the Company, consecrate any Portion of the Cemetery set apart for the Burial of the Dead according to the Rites of the Established Church, if he be satisfied with the Title of the Company to such Portion, and thinks fit to consecrate such Portion; and the Part which is so consecrated shall be used only for Burials according to the Rites of the Established Church.

XXIV. The Company shall define by suitable Marks the consecrated and unconsecrated Portions of the Cemetery.

XXV. The Company shall build, within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery, and according to a Plan approved of by the Bishop of the Diocese, a Chapel for the Performance of the Burial Service according to the Rites of the Established Church.

XXVI. No Body buried in the consecrated Part of the Cemetery shall be removed from its Place of Burial without the like Authority as is by Law required for the Removal of any Body buried in the Churchyard belonging to a Parish Church.

XXVII. The

067

Act, 1847, incorporated with this Act.

Penalty for allowing Water to be fouled.

Penalty to be sued for within Six Months.

In addition to Penalty of 50L, a daily Penalty during the Continuance of the Offence.

Burials.

A Part of Cemetery to be set apart and consecrated for Burial of Members of Established Church.

Consecrated Ground to be defined.

A Chapel for the Established Church to be constructed.

Bodies when interred not to be removed without lawful Authority.

Cemeteries Clauses.

Chaplain to be appointed with Consent of the Bishop.

Chaplain toper form Burial Service when required.

Other Clergymen of the Established Church may be allowed to officiate.

Company to pay the Chaplain a Stipend approved by the Bishop.

Stipend to be recovered by Action at Law.

Burials in the consecrated Portion to be registered by the Chaplain.

Cap. 65.

10 & 11 VICT.

XXVII. The Company shall from Time to Time, with the Approval of the Bishop of the Diocese in which the Cemetery is situated, appoint a Clerk in Holy Orders of the Established Church to officiate as Chaplain in the consecrated Part of the Cemetery; and such Chaplain shall be licensed by and be subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Bishop, and the said Bishop shall 'have Power to revoke any such Licence, and to remove such Chaplain, for any Cause which appears to him reasonable.

XXVIII. The Chaplain shall, when required, unless prevented by Sickness or other reasonable Cause, perform the Burial Service over all Bodies brought to be buried in the consecrated Part of the Cemetery which are entitled to be buried in consecrated Ground according to the Kites and Usage of the Established Church.

XXIX. Any Clerk in Holy Orders of the Established Church, not being prohibited by the Bishop, nor under Ecclesiastical Censure, at the Bequest of the Executor of the Will of any deceased Person, or any other Person having the Charge of the Burial of the Body of any deceased Person, and with the Consent of the Chaplain for the Time being of the Cemetery, or if there be no Chaplain with the Consent of the Bishop, may perform the said Burial Service over such Body in the consecrated Part of the Cemetery.

XXX. The Company, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this and the special Act, shall allow to the Chaplain of the Cemetery for the Time being such a Stipend as is approved of by the Bishop of the Diocese in which the Cemetery is situated, which shall be payable, by equal Moieties, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year; and if any Chaplain die, resign, or be removed or appointed, in the Interval between the half-yearly Days of Payment, the Company shall pay to him, or his Executors or Administrators, a Part only of the half-yearly Payment of the Stipend proportioned to the Time during which he shall have been the Chaplain since the last preceding Day of Payment.

XXXI. If the Stipend of the said Chaplain, or any Part thereof, be not paid to the Chaplain entitled to receive the same, or to the Executors or Administrators of a deceased Chaplain, for the Space of Thirty Days next after any of the Days of Payment whereon the same ought to be paid, such Chaplain, or his Executors or Administrators, may recover the same, with full Costs of Suit, against the Company, by Action of Debt or upon the Case in any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

XXXII. All Burials in the consecrated Part of the Cemetery shall be registered in Register Books to be provided by the Company, and kept for that Purpose by the Chaplain, according to the Laws in force by which Registers are required to be kept by the Rectors, Vicars, or Curates of Parishes or Ecclesiastical Districts in England; and such Register Books, or Copies or

Extracts

569

Cap. 65.

Extracts therefrom, shall be received in all Courts in Evidence of such Burials; and Copies or Transcripts thereof shall be from Time to Time sent to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Court of the Bishop of the Diocese in which the Cemetery is situated, to be kept with the Copies of the other Register Books of the Parishes within his Diocese.

XXXIII. The said Register Books, so far as respects Searches to be made therein, and Copies and Extracts to be taken therefrom, shall be subject to the same Regulations as are provided by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for registering Births, Deaths, and Marriages in England, so far as such Regulations relate to Register Books of Burials kept by any Rector, Vicar, or Curate.

XXXIV. The Company may, with the Consent of the {Chaplain for the Time being, from Time to Time appoint a Clerk to assist in performing the Service for Burials in the consecrated Part of the Cemetery, and allow to such Clerk such Stipend as they think proper out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this and the special Act, and they may remove such Clerk at their Pleasure.

XXXV. The Company may set apart the whole or a Portion of that Part of the Cemetery which is not set apart for Burials according to the Rites of the Established Church as a Place of Burial for the Bodies of Persons not being Members of the Established Church, and may allow such Bodies to be buried therein, under such Regulations'as the Company appoint.

XXXVI. The Company may allow, in any Chapel built within the unconsecrated Part of the Cemetery, a Burial Service to be performed according to the Rites of any Church or Congregation other than the Established Church, by any Minister of such other Church or Congregation duly authorized by Law to officiate in such Church or Congregation, or recognized as such by the religious Community or Society to which he belongs.

XXXVII. The Company may appoint Gravediggers and other Servants necessary for the Care and Use of the Cemetery, and may pay them such Wages and Allowances as they think fit out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this and the

Secial Act, and may remove them or any of them at their leasure.

XXXVIII. The Company shall make Regulations for ensuring that all Burials within the Cemetery are conducted in a decent and solemn Manner.

XXXIX No Body shall be buried in any Vault under any Chapel of the Cemetery, or within Fifteen Feet of the outer Wall of any such Chapel.

And with respect to exclusive Rights of Burial, and monumental Inscriptions, in the Cemetery, be it enacted as follows:

XL. The Company may set apart such Parts of the Cemetery as they think fit for the Purpose of granting exclusive

Rights

Burial».

Registers to be subject to the Regulations of 6 & 7 W. 4. C. 86. as to Searches, &e.

Clerk appointed for the consecrated Part of the Cemetery.

As to Burial of Persons not Members of the Church of England.

Company may allow any Burial Service to be performed in Dissenting Chapels.

Power to appoint Gravediggers, &c.

Regulations for ensuring Decency and Solemnity.

No Burials under or close to Chapels.

Exclusive Rights or Burial

Parts of the Cemetery may be set apart for

exclusive Burial.

Monument*]

Inscriptions.

Plan and Book of Reference to be kept, and be open to Inspection.

Form of Grant of Burial in Vault, &c. to be according to Schedule.

Register of Grants to be kept

Rights of Burial, &c. to be assignable, or may be bequeathed by Will.

Form of Assignment

Cap. 65. Cemeteries Clauses* 10 & 11 ViCU.

Bights of Burial therein, and they may sell, either in perpetuity or for a limited Time, and subject to such Conditions as they think fit, the exclusive Bight of Burial in any Parts of the Cemetery so set apart, or the Bight of One or more Burials therein, and they may sell the Bight of placing any Monument or Gravestone in the Cemetery, or any Tablet or monumental Inscription on the Walls of any Chapel or other Building within the Cemetery.

XLI. The Company shall cause a Plan of the Cemetery to be made upon a Scale sufficiently large to show the Situation of every Burial Place in all the Parts of the Cemetery so set apart, and in which an exclusive Right of Burial has been granted; and all such Burial Places shall be numbered, and such Numbers shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and such Book shall contain the Names and Descriptions of the several Persons to whom the exclusive Bight of Burial in any such Place of Burial has been granted by the Company; and no Place of Burial, with exclusive Right of Burial therein, shall be made in the Cemetery without the same being marked out in such Plan, and a corresponding Entry made in the said Book, and the said Plan and Book shall be kept by the Clerk of the Company.

XLII. The Grant of the exclusive Right of Burial in any Part of the Cemetery, either in perpetuity or for a limited Time, and of the Bight of One or more Burials therein, or of placing therein any Monument, Tablet, or Gravestone, may be made in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and where the Company are not incorporated it may be executed by the Company or any Two or more of them.

XLIII. A Register of all such Grants shall be kept by the Clerk to the Company, and within Fourteen Days after the Date of any such Grant an Entry or Memorial of the Date thereof and of the Parties thereto, and also of the Consideration for. such Grant, and also a proper Description of the Ground described in such Grant, so as the Situation thereof may be ascertained, shall be made by the said Clerk in such Register; and such Clerk shall be entitled to demand such Sum as the Company think fit, not exceeding the prescribed Sum, or if no Sum be prescribed Two Shillings and Sixpence, for every such Entry or Memorial; and the said Register may be perused at all reasonable Times by any Grantee or Assignee of any Right conveyed in any such Grant, upon Payment of the prescribed Sum, or if no Sum be prescribed the Sum of One Shilling, to the Clerk of the Company.

XLIV. The exclusive Right of Burial in any such Place of Burial shall, whether granted in perpetuity or for a limited Time, be considered as the Personal Estate of the Grantee, and may be assigned in his Lifetime or bequeathed by his Will.

XLV. Every such Assignment made in the Lifetime of the Assignor shall be by Deed duly stamped, in which the Consideration

1847% Cemeteries Clauses. Cap. 65.

ation shall he duly set forth, and may be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect.

XLVI. Every such Assignment shall, within Six Months after the Execution thereof, if executed in Great Britain or Ireland, or within Six Months after the Arrival thereof in Great Britain or Ireland, if executed elsewhere, be produced to the Clerk of the Company, and an Entry or Memorial of such Assignment shall be made in the Register by the Clerk of the Company, in the same Manner as that of the original Grant; and until such Entry or Memorial no Right of Burial shall be acquired under any such Memorial; and for every such Entry or Memorial the Clerk shall be entitled to demand such Sum as the Company think fit, not exceeding the prescribed Sum, or if no Sum be prescribed Two Shillings and Sixpence.

XLVII. An Entry or Memorial of the Probate of every Will by which the exclusive Right of Burial within the Cemetery is bequeathed, and in case there be any specific Disposition of such exclusive Right of Burial in the said Will an Entry of such Disposition shall, within Six Months after the Probate of such Will, be made in the said Register, in the same Manner as that of the original Grant, and until such Entry no Right of exclusive Burial shall be acquired under such Will; and for every such Entry or Memorial the Clerk of the Company shall be entitled to demand such Sum as the Company think fit, not exceeding the prescribed Sum, or if no Sum be prescribed Two Shillings and Sixpence.

XLVIII. No Body shall be buried in any Place wherein the exclusive Right of Burial shall have been granted by the Company, except with the Consent of the Owner for the Time being of such exclusive Right of Burial

XLIX. No such Grant as aforesaid shall give the Right to bury within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery the Body of any Person not entitled to be buried in consecrated Ground according to the Rites and Usage of the Established Church, or to place any Monument, Gravestone, Tablet, or monumental Inscription respecting any such Body within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery.

L. The Company may take down and remove any Gravestone, Monument, Tablet, or monumental Inscription which shall have been placed within the Cemetery without their Authority.

LI. The Bishop of the Diocese in which the Cemetery is situated, and all Persons acting under his Authority, shall have the same Right and Power to object to the placing, and to and procure the Removal of any monumental Inscription within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery as he by Law has to object to or procure the Removal of any monumental Inscription in any Church or Chapel of the Established Church, or the Burial Ground belonging to such Church or Chapel, or any other consecrated Ground.

And

571

R*du»UH Rights of Burial.

Assignments to be registered.

Probates of Wills to be re* gistered.

Vaults to be kept exclusively for Purchasers of exclusive Right

No such Grant to give the Right of Burial in consecrated Ground to certain Persons.

Power to remove Monuments improperly erected.

Bishop to have Power to object to monumental Inscriptions in consecrated Part of Cemetery.

Payments to Incumbents of Parishes.

Payments to Incumbents of Parishes from whiirh Bodies are brought.

Company shall keep Account of Interments.

Account of Payments due to Incumbents of Parishes to be rendered half* yearly.

Fees to be paid to Incumbents of Parishes half-yearly.

Cap. 65. Cemeteries Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

And with respect to Payments to Incumbents of Parishes or Ecclesiastical Districts, and to Parish Clerks, be it enacted as follows:

LII. The Company shall, on the Burial of every Body within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery, pay to the Incumbent for the Time being of the Parish or Ecclesiastical District from which such Body shall have been removed for Burial, such Sums, if any, as shall be prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act

LIII. For ascertaining the Amount of the Payments, if any, to be made to the Incumbents of the several Parishes or Districts aforesaid, the Company shall cause Books to be kept and Entries to be made therein of the Names of all Persons whose Bodies are buried within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery, and the Names of the Parishes or Districts from which such Bodies respectively have been removed, and the Manner of their Burial within the Cemetery (distinguishing whether in a Place of exclusive Burial or otherwise), with the Date of such Burial; and such Books shall be at all reasonable Times open to the Inspection of the Incumbents for the Time being of the said several Parishes or Districts, or any Person employed by them, without Fee or Reward.

LIY. The Company shall on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year, or within One Month after each of the said Days, deliver to the Person tvho is the Incumbent of any Parish or Ecclesiastical District on that Day, or to his Executors or Administrators, on Demand made within the said Month, an Account of the Sums, if any, payable in respect of Bodies removed for Burial within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery as aforesaid from such Parish or Ecclesiastical District during the Half Year next preceding the said Twenty-fifth Day of March or Twenty-ninth Day of September, as the Case may be.

LV. The Sums payable by virtue of the special Act shall be paid half-yearly on the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September, or within One Month afterwards, to the Persons who are the Incumbents of the Parishes or Ecclesiastical Districts in respect of which the same are payable on such Twenty-fifth Day of March and Twenty-ninth Day of September respectively, or the Executors or Administrators of such Incumbents; (that is to say,) such Sums as accrue between the Twenty-ninth Day of September and the Twenty-fifth Day of March following shall be paid to the Person who is the Incumbent on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, and such Sums as accrue between the Twenty-fifth Day of March and the Twenty-ninth Day of September following shall be paid to the Person who is the Incumbent on the Twenty-ninth Day of September; and if any such Sums be not paid to the Party entitled to receive the same within the Period herein-before limited, for the Payment thereof, such Party may recover the same, with full Costs, by Action

of

1847. Cemeteries Clauses. Cap. 65.

of Debt or on the Case, in any Court having competent Jurisdiction.

LVL If any Incumbent of any Parish or District in respect of which Sums are payable by the Company by virtue of the special Act ceases to be Incumbent, by Cession, Death, or otherwise, between the said Two half-yearly Days of Payment such Incumbent shall be entitled to receive so much of the Sum payable at the half-yearly Day which happens next after he ceases to be Incumbent as has accrued from the last preceding half-yearly Day, or from the Time when such Incumbent became first entitled to receive the Frnits of his Living, as the Case may require, up to the Day at which he ceased to be Incumbent, and the Incumbent of any Parish or District who receives from the Company any Sum to a Part of which any preceding Incumbent is entitled under the Provisions herein contained shall pay such Part to him, his Executors or Administrators, accordingly; and the Company shall not be answerable to any Person, other than the actual Incumbent for the Time being, for the Payment of any Sums by virtue of this or the special Act

LVII. The Company shall, on the Burial of every Body within the consecrated Part of the Cemetery, except where the Body is buried at the Expence of any Parish or Ecclesiastical I>i8trict, or Union of Parishes for the Relief of the Poor, pay to the Parish Clerk of the Parish or Ecclesiastical District from which such Body has been removed for Burial, if he held the Office of Parish Clerk of such Parish or Ecclesiastical District at the Time of the passing of the special Act, but not otherwise, such Sum, if any, as shall be prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act.

And with respect to the Protection of the Cemetery, be it enacted as follows:

LVIII. Every Person who shall wilfully destroy or injure any Building, Wall, or Fence belonging to the Cemetery, or destroy or injure any Tree or Plant therein, or who shall daub or disfigure any Wall thereof, or put up any Bill therein or on any Wall thereof, or wilfully destroy, injure, or deface any Monument, Tablet, Inscription, or Gravestone within the Cemetery, or do any other wilful Damage therein, shall forfeit to the Company for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIX. Every Person who shall play at any Game or Sport, or discharge Fire-arms, save at a Military Funeral, in the Cemetery, or who shall wilfully and unlawfully disturb any Persons assembled in the Cemetery for the Purpose of burying any Body therein, or who shall commit any Nuisance within the Cemetery, shall forfeit to the Company for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LX. And with respect to the Accounts to be kept by the Company, be it enacted, That the Company shall every Year cause an Account to be prepared, showing the total Receipt and

573

Payment to lie made to the Incumbent for the 'Hme being, who is to account with his Predecessor.

Company to pay Parish Clerks the Compensation mentioned.

Protection of Cemetery,

Penalty for damaging the Cemetery.

Penalty on Persons committing Nuisances in the Cemetery.

Annual Account to be made up, and a Copy transmitted to the

574

Clerk of the Peace, &c., and be open to Inspection.

Tender of Amends.

Recovery of Damage* and Penalties,

8 & 9 Vict. c. 20. incorporated as to Damages, &c.

In Ireland Part of Penalty to be paid to Guardians of Unions.

All Things required to be done by Two Justices may, in certain Cases, be done by One *

Cap. 65. Cemeteries Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Expenditure of all Monies levied by virtue of this or the special Act for the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December, or some other convenient Day in each Year, under the several distinct Heads of Receipt and Expenditure, with a Statement of the Balance of such Account, certified by the Chairman of the Company, and duly audited, and shall send a Copy of the said Account, free of Charge, to the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which the Cemetery is situated, on or before the Expiration of One Month from the Day on which such Accounts end, which last-mentioned Account shall be open to the Inspection of the Public at all reasonable Hours, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection; and if the Company omit to prepare or send such Account as aforesaid, they shall forfeit for-every such Omission the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXI. And with respect to the Tender of Amends, be it enacted, That if any Person shall have committed any Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if, before Action brought in respect thereof, such Party make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made, the Defendant, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, may at any Time before Issue joined pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, be it enacted as follows:

LXIL The Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act; and such Clauses shall apply to the Cemetery and to the Company respectively.

LXIIL. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case of any Penalty imposed by Justices, where the Application is not otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more than One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Offence shall have been committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Union.

LXIV. All Things herein or in the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, may and shall be done by any One Magistrate having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two or more Justices.

LXV. Every

1847. Cemeteries Clauses. Cap. 65. 575

LXV. Every Person who upon any Examination upon Oath, phm giving under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act [^bL^oPe^-incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly give false ties of Perjury. Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

And with respect to affording Access to the special Act, be it Access to enacted as follows: special Act.

LXVI. The Company shall, at all Times after the Expira- Copies of *pe-tion of Six Months after the passing of the special Act, keep hi fiai Act to be their principal Office of Business a Copy of the special Act printed by the Printers to Her Majesty, or some of them, and Office, and de-ahall also, within the Space of such Six Months, deposit in the J"*1 the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the p^, °and be Cemetery is situated a Copy of such special Act so printed as open to ln-aforesaid; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall receive and he 8pection-and the Company respectively shall keep the said Copies of the special Act, and shall allow all Persons interested therein to inspect the same, and make Extracts or Copies therefrom, in the like Manner, and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided in the Case of certain Plans and Sections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace 7 w. 4. & for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Docu- 1 Vict*c*8S* ments as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament

LXVII. If the Company fail to keep or deposit any of the Penalty on said Copies of the special Act as herein-before mentioned they .Con, Pa"y fkil" shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, and also deport s^ch* Five Pounds for every Day afterwards during which such Copy Copies, shall be not so kept or deposited.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained Company not shall be deemed to exempt the Company from any general Act p^fJons^f relating to Burials in Towns or populous Places which may be any future passed in the same Session of Parliament in which the special general Act Act is passed, or any future Session of Parliament.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Act may be or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of amended, &c. Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

Form of Grant of Right of Burial

By virtue of {here name the special Act] we {here state the Name or Description of the Company], in consideration of the Sum of to us paid by of

do hereby grant unto the said the exclusive Right

of Burial {or the Right of burying Bodies, as the

Case may be] {or the Right of placing a Monument, Tablet, or Gravestone, J m [here describe the Ground intended for the

576

Cemeteries Clauses.

7&8 G.4. c. 29. 9 G. 4. c. 55.

7W.4.&

1 Vict. c. 87.

Cap. 65, 66.

IO&IIVict.

exclusive Burial, or for placing a Monument, Tablet, or Grave-stone, as the Case may be, so as to identify the same, and if a Place of exclusive Burial, add," numbered on the

Plan of the Cemetery, made in pursuance of the said Act "], to hold the same to the said in perpetuity [or the

Period agreed upon] for the Purpose of Burial [or as the Case may be].

Given under our Common Seal [or under our Hands and Seals, as the Case may be, "] this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

Form of Assignment of Right of BuriaL

I A.B. of in consideration of the Sum of paid to me by C.D. of do hereby

assign unto the said C.D. the exclusive Right of Burial in [here describe the Place], and numbered on the Plan of the Cemetery made in pursuance of the said Act, which was granted to me [or unto A.B. of ] in perpetuity [or

as the Case may be] by [here state the Name of the Company] by a Deed of Grant bearing Date the Day of

and all my Estate, Title, and Interest therein, to hold the same unto the said C.D. in perpetuity [or as the Case may be, for the Remainder of the Period for which the same was granted by the said Company], subject to the Conditions on which I held the same immediately before the Execution hereof.

Witness my Hand and Seal this Day of

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for extending the Provisions of the Law respecting Threatening Letters and accusing Parties with a view to extort Money.

[9th July 184/.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Provisions of c so much of the Statute made and passed in the Seventh

and Eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Fourth, ' intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in

England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and

other Offences connected therewith, as relates to the Offences of sending Threatening Letters, and also so much of the Statute made and passed in the First Year of Her Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Robbery and

stealing from the Person, as relates to the Offence of accusing Persons of unnatural Crimes, and to make further Provisions (for the Punishment of such Offences: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

1847.

577

Threatening Letters. Cap. 66, 67.

ritjr of the same, That if any Person shall knowingly send, or Person* sending deliver, or utter to any other Person, any Letter or Writing accusing or threatening to accuse either the Person to whom *ingothertwith such Letter or Writing shall be sent or delivered, or any other certain crimes, Person, of any Crime punishable by Law with Death or Trans- Mon/0 portation, or of any Assault with Intent to commit any Rape, g^y Qf°ne3r# or of any Attempt or Endeavour to commit any Rape, or of any Felony.

Crime in and by the said first-mentioned Act defined to be an infamous Crime, with a View or Intent to extort or gain, by means of such Threatening Letter or Writing, any Property,

Money, Security, or other valuable Thing from any Person whatever, or any Letter or Writing threatening to kill or murder any other Person, or to bum or destroy any House, Bam, or other Building, or any Rick or Stack of Grain, Hay, or Straw, or other agricultural Produce, or shall knowingly procure, counsel, aid, or abet the Commission of the said Offences, or either of them, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Four Years, and if a Male, to be once, twice, or thrice publicly or privately whipped (if the Court shall so think fit) in addition to such Imprisonment

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall accuse or Persons accu-threaten to accuse either the Person to whom such Accusation ring others of or Threat shall be made or any other Person of any of the £SnTm«S(m-Crimes herein-before specified, with the View or Intent in any ed, with the of the Cases last aforesaid to extort or gain from such Person of extort-80 accused or threatened to be accused, or from any other Person whatever, any Property, Money, Security, or other Felony! valuable Thing, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and, being convicted thereof, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for any Term not less than Seven Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Four Years, and if a Male to be once, twice, or thrice publicly or privately whipped (if the Court shall so think fit) in addition to such Imprisonment.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Custody of Offenders.

[9th July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for 5 g. 4. c. 84.

the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain, it was enacted, that it should be lawftil for His Majesty, by any Order or Orders in Council, to declare His Koval Will and Pleasure that Male Offenders convicted in Great Britain

0 0 3 1 and

578 Cap. 67. Custody of Offenders. 10 & 11 Vict.

and being under Sentence or Order of Transportation should ' be kept to Labour in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions ' out of England to be named in such Order or Orders in Council: And whereas it is expedient that it should be made (lawful to remove to the same Places of Confinement any Male ' Offender convicted in Ireland who would have been removable ' thereunto if he had been convicted in Great Britain:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the So much of Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for One of Her L enacte that Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to direct that any Male Male Offenders Offender convicted in Ireland, and being under Sentence or sentenced to Order of Transportation, may be removed to and confined and ma*nbe°k^t to kept *° Labour in any such Place of Confinement out of hard Labour ° England, in like Manner as if he had been convicted in Great out of England Britain; and every Offender, who shall be so removed shall Offenders con- 00n^nue Custody, and shall be kept to Labour in the Place *icted in ire- of Confinement to be so provided, or any other Place of Con-land. finement to be from Time to Time provided by Her Majesty

out of England, until Her Majesty shall otherwise- direct; or until the Offender shall be entitled to his Liberty; and that all the Enactments of the said Act relating to the Returns to be made concerning every Person in Custody in each of such Places of Confinement, and the Powers and Duties of the Superintendent and Overseer having the Custody of any such Offender, and to the Treatment of such Offenders while so confined, and the Time during which they shall be so confined, shall, subject to the Amendments made in the said Act by an 9& io Vict. c. 26. Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for abolishing the Office of Superintendent of Convicts under Sentence of Transportation, apply to all such Male Offenders convicted in Ireland, and removed under the Authority of this Act, as if they had been convicted in Great Britain and removed under the Authority of the first-recited Act to such Places of Confinement.

Offenders under

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Ma-Sentence or jesty, by an Order in Writing, to be notified in Writing by One portadon n^yS of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to direct that be removed to any Persons under Sentence or Order of Transportation within Greafnrit 1° Great Britain shall be removed from the Prisons in which they rea ntam. are confined to any other of Her Majesty's Prisons or

Penitentiaries in Great Britain, there to be confined for such Time as Her Majesty by any such Order, notified as aforesaid, shall direct, not exceeding the Time for which they might have been lawfully confined in the Prisons from which they shall have been severally removed; and the Expence of maintaining any such Person in the Prison to which he shall be removed under this Act, and any other additional Expence incurred in such Prison by such Removal and Confinement, shall be defrayed in like Manner as the Expence of maintaining any such Person

579

1847. Custody of Offenders. Cap. 67, 68.

in any Place of Confinement appointed under the first-recited Act.

ILL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to suspend until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to the procuring any Returns, or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia or any Part thereof, or relating to the balloting for or enrolling any Militia-men or Substitutes, or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia of the United Kingdom or any Part thereof, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof, to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Ridings, Cities, and Places in Great Britain, or to the Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, or to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, relating to the Militia and Corps of Miners in Cornwall and Devon, shall upon any such Order, and Direction given in

Act may be amended, Sec,

General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia suspended.

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council.

580

Act to extend to Wardens of Stannaries and to Corps of Miners.

Act may he amended, &c.

6 G. 4. c. 123.

Recited Act C> G. 4 c. 123. repealed.

Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor not to sue for Costs until One Month afier Delivery of his Bill.

Cap. 68, 69. Militia Ballot* Suspension. 10 & 11 Vict.

.pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Period specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia and Miners.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the Warden and Special Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries and Corps of Miners in Cornwall and Devon, as fully as if they were severally repeated in every Clause, Provision, Direction, and Authority herein contained.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for the more effectual Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Commons.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act to establish a Taxation of Costs on Private

Bills in the House of Commons, and to prohibit the Sale of ccr- tain Offices under the Serjeant at Arms attending the House of

Commons: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the same,

and to make more effectual Provision for taxing the Costs and

Expences to be charged by Parliamentary Agents, Attornies,

Solicitors, and others in future Sessions of Parliament in ' respect of Bills subject to the Payment of Fees in Parliament,

commonly called Private Bills, and to be incurred in complying ' with the Standing Orders of the House of Commons relative ' to such Bills, and in preparing, bringing in, and carrying the same through, or in opposing the same in, the House of

Commons Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, except as to any Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been incurred in the present or any preceding Session of Parliament, the said recited Act shall be repealed: Provided always, that the Repeal of the said recited Act shall not be construed to revive any Act or any Provision thereof which was thereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That no Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, nor any Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of any Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, shall commence or maintain any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any Costs, Charges, or Expences in respect of any Proceedings in the House of Commons in any future Session of Parliament rotating to any Petition for a Private Bill) or Private Bill) or in respect

1847.

House of Commons Costs Taxation. Cap. 69. 581

respect of complying with the Standing Orders of the said House relative thereto, or in preparing, bringing in, and carrying the same through, or opposing the same in, the House of Commons, until the Expiration of One Month after such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, has delivered unto the Party to be charged therewith, or sent by Post to or left for him at his Counting-house, Office of Business,

Dwelling House, or last known Place of Abode, a Bill of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and which Bill shall either be subscribed with the proper Hand of such Parliamentary Agent, .

Attorney, or Solicitor, or in the Case of a Partnership by any of the Partners, either with his own Name or with the Name of such Partnership, or of the Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or be enclosed in or accompanied by a Letter subscribed in like Manner referring to such Bill: Provided always, that it shall not in any Case be Evidence of necessary, in the first instance, for such Parliamentary Agent, Delivery of Attorney, or Solicitor, or the Executor, Administrator, or m ' Assignee of such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, in proving a Compliance with this Act to prove the Contents of the Bill delivered, sent, or left by him, but it shall be sufficient to prove that a Bill of Costs, Charges, and Expences subscribed in manner aforesaid, or enclosed in or accompanied by such Letter as aforesaid, was delivered, sent, or left in manner aforesaid; but nevertheless it shall be competent for the other Party to show that the Bill so delivered, sent, or left was not such a Bill as constituted a bona fide Compliance with this Act:

Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Power to Judge

Superior Courts of Law or Equity in England or Ireland, or

of the Court of Session in Scotland, to authorize a Parliamen- Expirationrf

tary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor to commence an Action or One Month.

Suit for the Recovery of his Costs, Charges, and Expences

against the Party chargeable therewith, although One Month

has not expired from the Delivery of a Bill as aforesaid, on Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Judge that there is probable

Cause for believing that such Party is about to quit that Part of the United Kingdom in which such Judge hath Jurisdiction.

III. And be it enacted, That the Speaker of the House of Taxing Officer Commons shall appoint a fit Person to be the Taxing Officer ^eP^jd!er of the House of Commons, and every Person so appointed shall y e pCaker* hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Speaker, and shall

execute the Duties of his Office conformably to such Directions as he may from Time to Time receive from the Speaker.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Speaker may from Time to The Speaker to Time prepare a List of such Charges as it shall appear to him L, ist of that, after the present Session of Parliament, Parliamentary forthgto be^0" Agents, Attornies, Solicitors, and others may justly make with allowed, reference to the several Matters comprised in such List; and the several Charges therein specified shall be the utmost Chargee thenceforth to be allowed upon the Taxation of any such Bill of

Costsi

Taxing Officer empowered to examine Parties and Witnesses on Oath.

Taxing Officer empowered to call for Books and Papers.

Taxing Officer to take such Fees as may be allowed by House of Commons.

Application of Fees.

On Application of Party chargeable, or on Application of Parliamentary Ageut, Attorney, or Solicitor, the Taxing Officer to tax the Bill.

Cap. 69. House of Common* Costs Taxation *, 10 & 11 Vict.

Costs, Charges, and Expences in respect of the several Matters therein specified: Provided always, that the said Taxing Officer may allow all fair and reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences in respect of any Matters not included in such List

V. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of any such Taxation the said Taxing Officer may examine upon Oath any Party to such Taxation, and any Witnesses who may be examined in relation thereto, and may receive Affidavits, sworn before him or before any Master or Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, relative to such Costs, Charges, or Expences; and any Person who on such Examination on Oath, or in any such Affidavit, shall wilfully or corruptly give false Evidence shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Taxing Officer shall be empowered to call for the Production of any Books or Writings in the Hands of any Party to such Taxation relating to the Matters of such Taxation: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to authorize such Taxing Officer to determine the Amount of Fees which may have been payable to the House of Commons in respect of the Proceedings upon any Private Bill.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Taxing Officer to demand and receive for any such Taxation such Fees as the House of Commons may from Time to Time by any Standing Order authorize and direct, and to charge the said Fees, and also to award Costs of such Taxation against either Party to such Taxation, or in such Proportion against each Party as he may think fit, and he shall pay and apply the Fees so received by him in such Manner as shall be directed by any such Standing Order as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person upon whom any Demand shall be made by any Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or other Person, for any Costs, Charges, or Expences in respect of any Proceedings in the House of Commons in any future Session of Parliament relating to any Petition for a Private Bill, or Private Bill, or in respect of complying with the Standing Orders of the said House relative thereto, or in preparing, bringing in, or carrying the same through, or in opposing the same in the House of Commons, or if any Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or the Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or other Person, who shall be aggrieved by the Nonpayment of any Costs, Charges, and Expences incurred or charged by him in respect of any such Proceedings as aforesaid, shall make Application to the said Taxing Officer at his Office for the Taxation of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, the said Taxing Officer, on receiving a true Copy of the Bill of such Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been duly delivered as aforesaid to the Party charged therewith, shall in due Course proceed to tax and settle

583

1847. House of Commons Cost* Taxation. Cap. 69.

die same; and upon every such Taxation, if either the Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or the Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or other Person, by whom such Demand shall be made as aforesaid, or the Party charged with such Bill of Costs, Charges, and Expences, having due Notice, shall refuse or neglect to attend such Taxation, the said Taxing Officer may proceed to tax and settle such Bill and Demand ex parte; and if pending such Taxation any Action or other Proceeding shall be commenced for the Recovery of such Bill of Costs, Charges, and Expences, the Court or Judge before whom the same shall be brought shall stay all Proceedings thereon until the Amount of such Bill shall have been duly certified by the Speaker as hereinafter provided: Provided always, that no such Application shall be entertained by the said Taxing Officer if made by the Party charged with such Bill after a Verdict shall have been obtained or a Writ of Inquiry executed in any Action for the Recovery of the Demand of any such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or the Executor, Administrator, or Assignee of such Parliamentary Agent, Attorney, or Solicitor, or other Person, or after the Expiration of Six Months after such Bill shall have been delivered, sent, or left as aforesaid: Provided also, that if any such Application shall be made after the Expiration of Six Months as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Speaker, if he shall so think fit, on receiving a Report of special Circumstances from the said Taxing Officer, to direct such Bill to be taxed.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Taxing Officer shall, if required by either Party, report his Taxation to the Speaker, and in such Report shall state the Amount fairly chargeable in respect of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, together with the Amount of Costs and Fees payable in respect of such Taxation as aforesaid; and within Twenty-one clear Days after any such Report shall have been made either Party may deposit in the Office of the said Taxing Officer a Memorial, addressed to the Speaker, complaining of such Report or any Part thereof, and the Speaker may, if he shall so think fit, refer the same, together with such Report, to the said Taxing Officer, and may require a further Report in relation thereto, and on receiving such further Report may direct the said Taxing Officer, if necessary, to amend his Report; and if no such Memorial be deposited as aforesaid, or so soon as the Matters complained of in any such Memorial shall have been finally disposed of, the Speaker shall, upon Application made to him, deliver to the Party concerned therein, and requiring the same, a Certificate of the Amount so ascertained, which Certificate shall be binding and conclusive on the Parties as to the Matters comprised in such Taxation, and as to the Amount of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and of the Costs and Fees payable in respect of such Taxation, in all Proceedings at Law or in Equity or otherwise; and in any Action or other Proceeding brought for the Recovery of the Amount so certified such Certificate shall have the Effect of a

Warrant

No Application to be entertained by Taxing Officer after Verdict obtained.

Taxing Officer to report to the Speaker.

If either Party complain of Report, they may deposit a Memorial, and the Speaker may require a further Report.

If no Memorial deposited, Speaker may issue Certificate of the Amount found due.

Certificate to hare the Effect of a Warrant to confess Judgment.

L.

Construction of certain Words in this Act.

Form of citing the Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 29.

Cap. 69, 70. House of Commons Costs Taxation. 10 & 11 Vict.

Warrant of Attorney to confess Judgment; and the Court in which such Action shall be commenced, or any Judge thereof, shall, on Production of such Certificate, order Judgment to be entered up for the Sum specified in such Certificate in like Manner as if the Defendant in any such Action had signed a Warrant to confess Judgment in such Action to that Amount: Provided always, that if such Defendant shall have pleaded that he is not liable to the Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, such Certificate shall be conclusive only as to the Amount thereof which shall be payable by such Defendant in case the Plaintiff shall in such Action recover the same.

X. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Word " Month " shall be taken to mean a Calendar Month; and every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend and be applied to several Persons, Matters, or Things as well as one Person, Matter, or Thing; and every Won! importing the Plural Number shall extend and be applied to one Person, Matter, or Thing as well as several Persons, Matters, or Things; and every Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall extend and be applied to a Female as well as a Male; and the Word " Person " shall extend to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Municipal, Civil, or Ecclesiastical, Aggregate or Sole, as well as an Individual; and the Word "Oath" shall include Affirmation in the Case of Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Person allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath; unless in any of the Cases aforesaid it be otherwise specially provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

XI. And be it enacted, That in citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in legal and other Instruments, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The House of Commons Costs Taxation Act, 1847."

XII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

CAP. LXX.

An Act to amend the Law as to the School Attendance of Children employed in Print Works.

[22d July 184/.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that so much of an Act passed ' " in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled ' An Act to regulate the Labour of Children, young Persons, and Women in Print Works, as relates to the School Attendance 6 of Children employed in Print Works, should be amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

1847. Print Works. Cap. 70.

by the Authority of the same, That those Parts of the said Act which in the Copies thereof printed by the Queen's Printer are printed as separate Clauses, and severally numbered XXIII., XXIV., and XXV., and also so much of the Schedule annexed to the said Act marked (A.) as relates to Certificates of School Attendance, shall be repealed from and after the First Day of. August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; provided, that all Certificates given before the said First Day of August shall be as valid as if this Act had not been passed, and all Offences committed before the said First Day of August against any of the Enactments hereby repealed shall be dealt with and punished as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And be it enacted, That the Master of any School which shall be attended by Children employed in a Print Work shall keep a Register of their Names and Attendance, and if the Inspector of the District shall disapprove of the Form of Register adopted by the Schoolmaster it shall be kept in such other Form as the Inspector may direct.

III. And be it enacted, That after the said First Day of August the Occupier of every Print Work shall, before employing any Child therein, obtain from a Schoolmaster a Certificate, according to one of the Forms and according to the Directions given in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed, that such Child had attended School for at least Thirty Days and not less than One hundred and fifty Hours during the Half-year immediately preceding the First Day of the Employment of such Child, or if it shall have left the said Print Works and shall be again employed therein, the said School Attendance shall have been during the Half Year immediately preceding the First Day of such Re-employment, and such School Attendance shall be after the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Morning, and before the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Evening; but no Attendance of less than Two and a Half Hours on any one Day shall be reckoned as any Part of the said One hundred and fifty Hours, nor shall any Attendance on any one Day for more than Five Hours be reckoned for more than Five Hours; and a like Certificate shall be obtained at the Beginning of each Period of Six Calendar Months during which the Employment of such Child shall be continued in that Print Work; and such Occupier shall keep every such Certificate so long as such Child shall continue in his Employment for Twelve Calendar Months after the Date thereof, and shall produce the same to any Inspector or Sub-Inspector when required during such Period.

IV. And be it enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August the Forms of Certificates of School Attendance of Children employed in Print Works shall be in one of the Forms given in the Schedule marked (A) annexed to this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act and the said Act as amended by this Act shall be construed together and as one Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

585

Sections 23, 24, and 25. and Part of Schedule (A.) of recited Act repealed.

Schoolmaster td keep a Register of Children's Attendance.

Occupiers of Print Works to obtain Certificate from Schoolmaster of Child's Attendance at School.

Certificate to be given according to Schedule.

Acts to be construed together.

Act may be amended, &c.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

I. — Form of School Certificates for One Child.

I hereby certify, that the Child A.B., Son [or Daughter] of C.D. and E.F., residing in attended the School

kept by me at for the Number of Hours and at the Time on each Day specified in the Columns opposite to his

[or her] Name.

During the several Weeks ending the Day, Month, ' and Year stated in the First Column.

£D

o

FT

Week ending Saturday.

Day.

Month.

Year.

Monday.

From

To

Tuesday.

From

To

Wednesday.

From

To

Thursday.

From

To

Friday.

From

To

Saturday.

From

To

Total No. of Hours during this Week.

Signature

of

Schoolmaster.

Date of signing.

No Part of the School Attendance certified shall be valid for a longer Time than Six Months after the Date of such Attendance; and if a Child for whom this Form of Certificate has been given shall cease to be employed in the Print Work to the Occupier of which such School Certificate was delivered, the Child's Parent, or any Person having direct Benefit from the Wages of such Child, shall be entitled on Demand to have the said Certificate restored to him.

686 Cap. 70. Print Works. 10 & 11 Vict.

687

Print Works. Cap. 70.

H. — Form of School Certificate which may be used when Two or more Children employed in the same Print Work attend the same School.

I hereby certify, That the Children whose Names are under-written, employed in the Print Work of at in the Parish of and County of attended for the Number of Hours and at

the Time specified in the Columns opposite to their respective Names, at the School kept by me at in the

Parish of and County of

During the Week ending on Saturday the Day

of 18 .

: Child's Name. Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday Thursday. Friday. Saturday. Total No. of Hours during this Week.

Surname. Christian Name. From To From To From To From To From To From To

Signed Schoolmaster.

This Day of 18 .

General Directions applicable to both Forms.

In the Columns headed with the Days of the Week, the Hours of Attendance shall be stated; as thus, from Nine to Twelve, or, from Two to Five, or any other Time, as the Case may be; and the Schoolmaster shall, in his own Handwriting, fill up the Date when the Week ends during any Part of which the Child shall have attended his School.

The Hours of School Attendance, or the Word " absent," shall be stated in the Column for each Day, in the Handwriting of the Schoolmaster; and no Certificate shall be. valid, unless the Schoolmaster shall in his own Handwriting subscribe to it his Christian and Surname in full, affixing the Date when he signs the same.

Cup, 71. Canada, Consolid^ttd Revenm^undK ip & 11 VICJTj,

3 & 4 Vict. c. 35.

Her Majesty empowered, with the Advice of Her Council, to assent to the reserved Bill.

If Her Majesty shall assent to the said reserved Bill, certain Provisions in| the recited Act repealed.

:; QAP. ' r, T rI , v l":->

,; >, i /; t . t: .!: -tt r

Aui Actt<y authorize Her Majesty to assent toaicwtain' Bill of the Legislaitive' Council and Assembly of dhp] , j/ 'Pi^ovTftce'of-Chnurfa/ fiyr 'granting a1 Civil Iii^tffo Her vw, *_ Majesty; and to 'repeat"certain Parts of fin Aetfbr: re-uniting the Provinces of Upper and for the Government of Canada.

.1.1 it! 1)1 >' [22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS the Legislative Council and the Legislative *' 'Asd&taMyof the' Province of 'Cantrda, -Cdnstittned imd assembled by virtue of and under the AuthoriAyiPftht Act j^ssetl thp Se§§iov dtoJdcn , hi fthe ThirdMnd f^Sth Y?»£? of HJer Mw»ty'« Reign, intituled Jfl M r.'frHflitofa JPrwince*of Upper Bower Canada,

fa a of>Caaad, did, ia the; Year One tho«#nd eight hundred, and fqrty-aix, pass. a Bid, iptitulpd , Ah fa

ypphting, a Civil List to Jler Mafaty, of, which- Bill a Gppv epntainpd in, the, (Schedule P° .ft»- pw«Bt Act annexed; . And \vhpreas th.e, said, Bill, Wfts presented, &r H«E Msyepty's Assent tp:Ttho, then Coyeroor, of the, said Province of Canada; , *ai the said Governor; did thereupon ded^re that hp reserved th flidi Bid, % the, Signifijfatipni of Her JdtBWty's, Pteasw thereon: And whereas it is by the final Provision of theipd4 cefievvqd Bill; , Molded i that the foregoing, Provishma thetetf shdl have no Foivei pr Bddd until suph iBarta as, are therein mepfipped of the said.; recited Act of Parliament shall hatftld been, .repealed:.. Ap<i I whereas, it is not /competent; to Beim Majesty to assent to the said reserved Bill udtbput the eapreafcol

Authority, of Parliament for .that Pprposp, Inasmuch ps the.i! ^dfBdljs.ippertdn Respects ropuguautfa the paid recited, it

Act of , ?arliainan|t; A"d whereas d , ip >e*pedion(t, that , HeYi; q JfejeatytPhunld he /authorised to absent to the add reserved. Bill, and|that.ap much, uud such Batted dbresaid of the pad »i EpCftud Act should, thereupon be j^pealedf Bo , d therefore enacted by, the Queen's ntwt Excellent Majesty, by apa.jpnihO the, Advj(ce:and, ^nseut, of tJie Lord.s Spiritual and Tftppgp^'; ) and Commons, ifl this, prescn|t Parliament assembled, and by.ihM Authority of the qauae^ That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty with thp, A4yiee, 9*. Ppr. Majesty's Privy GvP^rih; to^assepit h» 11 thejeiid reserved Rill, «ny, tbuig ip th? aajd, rented. Act hfjPsJft liampot.or. «ny, Law, Statute, or Gsage to thpepntx^.apyitf^j notwithstanding. .:.. .; w

II. And be it enacted, That if Iler Majesty, ydth the Adricft)J of Her Privy Council, shall absent as, afprepaid)jtQ, dia, sd4m reserved Bill, those l'arta of the first-recited Act which ' '

Copies thereof pripted by the Queen's, PriM^ are, separate Clatwwcatrf severally numbered L.,

LbX, X»y. ,; L.VJ., irtSfy. and also Ahe, Schedjdu8 itftab

th^aia first-recited Act, being, tlje Parts thereo^e^ljo^dor

referred

1847.

589

Canada Consolidated Revenue Fund. Cap. 71.

referred to in the said final Provision of the said reserved Bill, shall be repealed upon and from the Day on which the said reserved BUI (being first so assented to by Her Majesty in Council) shall take effect in the said Province.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Actmajbs repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. *meD<ied# &c *

SCHEDULE.

An Act for granting a Civil List to Heb Majesty.

Most Gracious Sovereign:

Whereas Your Majesty ha$ been most graciously pleased to declare to Your faithful Canadian Commons, in Provincial

Parliament assembled. Your Majesty's gracious Desire to owe c to the spontaneous Liberality of Your Canadian People such

Grant, by way of Civil List, as shall be sufficient to give

Stability and Security to the great Civil Institutions of the Province, and to provide for the adequate Remuneration of

able and efficient Officers in the executive, judicial, and other

Departments of Your Majesty's public provincial Service, the

granting of which Civil List constitutionally belongs only to

Your Majesty's faithful Canadian People in their Provincial

Parliament. '

We, therefore, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Canada, in Provincial Parliament assembled, desirous that a certain competent Revenue for the Purpose may be settled upon Your Majesty (to whom may God grant a long and happy Reign) as a Testimony of our unfeigned Affection to Your sacred Person and Government, have accordingly freely resolved to grant unto Your Majesty a certain Revenue, payable out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund of this Province; we do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council, and of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Canada, constituted and assembled by virtue of and under the Authority of an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and intituled " An Act " to re-unite the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, and " for the Government of Canada;" and it is hereby enacted, by the Authority of the same, That all Duties and Revenues over which the respective Legislatures of Upper Canada or Lower Canada had before the passing of the Act of the Imperial Parliament, intituled " An Act to re-unite the Provinces " of Upper and Lower Canada, and for the Government of Canada," or over which the Legislature of this Province has or may have Power of Appropriation, shall form One Consolidated Revenue Fund, to be appropriated for the Public Service

Cap. 71. Canada Consolidated Revenue Fund. 10 & 11 Vict.

of this Province in the Manner and subject to the Obliges hereinafter mentioned.

And be it enacted, That the Consolidated Revenue Fund of this Province shall be permanently charged with all the Costs, Charges, and Expenoee incident to the Collection, Management, and Receipt thereof, such Costs, Charges, and Expenses being subject, nevertheless, to be reviewed and audited in such Manner as shall be directed by any Act of the Legislature.

And be it enacted, That there shall be payable in every Year to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, out of the Consolidated Revenue Fund of this Province, a Sum not exceeding Thirty-four thousand six hundred and thirty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four-pence Currency, for defraying the Expence of the several Services and Purposes named in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; and during the Life of Her Majesty, and for Five Years after the Demise of Her Majesty, there shall be payable in every Year to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, out of the said Consolidated Revenue Fund, a further Sum not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand two hundred and forty-fivie Pounds Sixteen Shillings Currency, for defraying the Expence of the several Services and Purposes named in the Schedule marked (B.) to this Act annexed; the said Sums of Thirty-four thousand six Hundred and thirty-right Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four-pence and Thirty-nine thousand two hundred and forty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings to be issued by the Receiver General in discharge of such Warrant or Warrants as shall be from Time to Time directed to him under the Hand and Seal of the Governor; and the said Receiver General shall account to Her Majesty for the same, through the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in Such Manner and Form as Her Majesty shall be graciously pleased to direct.

And be it enacted, That the Sums set down in the First Column opposite to each Office or Department in the said Schedules (A.) and (B.) shall be payable for each, while the present Incumbents shall respectively remain in Office; and as often as any such present Incumbent shall cease to hold such Office the Sums respectively mentioned in the First Column shall cease to be payable, and the Sums mentioned in the Second Column shall, as each Case arises, be payable instead; as in the said Schedules mentioned.

And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor to abolish any of the Offices named in the Schedule (B.), or to vary the Sums thereby appropriated to such Purposes connected with the Administration of the Government of this Province as to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, shall seem fit; and that Accounts in detail of the Expenditure of the Severn! SumB expended under the Authority of this Act shall be laid before both Houses of the Legislature within Thirty Daya ftqnJ the Beginning of the Session next after such Expenditure shall be made: Provided always, that not more than Two thousand

1847. Canada Consolidated Revenue Fund. Cap. 71#

two hundred and twenty-two Pounds Two Shillings and Four-

Sence shall be payable at the same Time for Pensions to the udges out of the Sum mentioned in the said Schedule (A.), and that not more than Five thousand five hundred and fifty-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny shall be payable at the same Time for Pensions out of the Sum mentioned in Schedule (B.); and that a List of all such Pensions, and of the Persons to whom the same shall have been granted, shall be laid in every Year before the Legislature.

And be it enacted, That during the Time for which the said several Sums mentioned in the said Schedules are severally payable the same shall be accepted and taken by Her Majesty by way of Civil List, instead of all territorial and other Revenues now at the Disposal of the Crown arising in this Province; and that Three Fifths of the net Produce of the said territorial and other Revenues now at the Disposal of the Crown within this Province shall be paid over to the Account of the said Consolidated Revenue Fund; and also that during the Life of Her Majesty, and for Five Years after the Demise of Her Majesty* the remaining Two Fifths of the net Produce of the said territorial and other Revenues now at the Disposal of the Crown within this Province shall also be paid over in like Manner to the Account of the said Consolidated Revenue Fund.

And be it enacted, That the Consolidation of the Duties and Revenues of this Province shall not be taken to affect the Payment out of the said Consolidated Revenue Fund of any Sum or Sums heretofore charged upon the Rates and Duties now raised, levied, and collected, or to be raised, levied, and Collected, to and for the Use of either of the former Provinces of Upper or Lower Canada, or of this Province, for such Time as shall have been appointed by the several Acts of the Legislature of the Province by which such Charges were severally authorized.

And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Legislative Assembly to originate or pass any Vote, Resolution, or Bill for the Appropriation of any Part of the said Consolidated Revenue Fund, or of any other Tax or Impost, to any Purpose which shall not have been first recommended by a Message of the Governor to the said Legislative Assembly during the Session in which such Vote, Resolution, or Bill shall be passed# Provided always, and be it enacted, That the foregoing Provisions of this Act shall have no Force or Effect until the Fiftieth, Fifty-first, Fifty-second, Fifty-third, Fifty-fourth, Fifty-fifth, Fifty-sixth, and Fifty-seventh Sections of the Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, intituled " An Act to re-unite the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, and for the Government of Canada," and the Schedules referred to in the said Sections, shall have been repealed

m

Cap. YL ' Canada Consolidated Revenue Fund. 10 & 11 Vict.

SCHEDULE ^A.)

OFFICES, to

Qpvetnor General, to be in lieu of Fees, Seizures, and Forfeitures, 7,000l. Sterling -

Upper Canada.

One Chief Justice Four Puisne Judges, at 1,0001 each -

One Vice Chancellor

/. i, , .

Lower Canada.

One Chief Justice of Lower Canada -

Three Puisn6 Judges at Quebec, at 1,000l. each One Chief Justice of Montreal or of Quebec, as the Case may be Three Puisn6 Judges at Montreal, at 1,000l. each ' / 7-One Judge at Three Rivers Orte Judge of the .District of St. Francis - v w > Aw Yirst Judge, District of Gasp6 -Second Judge, District of Gasp6 Pensions to Judges

Attorneys and Solicitors Gieneral, Salaries and Allowances for Contingencies.

Court of Vice-AdmiraJtar -Circuit Allowances to Judges -Permanent; Clerk ' attached Crbwn LaW Department.

Totals, Car*cncy { -

to

Amount payable while $he, present Incumbent is in Office.

Currency.

; £, i.' - £ x i; l)

7, 777 15 6 7, 777 W

i 1, 666 18 4, 1 _ r 1, 250 o«:

4,000 0 ' U 4,000 '0 0

1, 250 0 0 1, 111 # ' 7

-17 / ' 7. ii. t

1, 666 13 4: 1, 250 0 0

3,000 0 ' 0 ' 8,000 0 0

1, 222 4 4 1, 200 0 0

* 3,000' 0 0 3,000 0 0

1,000 0 0 *, ' j: A \ *(\t *-> . 500 p 0

i" T't :)' at

65611 >tl *; . 18O0T o. '0

555 11 1 500 0 0

500 0 0 500 0 0

2j222 2 4 .] »! i<* ' 12, sii' j ji

3, 900 6 0

472 4 4 1 , /470., 07jO.

1, 550 0 0;

300 0 fa; -ip. ode to.

34, 638 16 *4

A . in-oq7X]4

Amount to be allowed in future .«j, V»canna occur by Remonl of the promt Incumbents.

Currency^- -

8^, 081'3^0

I^fbo 701 bci

- TIT, *iTT snr^njso ni tSfflSt* f i !' cii > i i o£1 ': iioiJaosxp, otai1

-7'; f ffir«; vd tmr

in .; niori

7 '.j; A vib "'! hi:v insirrdfuiS

} >T *'2; V>A J 'vA'-Vf l»i n- 5»fb to

Ijtyfy n j>, 0Ca»K* Cmtplidated Jfooewt#, Emd. > Cap. $%72j [W$

SCHEDULE (fi.)

OFFICERS, *o. {*jrcr.-iin'J i ' Amount payable while the present Incumbents are respectively in Officer Currency. Amount to be allowed in future as Vacancies occur by Removal t of the present Incumbents. Currency.

£ t. d. £ S. d.

OovernprV Secretary, and his 1, 536

Office - 1, 9258 6-

Provincial Secretary, and his Office 7 - 7 - . 4, 423 1 10 4, 242 O O

Registrar's Office, to merge in the Provincial Secretary's Office

after the present Incumbency - 1, 083 6 6 650 0 0

%ce*yer OeaeraTs Office - 2, 300 8 8 2, 056 0 0

Inspector General, and his Office, 4, 022 13 4 3, 856 0 0

i^ecntive Cctundl Office . 2, 922 4 4 2, 637 0 0

Beard of Management of Public Works - - 2, 094 17 7 2,000 0 0 752 4 2

Emigrant Agent .752 4 2 .

---

Pensions - 5,555 11 1 - 5,555 11 1

Indian Annuities - 6,666 0 0 - 6,666 0 0

Contingencies of Public Offices - 7500 0 0 - 7,500 0 0

Totals, Currency, - £ 39, 245 16 0 - 37, 450 15 3

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to Turnpike Roads in South Wales.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend an Act passed in the Session held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

[7 & 8 Vict. c. 91.]

intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Turnpike Trusts in South Wales: And whereas by the said Act Provision is made for the assessing, levying, and collecting of a Rate for the Purposes of the said Act, to be termed a County Road Rate, and also for the levying and collecting of Tolls, and the Distances within which it shall be lawful to collect the same, and for other Purposes: And whereas Difficulty has been found in carrying these and other Provisions of the said Act into execution: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[So much of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 91. as requires High]

That so much of the said recited Act as requires the High Constables

594 Cap. 72. Turnpike Roads (South Wales). 10 & 11 Vict.

[Constables to act in Collection of County Road Rates repealed, and 7 & 8 Vict. c. 33. deemed to apply.]

of any Hundred or Division to perform any Part or Duty in the levying or collecting of any County Road Rates, or to act in anywise therein, shall be and is hereby repealed, and the Provisions of an Act passed in the same last-mentioned Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for facilitating the Collection of County Rates, and for relieving High Constables from Attendance at Quarter Sessions in certain Cases, and from certain other Duties, shall be deemed to apply to such County Road Rates in like Manner as to any County Rates.

[County Road Rate to be Collected by the same Officers or Parties as the County Rate.]

II. And be it enacted, That whenever the Justices of the Peace in any of the Counties in South Wales to which the said first-recited Act applies shall, in conformity with the Provisions and for the Purposes of the said Act, order a County Road Rate to be assessed and collected with and as Part of the County Rate for any of the said Counties respectively, they shall cause the same to be collected by the same Officers or Parties as shall for the Time being collect the County Rate; and in every Precept or Warrant to be issued for the Collection of the said County Rate and County Road Rate jointly, the Amount assessed upon each Parish, Township, or other Place in respect of each of such Rates shall be set forth separately.

[Clerks of the Peace to send Copies of Warrants of Justices to Clerks of Boards of Guardians in certain Cases.]

III. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which the Justices of any such County shall not issue their Precept to the Guardians of any Union for the Payment of the County Rate to the Treasurer of the County, in conformity with the Statute in that Behalf, then and in such Case the Clerk of the Peace 6f such County shall, so soon as the Warrants for the Collection of the County Rate and of the County Road Rate shall have been issued, send a Copy of every such Warrant which shall relate to any Parish or other Place comprised in such Union to the Clerk to the Guardians of such Union.

[Clerks of Boards of Guardians to ascertain the Proportion which the County Road Rate forms of the Poor Rate Assessment, and to give Notice thereof to Overseers.]

IV. And be it enacted, That the Clerk to the Board of Guardians of every Union either wholly or in part contained within the several Counties to which such first-recited Act applies, upon the Receipt of the Precept of the Justices or of the Copy of the Warrant, as the Case may be, shall (so soon as the Sum stated therein shall have been paid in pursuance of the Precept or Warrant) compare the Amount of the County Road Rate assessed upon each Parish or other Place within his Union with the Amount of the last Assessment which shall have been allowed by the Justices for the Purpose of being levied in such Parish or Place for the Relief of the Poor out of which the said Sum shall have been paid, and shall ascertain the proportionate Amount in the Pound which such County Road Rate bears in reference to the whole Amount of the said Assessment, and shall forthwith transmit to the Overseers of such Parish or Place, or to the Assistant Overseers or Collectors, if any there be, a Statement of such proportionate Amount; and every such Clerk shall receive for his Trouble therein such Compensation, out of the Monies to be raised by such Count}' Road Rate, as the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions assembled shall deem fit.

1847. Turnpike Roads (South Wales). Cap. 73. 595

[Overseers to publish Notice of the Proportion so ascertained, and to give Certificates to Rate-payers of Amount of Road Rate paid by them.]

V. And be it enacted, That the Overseers, Assistant Overseers, or Collectors shall, upon Receipt of such Statement as aforesaid, give and publish Notice, in like Manner as parochial Notices are usually given and published in such Parish or Place, of the proportionate Amount in the Pound of the County Road Rate so stated by the said Clerk to the Guardians; and the said Overseers, Assistant Overseers, or Collectors who shall be entitled to receive or shall have received the last Rate upon which the Proportion shall have been ascertained as aforesaid shall, upon Request of any Party who shall have paid any Rate contained in such Assessment, compute and certify in Writing the Sum which such Party has contributed to the County Road Rate out of the Sum so paid, according to the Proportion declared by the said Clerk as aforesaid ; and such Certificate shall be signed by such Overseer, Assistant Overseer, or Collector; and the Sum therein stated to have been contributed to the County Road Rate shall, if correctly computed, be the Sum which the Occupier shall be empowered to deduct from the next Payment of his Rent, according to the Provisions of the said first-recited Act; and any Overseer, Assistant Overseer, or Collector who shall refuse to give any such Certificate as aforesaid, upon Demand of the Person entitled to receive the same, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, upon Conviction before the Justices of the County in which the Parish shall be situated, to be recovered and applied as Penalties under the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for the Amendment of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

[Clerk to the Guardians empowered to call for Rate Books, &c.]

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Clerk to the Guardians shall be empowered to call upon the Overseers, or other Persons having the Custody thereof, for the Rate or Rate Books, which he shall require for the Purpose aforesaid, as and when he shall so require them, giving reasonable Notice for the same; and every Person having the Custody thereof who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to allow him to have or inspect the same for such Purpose shall be liable to forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, upon Conviction before the Justices of the County in which the Parish shall be situated, to be recovered and applied as Penalties under the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty for the Amendment of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor.

[Where a Parish does not form Part of a Union, Overseers to act in like Manner as Clerks to Guardians.

VII. And be it enacted, That in the Case of any Parish or Place not forming Part of any Union under the Laws relating to: the* Relief of the .Poor* all the Acts, Matters, and Things hereby directed to be done and performed by the Clerk to the Board of Guardians shall, so far as the came are practicable, be done and performed in like Manner by the Overseers or other Persons empowered by Law to levy the County Rates, Police Rates, or other Rates in such Parish or Place for the Time being.

[Rate already made declared valid, but to be collected according]

VIII. 'And whereas before the passing of this Act certain Rates have been made, and certain Sums of Money have been'

596 Cap. 78. Turnpike Roads (South Wales). 10 & ll Vict.

[to this Act.]

'ordered by the Justices of certain of the said Counties, in Quarter Sessions assembled, to be levied and collected as and for County Road Rate, but by reason of the Difficulties before mentioned in carrying the said first-recited Act into operation the same could not be or have not been collected;' be it enacted, That such Rates shall be deemed to be good and valid, but the said Justices shall issue new Precepts or Warrants for the levying and collecting of the same, or such Parts thereof as shall not have been levied or collected, to the Guardians, Overseers, or other Persons empowered by Law to collect the same under the Provisions of the said secondly-recited Act and of this Act; and the Provisions and Regulations in this Act contained shall apply to the said last-mentioned Rates, in like Manner as to any Rates to be hereafter made,

[Mode of measuring Roads in reference to clearing of Gates defined.]

IX. 'And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, "that from and after the Repeal of the said Local Acts respectively, when any Toll shall have been once taken in respect of any Horse or other Animal not drawing, or of any Horse or other Animal drawing any Carriage or Vehicle at any Toll Gate or Bar within any of the said Counties, no Toll shall thereafter be taken in respect of the same Horse or other Animal, or in respect of the same Carriage or other Vehicle, on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock of the Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night) for repassing through the same Gate or Bar, or for passing or re-passing through any other Gate or Bar in the same County, within the Distance of Seven Miles from the Gate or Bar at which such Toll shall have been taken (such Distance measured along Turnpike Roads only), nor for passing or repassing through any Gate or Bairn any other of the said Counties adjoining within the Distance of Two Miles from the Gate or Bar at which such Toll shall have been taken, to be measured as aforesaid, along and in respect of Turnpike Roads within either of such Counties:" And whereas Doubts have arisen in what Manner and along what Description of Roads such Distances respectively ought to be measured, and whether Portions of Road within the Boundaries of Cities or Towns separately maintaining their own Roads, and also whether County Bridges and the Approaches thereto, and Ferries, ought to be included in or excluded from such Measurement;' for the Removal of such Doubts it is hereby declared and enacted as follows; (that is to say,)

Wherever there is a continuous Line of Turnpike Road between Two Turnpike Gates such Distances shall be measured along such continuous Turnpike Road:

A Turnpike Road shall be deemed to be continuous, for the Purpose of such Measurement, notwithstanding that any County Bridge or the Approaches thereto, or any Ferry, or any Roads within the Limits of any City or Town which may be maintained by any local Commissioners, or which may be separately maintained according to the Provisions of the said, recited Act, may intervene so as to form

1847. Turnpike Roads (South Wales). Cap. 73. 597

Part of the Line of such continuous Turnpike Road between Two Gates; and in any such Case the Portions of Road upon or forming the Approaches to such County Bridge and such Ferry shall be included; but the Roads within the Limits of any such City or Town (if the same be a Market Town, but not otherwise,) shall be excluded from, such Measurement.

[Power to fill up Vacancies in County Roads Boards occasioned by Non-attendance.]

And be it enacted, That if any Member of any County Roads Board shall absent himself from the Meetings of the said Board for the Space of Twelve Months continuously, the Justices of the Peace for such County shall, at any General Quarter Sessions held after the Expiration of such Period, elect and appoint another Person in the Room of such Member, in like Manner as if such Member had died or resigned.

[Regulation of Roads of Presteigne Trust, situate on the County of Radnor, acting under 3 G. 4. c. xvi.]

XI. 'And whereas certain Roads or Portions of Road included within the Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, and intituled An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Three Acts for repairing the Roads leading from Ryeway in the Parish of Yaspole in the County of Hereford to Presteigne in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned in the said County of Radnor and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, are locally situated within the County of Radnor, and it is expedient that certain of the Regulations applicable to the other Roads within the said County should extend to and include the said first-mentioned Roads;' be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Trustees acting under the Powers of the said recited Act to reduce the Tolls payable at any Turnpike Gate on any of such first-mentioned Roads situate within the said County to the Amounts specified in the Second Schedule to the said first-recited Act annexed, and thereupon to agree with the County Roads Board of the said County that all Turnpike Gates upon such first-mentioned Roads shall clear the Turnpike Gates upon Roads within the Jurisdiction of the said County Roads Board which may be situate within the Distance of Two Miles therefrom, and shall be cleared by such last-mentioned Turnpike Gates reciprocally, and in that Case such Distance shall be measured and computed according to the Rules herein-before prescribed for the Measurement of Distances between Turnpike Gates for the Purposes of this and the said first-recited Act.

[Compensation to be made to Trustees of Presteigne Trust.]

XII. 'And whereas some Diminution of Tolls may by reason of this Act be occasioned to the Trustees acting under the Provisions of the last-recited Act, and it is reasonable that Compensation should be made to them for the same;' be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the County Roads Board of the County of Radnor to agree with the said Trustees for the Payment to them and their Successors of such annual Sum, to be paid at such Times and in such Manner as shall be determined and specified by such Agreement, and such Agreement shall be valid and effectual in Law; provided that such

Cap. 72. Turnpike Roads (South Wales). 10 & 11 Vict.

Payment as aforesaid shall always be made out of the County Roads Fund of the said County, and shall form a Charge upon such County Roads Fund next in order after the Annuity payable to the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and prior to all other Charges upon the same.

[Certain Parts of the Road near Swansea to be in future under the Management of the County Roads Board of Glamorgan.]

XIII. 'And whereas it is expedient that the Two several Pieces of Road herein-after mentioned, and which were omitted in the Description of the Roads to be maintained and repaired under the Powers and Provisions of the Two herein-before recited Acts, should form Part of the several Roads to be maintained and repaired under the Authority of the County Roads Board of the County of Glamorgan, (that is to say,) the Road which leads from the old Turnpike Toll House near Greenhill in the Parish of Swansea, and passing over the Aberdyverthy Bridge, joins the Turnpike Road from Swansea to Neath at or near the Eastern End of the said Bridge, and the Road which leads from the Turnpike Road from Swansea to Gower at or near the Eastern Entrance to Saint Helen's, and joins the lower Road from Swansea to the Mumbles, at or near a certain Direction Post on the said Lower Road;' be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Two several Pieces of Road shall be managed, maintained, and repaired under the Authority of the County Roads Board of the County of Glamorgan, and for the Purposes of this Act and the said recited Acts shall be deemed and taken to form Part of the County Roads of the said County of Glamorgan.

[31 G. 3. c. 106. and 9 G. 4. c. cvi. repealed.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That on Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair the Road leading from the Town of Haverfordwest, through the Town of Fishguard, to the Town of Newport in the County of Pembroke, and also from the Town of Fishguard to the City of Saint David's in the said County of Pembroke, and also another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Roads from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubbenston Hakin, and from Loveston Mountain to Cavaston Bridge, and from the End of Toch Lane on the said Road from Tavernspite to Hubberston Hakin to the Road from Loveston Mountain to Cavaston Bridge, and from the Parish of Cranwear to Pembroke Dock and Hobb's Point, all in the County of Pembroke, shall be and the same are respectively hereby repealed.

[Commencement of Act.]

XV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall come into operation on the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

[Act to be construed in like Manner as 7 & 8 Vict. c. 91. and 8 & 9 Vict. c. 61.]

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Act passed in the Session held in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Turnpike Trusts in South Wales, and another Act passed in the Session held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her said Majesty, intituled An Act to make

1847. Turnpike Roads (South Wales). Cap. 72, 73. 599

make certain further Provisions for the Consolidation of Turnpike Trusts in South Wales, and the present Act, shall be construed as One Act.

[Act may be amended, &c.]

XVII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for Loans towards defraying the Expence of making certain Railways in Ireland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

[57 G. 3. c. 34.]

---

intituled An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount9 for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas another x Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled

An Act to amend an Act made in the present Session of Pap- 57 G. s. c. 124.

Hament, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries,

and the Employment of the Poor: And whereas another Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend and con- IG. 4.0.6a Onus Two Acts passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on of '

Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor9 and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in Great Britain: And whereas another Act was passed '

4 in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to empower 1&8G.4.0.I1U 4 the Commissioners in Great Britain for the Execution of several Acts for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor,

and to extend the Time for the Payment of certain Advances under the said Acts: And whereas another Act was passed in

the Third Year of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty, intituled An Act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty-seventh 3G.-4. e.ss.

4 Year of His late Majesty and the First Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the %

Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries,

and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said last*mentioned Majesty, intituled An Act to 4G.4.0.63. authorize the Advance of Money by the Commissioners under [several Act* far the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works9 - 4 for

600

3 G. 4. c. 38. 5G. 4.C. 77. 6tG. 4. c. 35.

7 G. 4. c. SO.

7&8 G. 4. c. 12.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. 47.

2 & 2 W.4. c. 24.

I ->t

J; I, '*?; '

., 11 l-J <*<

V Tim1. 85c4W.4-c. 32.

4&JW.4. c. 72.

\ . 3 7.

u r

7w:l4.V"/t'; , ':1 Vict. 0.51.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 88. S& 4 Vict. c. 10.

Cap. 73. Railways (Irelandf). 10 & 11 Vict.

4 /hr Me building, rebuilding, enlarging, or repairing of Gaolt ut England: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of II is said last-mentioned Majesty, inti tilled An Act to amend and render more effectual the several Acts for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works: And whereas another Act was passed in the same Year, intituled An Act to amend the Acts for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works: And whereas another Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty, intituled An Act to render more effectual the several Acts far authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works, so faros relates to Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the several Acts for authth rizing Advances for carrying on Public Works and to extend the Provisions thereof in certain Cases: And whereas another Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His said last-mentioned Majesty* intituled An Act to amend an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for tkt Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works iti Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the same Year, intitilled An Act for the further Amendment and Extension of the Powers of the several Arts authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works: And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Jfllliam the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend several Acts passed for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Work and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills, for the Purposes of the said Acts: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intitilled An Act to amend several Acts authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend several Acts for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to authorize a further Issue o f Exchequer Bills for the Puqtosts of the said Arts: And whereas another Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to authorize the further Issue of Excho quer Bills for Public JYorks and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts relating thereto: And whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, inti tailed An Act 4 to authorize the further Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts relating thereto: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public JYorks and Fisheries, and Employment of the

lfe47f ' J Railways (Itetand). Cap. 73. (N

Poor: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 5&e Vict. c. c to authorize the Advance of Monty out of the Consolidated

Fund to a limited Amount, for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for the like Purposes:

And Whereas another Act was passed in the Ninth and Tenth

Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 9 & 10 Vict. c.i 4 to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment

of the Poor: And whereas sundry Advances or Loans have,

been made by the Commissioners of the said recited Acts for the Putposes in the same Act Specified, and gr^t Benefits r have been derived therefrom: And whereas Applications have been made to the daid Commissioners by the Great Southern and Western Railway Company for the Advance or Loan of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, by the Waterford f; i {

and Kilkenny Railway Company for the Sum of Eighty-three

thousand Pounds, and by the Dublin and Droaheda Railway Company for the Sum of Thirty-si^ thousana Pounds; and, r itr is deemed expedient to make fhrther Advances of l^tohey. :r,

out of the Consolidated Fund for the Purposes of such Loans Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords,

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for Power to Tr the Purposed of such Advances or Loans as aforesaid the Com- *ux7t0 missioned of Her Majesty's Treasury* of the United Kingdom dit^l F^d, ! of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being are hereby em- direct the I *

Sowered, by Warrant under the Hands of any Three or more of fiem' to change the Consolidated Fprtd of the United Kingdom, of Great Britain and Ireland (after providing for all preceding, -

Charges, but having Preference of all future Charges), and to, direct the ls$ue or the Payment thereout to the Account of the Commissioners for the Ijme 'bbint fot the of the,

National Debt of a Sum or Bums Of^Vloney i^ot exceeding

hundred and twenty thousand Pounds. ' V

II. And be it enacted, That, all and every the several, Power*, &c.i Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Direc- j^*^ tfohs, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileged, Priorities, Ad vap- Force as if n tages. Penalties, and Forfeitures' contained In the said. tecited rnneted in th Acts dr any of them shall not be affected by any Act or Acts Act* of Parliament passed or to be passed, save so far as, the same ipey be therein and thereby altered, varied, of repealed. by, eibteaa Reference1 toWiilreeited Acts or't^is Act; anapil A

aha every the 'said'several Claudes, Powers, Authorities, Pro-, visoes, 'Enactments, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures, so far as the dame can b# made applicable and are not varied by this AdtjAsball be taken to extend to this Act^ and to every, o{ thing to don£ in pursuance, of this A^of, add, as if such Clput^Poweref, Authorities, Provisoes, Enactments, Directions,

Regula-

609

Act may be amended, &c.

3 & 4 Vict c. 108. 3 & 4 Vict c-109.

5 & 6 W.4. c. 67. 2 & S Vict. c. 61.

Cap. 73, [74. Railways (Ireland). 10 & 11 VICT *

Regulations, Restrictions, Privileges, Priorities, Advantages, Penalties, and Forfeitures were herein repeated and set forth* 1

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to provide for the Repayment of Sums due by the County of the City of Limerick for Advances of public Money for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by the Provisions of an Act passed in the ' " Session of Parliament holden in the Third and Fourth

Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, and ' of another Act passed in the same Session, intituled An Act i to annex certain Parts of certain Counties of Cities to adjoining 1 Counties, to make further Provision for Compensation of Officers

in Boroughs, to limit the Borough Bate, and to continue for a

limited Time i An Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate

Property in Ireland, certain Alterations were made in the ' Boundaries of the County of the City of Limerick as then ' existing, and of the ancient Liberties thereof, and certain

Parts or Portions thereof which before the passing of said Act

formed a Part of said County of the City of Limerick are not

included within the Boundaries defined under the said first- mentioned Act as the Boundaries of the Borough of Limerick^ ' and said Parts and Portions so excluded from the said County of the City of Limerick are by the said secondly-mentioned Act ' made, for all the Purposes of Grand Jury Presentments and ' of Criminal Jurisdiction, and also of Civil Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Dublin, Part of the County of Limerick: And whereas under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon, and of another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Second and Third Yean

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon, the said County of the City of Limerick as originally bounded and defined became liable to repay to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury the Sum of Two thousand three hundred and fifty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Elevenpence Three Farthings for Principal, and a Sum for Interest which, when computed up to the Twenty-eighth Day of February in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, will amount to the Sum of Five hundred and eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence as and for the Proportion of the said County of the City of Limerick as originally

1847. Shannon Navigation (Ireland). Cap. 74. 803

bounded and defined towards the Repayment of Monies issued and advanced to the Commissioners for the Improvement of the River Shannon under the Authority of the said last-mentioned Act, for the Purposes thereof, as appears by the Certificate of the said Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said Act: And whereas by a certain Award duly made pursuant to the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, secondly above recited, it was determined that the Parts, Portions, or Precinct of the County of the - City of Limerick annexed under and by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act to the County of Limerick should contribute Four Fifths, and that the Borough of Limerick as now defined by the said first-mentioned Act should contribute One Fifth Part, of the Debts due by the said County of the City of Limerick as originally bounded and defined: And whereas such Proportions appear to be just and reasonable for the Apportionment of the said Principal Sum and Interest upon the said Borough and the said Districts so constituting n

4 Part of the County of the City of Limerick as originally bounded and defined, and now added to the said County of Limerick as aforesaid; and it is expedient that Provision

should be made at the Spring Assizes of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight for the Payment of the whole of the said Sum of Five hundred and eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Four-pence which will be then due for Interest as aforesaid, according to the Proportions aforesaid,

and also for the Repayment, according to the like Proportions,

of the said Principal Sum of Two thousand three hundred and fifty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, with the further Interest thenceforth to accrue on the Balances of the Principal thereof from Time to Time remaining unpaid, by Twelve equal Instalments, which said Principal Sum, apportioned according to such Proportions as aforesaid, is calculated to amount to the respective Sums herein-after mentioned in that Behalf:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Borough or County of Borough or the City of Limerick as now constituted shall be and be deemed bounty the and are hereby declared to be liable to pay the Sum of Four ^ck.&c. now* hundred and seventy-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine- annexed to the fienee Halfpenny, with Interest, as herein-after mentioned, as County of and for the Share and Proportion of the said Borough towards Tianie^toTi.e

the said Principal Sum of Two thousand three hundred and respective Pro-flfty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven-pence Three P°rti.ons as Farthings so due to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's [^ned fthe IVeasttry, and to pay the Sum of One hundred and two Debt due to the Pdtmds Four Shillings and Eight-pence as and for the Share Tn-asu.y in re-aWi Proportion of the said Borough towards the said Sum of pr^tme^of11" FiVe hundred and eleven Pounds Three Shillings and Four- the River Shan, ptnee so due and computed for Interest as aforesaid; and that non-

b- - the

Ctfpi 7*; ) SftaHndn 'Nai)iffdOoh (lrelfingf.' 10 & 11 Vl&1

the Pkrta, Ptfrt56n», of Prtcinfct aforesaid iiraejced totiie CbUntjr' of Dimrr/^A 'as aforesaid shall be and be deemed liable to pay and contribute the Sum of One thousand eight hundred and eighty-serai Pounds Three Shillings and .Two-pence 'Farthing, with Interest, as herein-after mentioned, ks and for the Shate and Proportion of the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct towards thie feaid Suin of Two thousand three hundred and fifty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings; and Eleven-pence Three Farthings so1 due to the Commissioners of Her MajestyV Treasury wr Principal as aforesaid, and to pay and contribute the Sum of Foli^ hundred and eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence 'as and for the Share and Proportion of the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct towards the said Sum of Five hundred and eleveb Pounds Three Shillings and Four-perice due to the said Cornmiiskmers of Her Majesty's Treasury for Interest as aforesaid. 1 1 - 5

TI. i Arid* be it etiacted. That the Grand Jury for the County of; the City of Lifntriek as now constituted and the Grand Jury for tee County of Limeribk respectively Shall and they are hereby required at tee Spring Assizes of the Year One thousand eight at the s rin hundred and forty-eight to be held for the said County of the A&sizes ons48 City Of Limerick, ritid County of Limerick respectively, to pre-present their sent to be liaised off the said Borough or County of the City <rf

respective Pro*

portions of Interest to he raised and p.iid forthwith; and their respective Proportions of the Principal, with further Interest, to be raised and p iid by Twelve Instalments.

The Grand Juries of the County of the City and of the County of Limerick shall

Lxmeritk ks now instituted, and off the Parts, Portion, or PrCcinOt1 which formed Part of said County of the City of Limerick, but are noW annexed as aforesaid to the said County of 'hiineAck respectively, the aforesaid Sums of One hundred and two Pounds Four Shillings and Eight-pence and Four hundred and eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence, to which they are hereby respectively declared liable as aforesaid, for Interest, and to be paid to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and the said Grand Jury for the County of the City of Limerick^ at the Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, shall and they are hereby required, without Application to Presentment Sessions, ta present the said Principal Sum of Four Hundred and ^ererity-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, together with a Sum calculated at the Rate of Thirteen Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum on the said Principal Sum, as and for the Interest at Four Pounds per Centum per Anmcm which would accrue on such Principal Sum whilst such Principal Sum should be in progress of Payment, by Twelve equal Instalments, such compound Sum of Principal and Interest' to be paid to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in fcqual Instalments, and to be raised and levied off the .!, < J .*i a*id County of the City of Limerick as now constituted, the v *.-«! -first of such Instalments to be paid at the Summer Assizes hi >/? Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and each

ftf 'the other Instalments to be paid successively at each of the - u t fcuc^efedingr Assizes ter the said County of the City of lAninM,

mtil thfe\liole of subh Twelve Instalments shall have beefl juHy pfcid off| and the eaid Grand Jury of the County Of

I8#i / f j./, ., £/ww»n (/rdawd)-., Cap; 74.

Limerick at the Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight shall and they are hereby required, without Application to Presentment Sessions, to present the said Principal Sum of One thousand eight hundred and eighty^seven Pounds Three Shillings and Two-pence Farthing, together with a Sum calculated at the Rate of Thirteen Pounds Ton, ShilHngg per Centum on the said last-mentioned Principal Sqm* as anil for the Interest at Four Pounds per Centum per Auburn which would accrue on such Principal Sum whilst such Principal Sum should be in progress of Payment, by Twelve eqiud Instalments, such Compound Sum of Principal and Interest to be paid to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in Twelve; equal Instalments, and to be raised and levied off^e, Piirts, Portion, or Precinct aforesaid now annexed to the County of Limerick, the first of such Instalments to be paid at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred ami forty-eight, and each of the other Instalments to be paid sm^esrivejv at each of the succeeding Assizes for the said County of Limerick, until the whole of such Twelve Instalments rimll have been fully paid oft*; and in all such Cases, and also in case the Grand .Jury of the County of the City of Limerick, or County of Limerick shall neglect or refuse to make sakl Presentments or any of them, the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Borough or now County of the City of Limerick and the treasurer for the Time being of the said County of Liyerick ^respectively shall and they are hereby respectively required, without further Presentment or Authority in that Behalf* to, insert respectively in their. Warrants to be issued after the said respective Spring Assizes of the Year One thousand flight hundred and forty-eight for the levying of public M^cy off the said County of the City of Limerick and County of fomcrick respectively, the Amount of the Sums hereby respectively directed to be r; iised and paid for Interest as aforesaid, am} also to insert respectively in such their Warrants to be issued after the Spring Assizes of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and the several succeeding Assizes, the Aipount of the respective Instalments of Principal and Interest hereby directed to be raised and paid as aforesaid, when an<J as the game shall be leviable respectively under this Act, in addition to the other Monies to be levied after each such Assizes; and iipy such respective Sums* when raised and levied as aforesaid, sbail be paid over by such respective Treasurer to such Bank or Person and in such Manner as the said Commisriouers of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct.

III. And whereas under the Provisions of the said recited ' Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty's ' Reign and of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty's Reign the County of Limerick as originally bounded ' and defined became liable to repay to the Commissioners of 1 Her Majesty's Treasury a certain Sum for Principal and In-f terest, as the Proportion of the said County of Limerick towards the Repayment of Monies advanced to the Coin-j^£Xo. 39. Price 2i/.] Q q 4 missioners

606

1

odi *io bus 71

O -nl jrW n I .finom

The Precincts of Limerick not to be liable to the Proportion payable by the County, but such Precincts shall he credited with the Amount already

paid.

406 Cap. 74. Shannon Navigation (Ireland). 10 & 11YWt.

f missioners for the Improvement of the River Shannon as

aforesaid: And whereas by reason that the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct of the County of the City of Limerick have

as aforesaid become Part of the County of Limerick, and i have thereby become liable to be assessed, and have, as being

Part of the County of Limerick, hitherto been assessed with

and have paid divers Sums of Money for and on account of the said Proportion of the said County of Limerick towanh ' the Repayment of the Monies so advanced to the Coma *

sioners for the Improvement of the River Shannon: And whereas, in consideration that by the Provisions of this Act ' the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct are made liable to pay ' and contribute to said Proportion of Charge payable as aforesaid by the County of the City of Limerick, the said Puls, ' Portions, or Precinct ought therefore to be reimbursed for the ' Sums so paid in respect of the said Proportion of Charge ' payable by the County of Limerick, and ought to be exoner-

ated from any further Payment in respect of the same; be it therefore enacted, That the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct so annexed to and become Part of the County of Limerick shall not be liable or bound to contribute to the Payment of the aid Proportion, or any Part thereof, payable by the County of Limerick towards the Repayment of the Monies so advanced for the Improvement of the River Shannon; and the Grand Jury of the County of Limerick at the Spring or Summer Assise* for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight shall and they are hereby required to ascertain the total Amount of the Sums from Time to Time levied from and paid by the aid Parts, Portions, or Precinct so annexed to the said County, for or in respect of the said Proportion payable by the said County of Limerick as aforesaid, and when the same shall have bees so ascertained the Grand Jury of the said County of Limmd shall and they are hereby required to allow Credit to the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct for the Sum so ascertained, a* against the Funds and Monies of the rest of the said County of Limerick exclusive of the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct, and shall and they are hereby required to present the Amount of the so ascertained Sum to be again assessed upon and to be levied and raised on and from the rest of the said County of Limerick exclusive of the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct; and the said Sum shall be accordingly so raised and levied, in like Manner and subject to like Provisions and Regulations as other Monies duly presented by the said Grand Jury are raised and levied, save that no Part of the said Sum shall be raised or levied off the said Parts, Portions, or Precinct so annexed to the said County as aforesaid; and the said Sum, or every Part thereof, as the same shall be from Time to Time raised or levied, shall be applied to replace the Amount of the Sum for which Credit shall have been so allowed to such Parts, Portias? or Precinct as aforesaid.

Act Tuny be

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or

Amended, &e. repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

1847. Fishery Piers and Harbours (Ireland). Caf* 76.

m

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Fishery Piers and Harbours of Ireland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to encourage the Sea Fisheries

of Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public t Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works,

Provision was made of Funds, partly by way of Grant, and

partly by way of Loan, for the Purposes therein specified; and

it is expedient that further Sums of Money should be provided, to be applied in like Manner; and the Powers granted

to the Commissioners constituted under that Act were, by ' another Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled f An Act to extend and consolidate the Powers hitherto exercised

by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to appoint

additional Commissioners, transferred to and vested in the 1 Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal; and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland may cause to be issued from Time to Time to the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, as they may find necessary for the Purposes of the said Act, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds.

II. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may make Advances by way of Grant to an Amount not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, and such further Sum or Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time voted by Parliament to be applied for the Purposes of the first-recited Act and this Act, in the Manner and on the Conditions specified in the said Act concerning any Grant of Money made under the Authority of the said Act; and every Grant of Money made under the Authority of this Act shall be subject to all the Provisions of the Act as fully as if the said Act had authorized the Advance and Appropriation to the Purposes of the said Act of the said further Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, and of any such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time voted by Parliament as aforesaid; and Loans may be made by the said Commissioners of Public Works in aid of any such Grant in like Manner and upon the like Security as is provided with respect to any Work to be executed under the Provisions of the first-recited Act.

ILL. And be it enacted, That within Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act the said Commissioners by One or

9 & 10 Vict. c. 8.

9 & 10 Vict 10 Vict. c. 86.

Treasury may

issue the Sum of 40,000l. out of Consolidated Fund.

Appropriation of 40,000l. and of such further Sums as shall be voted for the Purposes of 9 & 10 Vict. c. 3. and of this Act.

Commission i' 1 to give Notice of existing

public Harbours which ought to be vested in them *

Certain public Harbours vested in the Commissioners.

Commissioners to apportion the Charge of Repair of Harbours, &c. in case of Insufficiency of Tolls.

Cap. 75. Fishery Piers and Harbours (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

more Notices or Instruments in Writing under the Hands of Two or more of them, shall declare and describe the several Harbours, Piers, Quays, Landing Places, and other Works on the Sea Coast of Ireland which within Forty-five Years last passed have been made wholly or in part with public Money advanced for the Improvement of the Fisheries, and which the Commissioners shall deem fit and still useful for the Purposes of the Sea Fisheries, and which, in their Opinion, ought to be vested in the said Commissioners; and a Copy of every sttch Notice or Instrument shall be published within the said Period of Twelve Calendar Months in the Dublin Gazette, and in soipe One or more Newspapers circulating in the Neighbourhood of the Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work to which such Notice relates, and also, if the Commissioners think fit, shall be posted at some public Place in the said Neighbourhood, and by such Notice all Persons interested shall be required, on or before a Day to be named therein, not sooner than Two Weeks from such Publication, to send to the Secretary of the said Commissioners in Dublin their Objections, if any, in Writing, to the said Proceedings of the Commissioners.

IV. And be it enacted, That after the Expiration of the Time so limited for receiving Objections with respect to any such Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work the Commissioners shall consider all such Objections, and shall inquire into the Grounds of the same, in such Manner as they think fit; and if thereupon they shall be of opinion, and shall finally determine, that any such public Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work should be vested in them, they shall signify their Determination by an Order under the Hands of Two or more of them, which shall be published in the Dublin Gazette; and any such public Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work respecting which such Order shall have been made and published as aforesaid, with all Ways, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, shall thereupon be vested in the said Commissioners and their Successors, and shall be deemed to be so vested, and shall be maintained and repaired in like Manner as if it had been constructed under the Provisions of the said Act.

V. And be it enacted, That in and by the Order made as aforesaid for vesting any such Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work in the Commissioners they shall specify the County which, under the Provisions herein-before contained, shall be liable to be charged with the Costs and Charges of the Repair and Maintenance thereof in case of the Insufficiency of the Tolls, Rates, or Rents accruing thence to the Commissioners to make good the same; and if any such Harbour* Pier, Quay, or Landing Place shall be in or adjacent to more than one County, the Commissioners in and by the same Order shall fix the Proportion in which each of such Counties shall be liable to be charged towards making good such Deficiency; and every such Order shall be binding and conclusive on every such County, and on all Persons whomsoever.

VI. PrO-

609

I f

i /.

1847. Fishery Piers and Harbours (Ireland). Cap. 75.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Tolls, Bates, or Bents accruing to the said Commissioners from any Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work vested in them under the Provisions of the first-recited Act or of this Act shall be insufficient to defray the Charge of the Maintenance and Repair thereof, the Commissioners may from Time to Time execute such Repairs out of any Monies in their Hands applicable for Loans for Public Works, and shall in every such Case draw up an Award specifying the Amount of the Sums expended by them in and about such Repairs, and all Expences incident thereto, over and above the Amount of the said Tolls, Bates, and Bents applicable thereunto, and deducting any Sum which under the Power herein-after contained shall have been advanced by them by way of Grant for the first Repair of any Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work vested in them under this Act, and shall charge such Amount, with Interest, upon the County or Counties in or adjacent to which such Pier, Harbour, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work is situated; and the Commissioners shall sign such Award under the Hands of Two or more of them; and every such Award shall be deemed a final Award of the Commissioners, such as they are empowered by the first-recited Act to make, as soon as any Work for the Purposes of the said Act is completed, and shall be dealt with in like Manner, and be of the like Force and Effect; and all Proceedings in respect thereto shall be had ns by the said Act is provided with respect to Proceedings upon any such final Award of the Commissioners.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Commissioners, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, may, if they think fit, out of the said Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, or any further Sum which shall be from Time to Time voted by Parliament for the Purpose of the first-recited Act and this Act, advance by way of Grant any Part of the Expences of the first Repair of any Harbour, Pier, Quay, Landing Place, or other Work vested in them under this Act, and previously to such first Repair such Proceedings shall be had and taken as by the said first-recited Act are required to be previously had or taken in the Case of any new Pier, Quay, Harbour, or other Work the Expence of which is partly to be paid by any County or District.

VIII. And be it enacted, That this Act and the first-recited Act as amended by this Act shall be construed together as One Act

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

If Tolls, &c. are insufficient to repair Harbour, he. Commissioners may execute the same out of Loans for Public Works.

First Repairs of old Harbours, he. may be executed partly by Grant out of 40,000*.

Aeta to be construed together.

Act may be amended, &c.

Qq 3

Digit sd

Cap. 76,

Holyhead Harbour.

CAP. LXXVI.

10 & 11 Vict.

50 G. 3-e.93-

4G.4.C. 74.

9 & 10 Vict.

c. 116.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Lands for the Purpose of a Harbour of Refuge at or near Holyhead in the County of Anglesea.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the improving and completing the Harbour of Holyhead in the Isle of Anglesea: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges now building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth, and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead: And whereas an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of 3 & 4 W. 4. C. 43. ' His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for transferring to the Commissioners of His Majesty1 s Woods and Forests the several Powers note vested in the Holyhead Road Commissioners, and for discharging the last-mentioned Commissioners from the future Report's and Maintenance of the Roads, 4 Harbours, and Bridges now under their Care and Management: And whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to apply the Sum of Eight millions three hundred and Jifty-six thousand one hundred and seventy-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings aitd Eleven-pence out of the Consolidated Fund, and Monies in the Exchequer, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, the Sum of Eighty-five thousand six hundred and eighty-one Pounds was directed to be issued and applied for Holyhead Harbour: And whereas by an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to purchase Land for the Purposes of a Harbour of Ref uge and Breakwater in the Isle of Portland in the County of Dorset, Powers are therein contained for enabling the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to carry out and effect the Purchase of the Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned: And whereas, for the Promotion of the Service and Interests of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for further facilitating the Intercourse between Her Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain and Ireland, it is intended to construct a new and improved Harbour at or near Holyhead in the County of Anglesea, and the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed are required for the Purposes of the said Harbour and the Works, Matters, and Things incident to or connected there-

with;

10 & 11 Vict.

c. 24.

Holyhead Harbour *

Cap. 76. 6U

with; and for acquiring such Lands it is expedient that such Provision should be made as is herein-after contained: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Power to Com-Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, of

Works, and Buildings for the Time being, on behalf of Her purchwethe° Majesty, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Land* men-and out of any Monies winch have been or may hereafter be granted by Parliament for Holyhead Harbour, to purchase

the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and such Lands and Hereditaments when purchased shall be conveyed and assured to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of the said Harbour.

II. And be it enacted, That the Maps or Plans already made Maps, &c. after describing the said Lands, after the same shall have been authen- then^ate^to11" ticated in Duplicate by the Signatures of the Lords of the Ad- be deposited in miralty for the Time being, shall be deposited in the Office of the Offices of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and in the Office of the Lords of the Admiralty respectively; and the Maps and Plans so authenticated and deposited shall remain in such Offices respectively, to the end that all Persons may at all reasonable Times inspect the same at their Will and Pleasure, on Payment of One Shilling for every such Inspection.

III. And for the Purpose of empowering the Commissioners Powers of the

for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land lo&nvict. Revenues, Works, and Buildings, on behalf of Her Majesty, to ^this Act and take and use for the Purposes of the said intended new and to the Lands improved Harbour at or near Holyhead, and the Works, Mat- mentioned inters, and Things incident to or connected therewith, the Land, the *

Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments mentioned in the said

Schedule hereunto annexed, and for empowering the said Commissioners, on behalf of Her Majesty, to stop up, divert, raise, lower, or alter all or any of the Roads, Ways, Paths, Passages,

Streams, and Watercourses which now lead into, through, across, or over the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and for the compulsory Purchase of all or of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the said Commissioners may deem it necessary or expedient to purchase and acquire for the Purposes aforesaid, be it enacted, That all the Powers, Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the last herein-before recited Act of this present Session of Parliament, except such of them or such Parts thereof as are b^r this Act repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for, tod a!sorexcept the special Provisions in the said Act contained fof the ascertaining and appropriating the Price to be paid for the Rights tod Interests of any Person or Persons in the com-OT COfiatnonable Lands therein mentioned, shall extend and ^ply to the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in the Sche-

Qq 4

dule

612' Cbj%7& liehjkeM NaJbimft 10 & 11Yftal

dale to this Act mT follyandeffedlmUy asifh^ sfcvtni

Fbwbis, Provisions* Matters, and Thi^Aliuto

Act, maid're-enactedWithTefei^nldeiito^ and Heretic

ments hfeteby authorized tot be^ jmrdiafi6d, Mand tothosevcral Purposed and Thirits before mentioned Or referred to, and as if the^ Expression *f County of Angleska? <vmd substituted in the said lastly herrin^bcfoiie recited Afc t for^ the Expression ff Cohbty of Dorhrt^iaad as if the Expression i /f!new* and imptoiied Harr hour at or near Holyhead? \Vas> subetitdtedifbr /the Fkpresrioiiq " Harbour Of lietfug^Dd i B intended1 to feeioto *

stntoted on or near the North*«agfrSide of Utolslecf Fbrt&tkd and ail Baihs and Penalties wHJchitnay beincurtted, imposed, of inflicted under or by virtue'of thd said last herein-before rfcfcited ' Act of this pcieseiit Session iOf Parliament for lOflfdnCcs/against the Prorisions therein spebifled^ shbll/and/miiy^ be! i^ enforced, and inflicted for similar Offences against the Piwidioite i of this Act, bnd in aU respects: as if the1 same weteirepeated in this Act J.i - 1. ' v. kf., t , / j:

Lands to be

IV. And be it enacted, That-beifbri'i any jmperflueuBiluhndfl offered to to be purchased by or on behalf of Her Majesty under the

Land^from Authority of this Act shall be sold, such superfluous Lands

which they were shall, unless situate within a Town, or he Lqnds built upon or originally taken, used for Building Purjtoses, be first dflerra to ute1 Person then or^tejwjouung ^titled to the Lands {if any) from which the same were originally severed mr or if such Person refuse to., purchase the same, or cannot, after diligent Inquiry be found, then the like-Offer shall be made to the Person or to the several Persons whose Lands shall immediately adjoin the Lands so proposed to be sold, such Persons being capable of entering into aCpntrgct for the Purchase of such Lands .; and where niore than One such Person shall be entitled to such Right of Pre-emption, such Qffef sh^ll he wade tp such Persons in Succession, one after another, in such Order as by or on behalf of Her Majesty shall be thought fit; and if ariy such Persons be desirous of purchas-. ipjr .such Lands, theij, within gii^Weeks after such Offer of Sale, they shall signify their Desire in that Behalf to the, Commissioners for the Time beifcg of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, /and Buildings, or if they decline such Offer, or if for Bi# Weeks they neglect to signify thetf Desire to purchase such Lands, the Right of Pre-emption of every such Person so declining or neglecting in respect of the / Lands included in such Offer shall cease; and a Declaration in Writing made before a Justice by some Person not interested ip, th0 Matter in question, stating th^t such Offer ^yas, made, and was refused or not aeoepted within Six Weeks from the Time of making the same, or that the Person or all the Persons entitled to the Right of Pre-emption were out of the Country, or could not, after diligent Inquiry, be found, or were not capable of entering into a Contract for the Purchase of such Lands, shall in all Courts, be sufficient Evidence of the Facts therein stated; and if any Person entitled to such Pre-emption he desirous of purchasing any such Lands, and such Person

and

{j

i ' Holyhead Harbour* Oap^76) 6i3d

and the said Commissioners do not agree act to the/Pride thereof# then such Price shall be ascertained by Arbitration^ and thfc Costs of sttch Arbitration shall be in the Discretion of the Arbitrators; and upon Payment or Tender to the said Commifrf sioners, on behalf of Her Majesty, of tho Purchase Money sd agreed upon or determined as aforesaid, they shall, oi^ behalf of Her Majesty* convey such Lands to the Purchasers thereof* and such Conveyance shall be effectual to vest the Lands conn prised therein in the Purchaser of such Lands for the Estatd which shall have been so purchased by him, and a Receipt under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Purchaser of any such Lands for the Purchase Money in such Receipt expressed to be received* i

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended Or Act may be repealed by any Ant to J>e ^passed in this present Session of amended* *« Parliament .: (

[Public Act.]

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as sufch bjr all Judges, Justices, and others. I lM j

__________ , __________; . t« 1

: ' 1 i

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

{ Hil ^vtn'*T

V. on Description of Owners Lessees or Occupiers.

ITan. Property. or reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

1 Mountain or Waste The Crown and f' i; iL,

Public Footpath - Lord Stanley.

1* The Surveyors of

Highways. ' 1 ' '! !t

i -j Public Footpath - The Surveyors of, .ri.

Highways. Jlowlapd Williams Rcwliind Williams.

2 . Pasture The Crown, Mary

Roberts, and Rowland Williams .; *! , ' | '*; i MiJ .(f

3, Pasture - The Crown, Lord - Mary Roberts.

, r, ' i Stanley, and Mary Robert}*. ' i! ' .,; Richard Roberts.

4 Pasture - - The Crown, Lord; -

Stanley, and Hichafd Roberts.

- - . | ., i

5 Pasture The Crown, Lord -, Wifttym Williams., , i,

Stanley, and W il-liam Williams. ' ', r\

WrMiiim Williams.

Occupation Path or The Crown, Lord 1 1'1

Hoad. Arable and Pasture Stanley, and William, Williams. T :; V .r Richard Roberts.

6 The Crown, Lord - J 1 '

Stanley, and Richard Roberts., ' !:, 1 *'1

6\ Pigrtye and Yard - The Crown, Lord:Richard Roberts.

Stanley, and Richard Roberts. t,

i Anfble, and Pasture The Crown, Lord: Stanley, an<l r ? j Rob^t Roberto and Jaije Davies .: >: rh

I i. -, , (, Robert Roberts. ' 1 i 1 r t f t!. - :; . J

j'\ i; 1 J . .1' .

Schedule — continued.

N° on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

7* Old Cowhouse and Yard. The Crown, Lord Stanley, and Robert Roberts. - Robert Roberts and Jane Davies.

8 Arable The Crown, Lord . Stanley, and Elizabeth Hughes. Elizabeth Hughes.

8* Pigstye The Crown, Lord Stanley, and Elizabeth Hughes. Elizabeth Hughes.

8b Pasture The Crown, Lord Stanley, and Elizabeth Hughes. Elizabeth Hughes.

9 Pasture - The Crown, Lord Stanley, and Elizabeth Hughes. Elizabeth Hughes.

10 10a Arable Footpath or reputed Footpath. The Crown, Lord Stanley, and Elizabeth Hughes. Elizabeth Hughes.

11 Pasture The Crown, Lord Stanley, and Elizabeth Hughes. Elizabeth Hughes.

12 Pasture Lord Stanley - Robgrt Owen.

13 Pasture - Lord Stanley and Henry Williams, Esquire. Richard Morris and Robert Owen.

13* Occupation Hoad - The Marquess of Anglesey, Lord Stanley, and Henry Williams, Esquire. Lewis Thomas, Robert Owen, and Richard Morris.

14 Pasture - Henry Williams, Esquire. - - Richard Morris.

15 Arable The Marquess of Anglesey. Lewis Thomas.

15* Occupation Hoad - The Marquess of Anglesey, Lord Stanley, and Henry Williams, Esquire. Lewis Thomas, Robert Owen, and Richard Morris.

18 Rock and Pasture Henry Williams, Esquire. - - Richard Morris.

16* Pasture Henry Williams," Esquire. - Richard Morris.

22 22* Pasture and Bocks Occupation Hoad - The Marquess of Anglesey. The Marquess of Anglesey. Lewis Thomas. Lewis Thomas.

23 Pasture - The Marquess of Anglesey. Lewis Thomas.

25 Pasture and Occupation Hoad. The Marquess of Anglesey. - - Lewis Thomas.

27 Arable Lord Stanley Henry Williams, Esquire. Lewis Thomas.

28 Arable - - Hugh Hughes and Lewis Thomas.

29 Pasture and Hock - Henry Williams, Esquire, and the Crown. Hugh Hughes.

Schedule — continued.

N° on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees* Occupiers.

30 Pasture, Arable, and Hook. The Marquess of Anglesey and the Crown. - Lewis Thomas.

31 Arable The Marquess of Anglesey. Lord Stanley and the Crown. - Lewis Thomas.

32 Arable and Rocks - - Lewis Thomas and Robert Owen.

33 Arable The Marquess of Anglesey. - Lewis Thomas.

34 Pasture Lord Stanley Lewis Thomas and Robert Owen.

35 Pasture The Marquess of Anglesey. Lewis Thomas.

36 Pasture and Rock - The Marquess of Anglesey. Lord Stanley - Lewis Thomas.

37 Pasture and Rock*. - William Bulkeley Jones.

38 Pasture and Rocks Henry Williams, Esquire, and the Crown. m Hugh Hughes.

88* Rocks and Pasture Henry Williams, Esquire, and the Crown. " Hugh Hughes.

39 Pasture and Rocks The Marquess of Anglesey and the Crown. Lewis Thomas and Richard Williams.

40 House The Marquess of Anglesey. Lewis Thomas and Richard Williams.

40* Occupation Road - The Marquess of Anglesey. - Richard Williams.

41 Arable, Pasture, and Rocks. Lord Stanley and the Crown. William Bulkeley Jones.

41a Occupation Road - Lord Stanley - William Bulkeley Jones.

42 Pasture and Rock - Lord Stanley - William Bulkeley Jones.

43 43* Pasture and Rock -Path Lord Stanley and the Crown. Lord Stanley. Robert Owen.

Pasture and Rock- Lord Stanley - Robert Owen.

44* Occupation Road - Lord Stanley - Robert Owen.

45 Pasture and Rock - Lord Stanley and the Crown. Robert Owen.

46 Pasture and Rock - Lord Stanley and the Crown. " Robert Owen.

46* Pasture and Rock - Lord Stanley and the Crown. Robert Owen.

46b Pasture and Rock - Lord Stanley and the Crown. Robert Owen.

46c, Rivulet Lord Stanley and the Crown. - Robert Owen.

46* Occupation Road - Lord Stanley - Robert Owen.

46* Path Lord Stanley - Robert Owen.

47 Pasture Lord Stanley - Robert Owen.

47* Rivulet Lord Stanley - Robert Owen.

48 Arable and Pasture -Lord Stanley - Robert Owen.

48* Arable and Pasture Henry Williams, Esquire, and Lord Stanley. Robert Owen and Richard Morris.

616? HotyKeacL ^ctrbvur. 10 & 11 VICtl

Schedule — continued.

N° OB *Description oi t Owners, ., Lessees or 'Occupier *

man. Property. or reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

v"4'9// r- r "; . / Pasture i Lord Stanley .\< \ i... A 1 - Reverend WiHiam Morgan.

l! *9* *' Occupation Hoad - Lord Stanley - J - Reverend William Morgan.

56 ' / Garden ' t House and [Yard - Lord Stanley - -1 - Reverend William Morgan.

1 51 Lord Stanley «. J _ Reverend William

52; Farmyard -: i . Lord Stanley i.iv j . .1 - Moran. Reverend William Morgan.

53 Stackyard Lord Stanley - Reverend William Morgan. Morgan.

- 44'/. Barn and Cowhouse Lord Stanley 7 i.Ti t ) .'J J . .^'1

M1 Cart Hovel \ \ Lord Stanley *' — - lteverttad Wiliam Merge*.

54 V, Kgstye 1 - Lord Stanley " ' (- ' Reverend William Morgan.

55 Farmyard w» i -m , : , ».» Lord Stanley 1 . Rerrertmd Wiflmm

Morgan.

56 Occupation lload - Lord Stanley - -, Reverend William MorgdA

>:-4ir r t III Stream - . i Lord Stanley t - Reverend Willkn Morgan.

fi7 ft -> . *>: r Arable i- t, i Henry William Owen. - - Richard Hughes.

#/ Arable wfd Pasture Henry William Owen., , r .1 - t l- J|icluucd, yi«h«,

Pasture and Hocks itj, i Henry William Owen and the Crown. >1 vf, Richard Hughes.

58V | i'atil Henry Williafn, 1

59 "*! 59* Arable -Path Owen. v Lord Stanley Lord Stanley. t Jolm Roberts.

60 Pasture and Rocks Henry William Owen and the' Richard Hughes.

Crown.

. 61b 6lc Pasture, - - Eleanor Vickers ' m John Jones.

Pasture and Hocks Patli Path Eleanor Vickers and the Crown. Eleanor Vickers: Eleanor Vickers. > John Jones.

te i Pasture >A Lord Stanley :-'L , lfa, M ) 1 'John Roberts.

6fl* . House and Rains - Lord Stanley Jv« .* J . John Roberts.

63 Arable . Lord Stanley 1 .; . John Roberts.

64 Pasture tj - - Lord Stanley, > + _ John Roberts.

65 1 65* Pasture, r path; - Eleanor Vickers -Eleanor Vickers. - - " John Roberts.

66 Pasture - - Eleanor Vickers - ' L . John Jones.

67 Pasture - Lord Stanley, - r Owe Evans, W*hnr, and the Executors, of the fade fiagh r Evans.

69 n Arable - Lord Stanley - j :i - ' > !, .i., *' j G race Evans, Widov,

, (and Execute of the late Hugh Evans.

Schedule — continued

N° on Description of

Plan. Property.

68* Path

Ifinlm It .1 uw\t *

nifliHiYf hn.i r-.A

69 Pasture

irir.jilj ff |U» 1 . */l

miiilirVf hiur. U

70 Arable

UlClIJl ff 1 e-ji / dl

U, V/ .luQt *' f" '/ r t U

7Q\/ Pasture and Rocks

W Path

70c Path

71 Arable

71* Path

72 Pasture

72* Pasture and Rocks

; 2b Drain and Well -

U Pasture

iuw\f

jil 1 *11.'; ill

73* Pasture and Rocks

uil IniuLiH

74 Stackyard

75 Pasture

75* Cowhouse

76 Pasture and Rocks

76* Pasture and Rocks

77 Pasture

78 Arable

79 Arable

80 Pasture

80* Path

81 Pasture and Rocks irffr.Hml.i, \ IT»dr, H

82 Pasture tjiM/I ri/Icl.

83 Arable

84 Pasture

84* Pasture and Rocks

X10)|i*VO

»+» Path

83 Garden and Yard -

, wohr ff

86 Yard JeT onj to

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lord Stanley

Lord Stanley

Lord Stanley

Lord Stanley and the Crown Lord Stanley Lord Stanley Eleanor Vickers Eleanor Vickers. Eleanor Vickers -Eleanor Vickers and the Crown. Eleanor Vickers -Jesus College, Oxford.

Jesus College, Oxford, and t}xe Crown.

il f f 'Ili

Lord Stanley Lord Stanley Tx>rd Stanley Lord Stanley and the Crown.

Lord Stanley and the Crown.

Lord Stanley Lord Stanley Lord Stanley Jesus College, Oxford.

Jesus College, Oxford.

Jesus College, Oxford, and the Crown.

Eleanor Vickers -

, -

Lord Stanley Lord Stanley Lord Stanley and the Crown.

Lord Stanley.

Lord Stanley

Lord Stanley

la :<

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

- hi"

.?<-i Mu

-In, '

tn« i

; K i.n<j '

, /J'i wl

rmoll

-> i

r- hi,

Occupiers.

* n'l | jtsIT

Grace Evans, Widow, and the Executors of the late Hugh Evans.

Grace Evans, Widow, and the Executors of the late Hugh ' [' Evans.

Grace Evans, Widow, and the Executors of the late Hugh

in

Evans.

I'liuil

V;

?.x i\)/{

I InfU, '

iil-. Jo

Marv Davies, Widow.

Ellin Roberts, Widow.

G race E vans, W ido w, and the Executors of the late Hugh Kvans.

Griffith Owen.

Griffith Owen.

Griffith Owen.

lioiJjtiuiW ';

Griffith Owen.

Executors of Hngh Evans, Grace

Evans, Widow, and John Thomas.

Executors of nngh Evans, Grace

Evans, Widow, and John Thomas.

Robert Prichard.

Robert Prichard.

Robert Prichard,

Robert Prichard,

Robert Prichard.

Robert Prichard.

Robert Prichard.

Robert Prichard.

Reverend Chaiies Williams.

cfjl/I *1 *

rln:'l 'la

Reverend Charies Williams and John Thomas.

William Walthew, Esquire.

John Thomas.

John Thomas.

John Thomas.

Mary Davies, Widow.

Ellin Roberts, Widow.

618 Cap. 76.

10 & 11 Vict.

Holyhead Harbour. Schedule — eoniintted.

N° on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

87 House and Yard - Lord Stanley Mary Davies, Widow. Mary Davies, Widow,

87* Three Pigstyes - Lord Stanley - Mary Davies, Widow. Mary Davies, Widow.

88 House Lord Stanley - Ellin Roberts, Widow. Ellin Roberts, Widow.

88* Wash-house Lord Stanley - EHm Roberts, Widow. Ellin Roberts, Widow.

89 House, Yard; and Privy. Lord Stanley Ellin Roberts, Widow, and Jaret Nicholson. James Somerville sad Ellin Roberts .;

90 House - - Lord Stanley - Ellin Roberts, Widow. Robert Roberts.

91 92 House and Yard Occupation Road - Lord Stanley Lord Stanley. ' Ellin Roberts, Widow. Samuel Wilkes.

93 93* Rock and Pasture -Public Footpath. Lord Stanley . John Thomas.

94 House, Stable, and Cowhouse. Lord Stanley - - 4 John Thomas.

95 Garden Lord Stanley . John Thomas.

95* Two Pigstyes Cart Hovel and Engine House. Lord Stanley - - John Thomas.

96 Lord Stanley " . John Thomas.

97 Stackyard Lord Stanley - John Thomas.

98 Pasture . Lord .Stanley - - John Thomas.

98* Occupation Road - Lord Stanley .* - - John Thomas.

99 Chapel and Yard - Lord Stanley Robert Spencer and others, Trustees of the Wesleyan Chapel. Robert Spencer and others. Trustees of the Wesleyan ChapeL

100 Garden Lord Stanley William Roberts Grace Lewis, Widow.

101 101* 101* Arable Path North West Street or Lane. Henry Williams, Esquire. Henry Williams, Esquire. Robert Williams t John Thomas.

102 House and Yard - Lord Stanley - Jane Williams and Mary Foote. William Woodhome.

102* Garden Lord Stanley JaneWilliams and Mary Foote. William Woodhone.

103 Pasture, Lord Stanley ... John Thomas.

104 Garden Lord Stanley . John Thomas and William Wood-house.

105 105*1 105*/ Arable Rocks ' Eleanor Vickers EleanorVickerMhe Crown, and Lord Stanley. Margaret Bamtt, Samuel Hadley, Jaret Nicholson, and John Griffiths.

106 Boat House - Eleanor Vickers . ... John Griffiths.

107 Garden Eleanor Vickers . ... John Griffiths.

108 Garden and Pigstye Eleanor Vickers . "Jaret Nicholson.

109 Garden and Pigstye Eleanor Vickers - - Samuel Hadley.

1847- Hofyhedd Harbmtk Cap. 76. 619

Schedule — continued.

N° on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers,

110 Garden and Pigstye Eleanor Vickers - . Margaret Barrett

111* Passage or Yard - Eleanor Vickers - Samuel Hadley, Margaret Barrett, Ja-ret Nicholson, and John Griffiths.

111 House Eleanor Vickers - - Margaret Barrett

112 House Eleanor Vickers - - Samuel Hadley.

113 House Eleanor Vickers - - Jaret Nicholson.

114 House and Pigstye Eleanor Vickers - - John Griffiths.

115 House Eleanor Vickers - - Owen Williams.

116 House Eleanor Vickers - Ellin Jones.

117 118 House Passage Eleanor Vickers -Eleanor Vickers. - - Jane Parry.

119 Garden and ruinous Pigstyes. Henry Williams, Esquire. Robert Williams John Thomas.

120 House Henry Williams, Esquire. Robert Williams William Williams.

121 House Henry Williams, Esquire. Robert Williams Margaret Tumblety, Hugh Williams, and William Owen.

122 House Henry Williams, Esquire. Robert Williams William Roberts.

123 124 House Public Hoad Henry Williams, Esquire. The Surveyors of Highways. Robert Williams Richard Roberts.

125 House Lord Stanley - - Mary Owen.

126 House Lord Stanley - - . Watkin Thomas.

127 House Lord Stanley - . - Lewis Jones.

128 129 House Public Street Lord Stanley Surveyor of High- " William Owens.

129a Pigstye ways. Lord Stanley _ _ Watkin Thomas.

129b Pigstye Lord Stanley - Mary Owen.

129c Pigstye Lord Stanley - Owen Jones.

130 House and Yard - Lord Stanley - John Thomas and Richard Roberts.

131 House and Yard - Lord Stanley - Owen Nicholson and William Griffith.

132 House and Yard - Lord Stanley - . - Thomas Morris.

133 House and Yard - Lord Stanley - . Joseph Duff.

134 House and Yard - Lord Stanley - William Duggan.

135 House and Yard - Lord Stanley - - Grace Williams and Hugh Hughes.

136 House and Yard - Lord Stanley William Hughes and Hugh Parry.

137 138 138* House and Yard -Rocks Public Street Lord Stanley Lord Stanley and the Crown. Surveyor of Highways. William Prichard and Thomas Jones.

139 House Eleanor Vickers - " Owen Jones and Richard Roberts.

140 House Eleanor Vickers - - _ Edward Jones.

141 House Eleanor Vickers - Catherine Jones.

142 House Eleanor Vickers - Owen Thomas.

143 House Eleanor Vickers - - . John Jones.

144 House Eleanor Vickers - Griffith Griffiths.

147

148

149

150

151

152

153

154

155

156

156 '

157

158

159

160

160 '

161

162

163

164

165

166

167

168

169

170

170 *

171

172

173

174

175

176

Cap. 76,

10 & 11Vwt

Holyhead Harbour. Schedule — continued.

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Leasees or reputed Lessees.

Rocks and Sea. Shore. House and Yard - The Crown, Lord Stanley, and Elea-nor Vickers. Eleanor Vickers - William Hughes

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers - William Hughes

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers - John Hughes -

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers - Elizabeth Hughes

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers -

House and Yard Eleanor Vickers -

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers -

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers - m m m

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers - m m

House and Yard - Eleanor Vickers -

Yard Eleanor Vickers -

Garden Eleanor Vickers -

House and Garden Lord Stanley Susannah Thomas

House, Outbuilding, Lord Stanley Susannah Thomas

and Yard.

House, Outbuilding, Lord Stanley Susannah Thomas

and Yard.

Street or Frontage Passage House, Yard, and Surveyor of Highways. Surveyor of Highways. Eleanor Vickers - John Owen

Outbuilding. Eleanor Vickers -

House and Yard - John Bouch

House, Yard, and Eleanor Vickers - John Owen

Garden.

House, Yard, and Eleanor Vickers - Robert Evans -

Garden.

House, Yard, and Eleanor Vickers Robert Williams

Garden. Corner in Street -House Surveyor of Highways. Eleanor Vickers - or Mary Wisdom. mm *

House Eleanor Vickers -

House Eleanor Vickers -

House Eleanor Vickers -

Passage in front of Houses. Surveyors of Highways.

House Eleanor Vickers -

House Eleanor Vickers -

nouse Eleanor Vickers -

House Eleanor Vickers -

Coach house Eleanor Vickers -

Warehouse Eleanor Vickers -

Oocapien.

William Hopson.

William Hughes.

Richard Owen.

Elizabeth Hugb« and Robert Phillips.

Hugh Thcmai sad John Roberts.

Daniel Meredith sad Mary Brady.

Owen Jones and Efi-xabeth Griffith.

William Rowlands.

Robert Hughes.

Robert Roberts and John Edwards.

John Goodall and Eleanor Vicken.

Ann Jones.

Janies Hughes.

John Thomas.

John Williams and Edward Parry.

Jane Evans.

Empty.

John Owen.

Robert Evans and Hugh Williams. John Woods.

Robert Jones. Henry Carvell and John Rowlands. Thomas lYice. Elizabeth Davies.

William Roberts. John Dagherty.il ugh Rowlands, and Charles M'Loil William Jones and John Jones. Robert Ellis and Elizabeth Ellis. Empty.

Joseph Hopson.

N^n.

Plan,

177

177 *

H *

18H'* '

II

il81rr »H<mst

!»e. wmkH'] i»\m>W li2f» House

PescriptionTOf"; rOwners; M: Lesseestrt" '

Property.^- ^W^mted^OKrr^rs. rejjdtW Lessees.

J_

Stable - - { Eleanor V'Mterif'W >1 V,

Passage or Street | Surveyor^ High* ways. ' 1 -Housed- . >: , H ififeahor Vickers t ' ' -WctkshopsBMlSi^d^ Kleohor Viewers i t*" *

House t

h

Eleanor Vickers 1

Kleanor Vickers - '

- , J /!:.

Eleanor. Vickers - i

.. t

: T; :_r

b^.J

183f r. iHoukfc *il 188? Shed"* ' »

18*: > House

.^iSSl-v House if . -18*I Tuontkg* or Street

b*!T L* V ..... il

1J8-'}; and Quay -j

Eleanor Vickers -Eleanor Vidors w Eleanor, Vickers -Eleanor'Vickers Surveyor -of^Hi^h-ways.

The Crown.

in..7 i iri

w

W:

1 i-

.l:

188

189

190r V 190. A

190 J

Swivel Bridge Bastard

tiphse ' and QuW biiildingf.' '

Qirdsn l

The Crown. 1

- The Crown

j« i The Crown

i», lfc9bfOj ii

199it i|.Occupation Road -

193

Pasture

193

193 193" 193" 193 *

194

195

196

209

: ri. I»'<

Rdtka

Gunned -

. ]; Vi ' Kit.- I

Powder House

a ii . :i Sea Shore Pasture

ii L frTh*45rawn

The Crown - 1

- The Crown - i

j . io >

* .j The Oown .4 | TheiCfeawH

- [The Crown - I

* .r i . *-», .1-hV

j

- JfThe Csown.

, -H The Crown and iLOrd Stanley.

212 Pasture and Waste i Lord Stanley 1 V

213 Pasture - Henry Williams,

{. i..T - | Esquire.

i 947 i Arable - - i -Lord Stanley — V *

21, 7r i J Occupation: Road - Lord Stanley

218, j, At*hiei - Henry. 'Williams, "

' j Esquire.

219 i Pasture - - Henry Wittiahspf - '

j ' i Esquire.

219* i jPaeture '

Occupier*.

Jofrh Jbnes.

ThOmas/ Plaisfed.1 JHioma^PWsted.

Hi^am^Thomas .Ellis, and '1 Isaac1 WoodkH.-Richard Morris and Thomas' Ellis .:

J ane Aforgans. JaneMorgans.-HannahJones. Jbsepli Hopsori.* t

J ofibPh) y is, Esq'uire. .TdhuPit^is, Esquire.

* 'ft (IjV '

JdhnPnivU, Es<|Uite. ' J OhnPro via, Esquire.

* > T 7; -r ' *f«4 1

J ohnProy is, Esquire. 3 ohttFltft i^Esqfulfe.

* *1 The Boai^ of Admi-

i-r. 4 j>. (naty: ' ,

-, This' Commissioners Inv. I of'- ^Ws #tmd

i' Perots.

I, .' . ii ' P

-: Robert Owen.

n*'' *

, Hemy- Wrillinms, f t u I , .», Esquire. 1 '

- 219b Pasture - - I Henry Williams,

, I I r I., r > I Inquire,

, 920. %r, A^hleawd Waste - j Lord Stanley /»

220*, Arable and Waste - Lord Stanley 291f Arafcteaad Waste - | Henry- Williams, [/

I j? *i.»i Esquirev

227 Pasture..., - - Henry- Williams, F »-

.., 1 i; j, - t, - I - Esquire. 7 >

I

» 'j Rob^rt^en. 0, f

- I Richard Morris.

j . 1

- | Robeft 04ren.

- i Robert Owen.

., IIugh-Hd^hes. r -

ti* ' l lttohttrd Morris! '

Richard Morris .: 1

. ii ' i

Richard Morris.

Robert OUen .: Robert Owen. RichttfSI Tllorris.

Richard Mbrris.

. i //

<-.

622 Cap. 76, 77. Holyhead Harbour. 10 & 11 YiCf.

Schedule — continued.

N° on Description of Owners Leases Occupiers. t

Plan. Property. or reputed Owners. or reputed Lessees.

228 Arable and Pasture Lord Stanley . Henry Jones.

229 Arable The Marquess of Henry Jones - Henry Jones.

Angles,.

220 Arable Henry Williams, - - Richard Moms.

Esquire.

232 Occupation Road - The Marquess of - Henry Jones sad

Angles,. Richard Morris.

234 Arable The Marquess of A «% rrloflv Henry Jones - Henry Jones.

235 Arable iuigiCBy Henry Williams, m Richard Morris.

r Esquire. The Marquess of . Henry Jones and

236 \ 236 / Occupation Road Angles, Lord | Stanley, and Richard Morris.

I Henry Williams.

240 Pasture Henry Williams, - - Richard Morris.

Esquire.

242 Arable Lord Stanley . - - Robert Owen.

246 Arable and Rock - The Marquess of Henry Jones - Heniy Jones.

246* Occupation Road - Angles,. The Marquess of m Lewis Thomas, Ro-

Angles, Lord bert Owen, and

Stanley, and Henry Williams, Richard Morris.

Esquire.

249 Arable Lord Stanley m — Robert Owen.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of 9 & 4 Vict. c. 89. c the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to exempt 6 until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight (hundred and forty-one Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and ' Villages from Liability to be rated as such in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property to the Relief of the Poor: And whereas the said Act hath been since continued by sundry i Acts until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand ' eight hundred and forty-seven, and, if Parliament be then f sitting, to the End of the then Session of Parliament, and it is ' expedient that the said Act be further continued:' Be it enacted

1847.

623

Stock in Trade Exemption. Cap. 77, 78 *

enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the first-mentioned Act shall Recited Act continue in force until the First Day of October in the Year ^J^PCOn" One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. mende°' &c *

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act jto amend an Act for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Registration, 4 Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies, it is amongst other things enacted, that on the complete Registration of any Company being certified in the Manner prescribed in the said Act it shall be lawful for such Company, amongst other things, to purchase and hold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Name of such Company, or of the Trustees or Trustee thereof, for the Purpose of occupying the same as a Place or Places of Business of the said Company, and also (but nevertheless with a Licence, general or special, for that Purpose, to be granted by the Committee of Privy Council for Trade first had and obtained,) such other Lands, 4 Tenements, and Hereditaments as the Nature of the Business of the Company may require: And whereas Doubts have in

certain Cases arisen as to the Meaning of the said Provision, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that further Provision should be made as to the granting of such Licences as aforesaid by the said Committee of Privy Council:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever any Company, having obtained a Certificate of complete Registration under the said Act, is desirous of purchasing or holding, taking on Lease, holding on Mortgage, or in any other Manner acquiring an Interest such as Bodies Politic or Corporate are by Law incapacitated from acquiring in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, other than such as it is under said Act entitled to purchase and hold, as a Place or Places of Business, it shall be lawful for such Company to make Application to the Lords of the said Committee of Privy Council for Trade for a Licence to purchase, take, or hold the same; and the Lords of the said Committee shall thereupon

7 & 8 Vict. c.no.

Any Company, haying obtained Certificate of complete Registration, being desirous of holding Lands, may apply to the Board of Trade for a Licence, who may, if they see fit, grant the same.

624

Accounts of Licences, Renewals, Extensions, Sec. to be annually laid before Parliament.

Licences granted before passing of this Act deemed valid and effectual for the Purposes therein expressed.

So much of recited Act as requires the Return to the Office for Registration of Joint Stock Companies of a Copy of every Prospectus, &c. repealed.

Cap. 78. Joint Stock Companies. 10 & 11 Vict.

take such Application into their Consideration, and may, if they see fit, grant a Licence to such Company accordingly; and in such Licence the Lords of the said Committee may either authorize such Company to purchase, take, and again let, sell, or otherwise dispose of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as may in the Licence be particularly described, and to hold the same for such Time as may be specified in such Licence, or in any Licence to be subsequently and from Time to Time granted by the said Committee of Privy Council for Trade on the Application of such Company, or may authorize them from Time to Time to acquire, dispose of, and again acquire such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as the Company may from Time to Time desire, or may authorize them to hold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments on Mortgage, and may frame such Licence in such Manner, and insert in the same such Conditions, as with reference to the special Circumstances of each Case they may deem expedient; and such Licence shall be held to confer upon such Company the Rights and Powers therein expressed to be given in respect of purchasing, holding, and disposing of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted, That there shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament in each Year, within Fourteen Days after the Commencement of the Session, an Account of the several Licences, and Renewals or Extensions of Licences, so granted by the Committee of the Privy Council for Trade, specifying the Nature and Extent of the Powers contained in each of such Licences, and of the Lands so authorized to be held, and also, in the Case of any Renewal or Extension of such Licences, an Account of the Extent of Land actually held by the Company at the Time of such Renewal or Extension, and the Counties within which such Lands are situate *

III. And whereas certain Licences have from Time to Time been granted by the Lords of the said Committee in e pursuance of the said Act be it enacted, That in case any Doubt arise as to the Effect thereof it shall be held that any Licence so granted before the passing of this Act is valid and effectual for the Purposes therein expressed, and shall be deemed sufficient Evidence that the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein described or referred to, or which have been purchased, taken, held, or disposed of under the Authority thereof, are such as the Nature of the Business of the Company requires.

IV. And whereas by the said recited Act the Promoters f of any Company formed for any Purpose within the Meaning

of the said Act are, amongst other things, required to i return to the Office for the Registration of Joint Stock Com-c panies a Copy of every Prospectus or Circular, Handbill or

Advertisement, or other such Document, at any Time addressed i to the Public, or to the Subscribers or others, relative to the ' Formation or Modification of such Company: And whereas the Registration of such Prospectuses and Advertisements has

been

1847.

625

Joint Stock Companies. Cap. 78.

been found to be very burdensome to the Promoters of such 6 Companies, and it is desirable to relieve such Promoters from ' the Necessity thereof, and in lieu thereof to substitute the Provisions herein-after contained; be it therefore enacted.

That so much of the said Act as is lastly herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it enacted, That in addition to the Particulars Certain addi-which the Promoters of every such Company as aforesaid are by ^re^lredto the said Act required to return to the said Office for the Regis- to°

tration of Joint Stock Companies, when and as from Time to the Office for Time they shall be decided on, such Promoters shall also return, and they are hereby required to return, to the said Office, the Compare *, following additional Particulars, so soon as the same shall be decided on; (that is to say,)

First. The Amount of the proposed Capital of the Company:

Second. The Amount and Number of the Shares into which the same is to be divided:

And if the said Company be dissolved, or be incorporated by Act of Parliament, or by Royal Charter or by the Queen's Letters Patent, or be in any way withdrawn or supposed to be withdrawn from the Operation of the said Act, the Promoters of the Company shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Registrar of Joint Stock Companies.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case of any Alteration being A1*er-madc in any of the Particulars registered by the Promoters of

any Company in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this registered, they Act, such Alteration shall forthwith be returned to the Registrar 8 be return-of Joint Stock Companies; and if such Return be not made ^r^undeM?^ within One Month after such Alteration has been made and Penalty, decided upon, any Promoter of the Company shall be liable to forfeit for each and every Alteration not returned as aforesaid any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Penalty on Pro-Promoters of any Company, or for any Person connected with any Company, at any Time before such Company has obtained fore complete

a Certificate of complete Registration under the said recited Act, Registration,

to issue or publish or in any Manner address or cause or suffer to be addressed to the Public, or to the Subscribers or others, statement at6

any Prospectus or Circular, Handbill or Advertisement, or other variance with such Document relative to the Formation or Modification of the ^undt^"

Company, containing any Statement at variance with the Par- rccited Act.

ticulars which may have been returned to the Registrar of

Joint Stock Companies under the said recited Act or this Act,

nor to issue, publish, or in any Manner address or cause or suffer to be addressed to the Public, or to the Subscribers or others,

any such Prospectus, Circular, Handbill, or Advertisement,

containing any Statements of Particulars which are by the said recited Act or by this Act directed to be returned to the Regisr

trar of Joint Stock Companies, until such Particulars have bqcx\

so returned; and if any Prospectus or Circular, Handbill or

Advertisement, be issued, published, or addressed to the Public,

R r 3 or

626

Penalties under this Act to be sued for as under recited Act.

Act may be amended, Ac *

5A6 Vict. c. 89.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 69 *

9AlO Vict. c. 4.

Cap. 78, 79. Joint Stock Companies. 10 & 11 Vict.

or to the Subscribers or others, contrary hereto, any Promoter of the Company shall be liable for each and every such Issue or Publication to forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Penalties imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as Penalties imposed by the said recited Act are therein directed to be sued for, recovered, and applied respectively.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to continue for a limited Time the Provisions for summary Proceedings contained in an Act of the last Session to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and for other Purposes; and to amend the said Act.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session held in the

Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland: And whereas the said Act was amended by an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Year? of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland; and also by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland, and to afford Facilities for increased Employment for the Labouring Classes in Works of Drainage during the present Year: And whereas by the last-mentioned Act, after referring to the Failure or Destruction of a Portion of the Potato Crop of the then last Year in Ireland, and to the Distress which might thereby prevail among the Labouring Classes in certain Districts, and to the Expediency of giving for Part of the then present Year increased Facilities for various Works of Utility connected with the Drainage and Improvement of Lands in such Districts, it was enacted and declared, that the Provisions therein-after contained should be called and deemed to be " Provisions for summary Proceedings " under the said Act, and that no Work should be undertaken or commenced under such Provisions for summary Proceedings as to the Execution of which Work the Assents of the Proprietors of Lands, as required by the Provisions of the said Act therein-before contained, should not have been

S'ven or obtained before the First Day of August in the Year ne thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and by the same

Cap. 79.

627

same Act it was therein-after provided, that the Commis-i sioners for the Execution of the same should, as therein men-c tioned, ascertain that the Assent in Writing of the Proprie-i tors, as defined in the said first-recited Act, with the Consent ' of the Tenants, if any, (as by the said Act required in that ' Behalf,) of more than One Half in Extent of the Lands to

be drained or improved, should have been given to the pro-c posed Works: And whereas, by reason of the Destruction of ' a large Portion of the Potato Crop of last Year in Ireland,

it is expedient, for the Purposes of affording increased Faci-

lities for Employment, to continue for a limited Time the aforesaid Provisions for summary Proceedings, amending the same as herein-after mentioned Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding any thing contained in the said last-mentioned Act it shall be lawful to commence or undertake, under the Provisions for summary Proceedings in the 6ame Act contained, any Works by such Provisions authorized as to the Execution of which Works the Assents of the Proprietors of Lands as required by the same Act (subject to the Provisions of this Act) shall be given or obtained at any Time before the Termination of Twelve Months from the passing of this Act, or before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, but no later; and that all the said Provisions for summary Proceedings shall be valid and effectual accordingly for the Purposes of Works to be commenced or undertaken under the Provisions of this present Act.

II. 4 And whereas under the Provisions of the first-recited ' Act and the Acts amending same, it was enacted, amongst other things, that where any Portion of Land proposed to be drained or improved by Drainage should, at the Time appointed for the giving such Assent as therein mentioned by the Pro-

prietors of the Land to the Execution of the proposed Works,

be in the actual Occupation of any Person under any Grant, 4 Lease, or Agreement in Writing for a Lease for a Life or

Lives, or for a Term of Years, whereof more than Fourteen

Years should be unexpired, the Consent in Writing of such ' Person should be necessary in order to give Validity to the Assent of the Proprietor in respect of the Lands comprised in

such Grant, Lease, or Agreement: And wThereas great Delay ' in consequence of such Provision has arisen in the Commencement of the Works under said Acts without any commensurate Advantage to the Parties interested, and in order to increase the Facilities for affording Employment it is expedient to amend the same be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in the said recited Acts or any of them contained, no Consent of any Person in the actual Occupation of any Land under any Grant, Lease, or Agreement in Writing for a Lease for a Life or Lives or for a Term of Years whereof more than Fourteen Years shall be unexpired to the Execution of the

Er 4 proposed

Provisions for summary Proceedings continued for One Tear, &c.

Assent of Proprietors valid without the Concurrence of Occupiers.

Where under recited Acts a free Grant of a Moiety or more of the Cost of any Navigation shall be made, the Residue of the Cost to be charged upon the Districts benefited, without previous Presentment.

Cap. 79.' Drainage of Lands (Ireland). 10 & 11 VICT

proposed Works under the Pro virions of the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall be necessary in order to give Validity to the Assent of the Proprietor in respect of the Lands comprised in such Grant, Lease, or Agreement.

III. And whereas by the said Act of the Ninth Year of Her Majesty's Reign it was also enacted, that in all Cases ' where for the Purposes of Navigation connected with Drainage (a free Grant of a Moiety or more of the Expence of making i or improving any such Navigation should be made under the (Authority of Parliament, and the other Moiety or Residue of the Expence of making or improving such Navigation should be raised or advanced by way of Loan under the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Acts, or of the Act now reciting, then such Moiety or Residue so raised or advanced ' should, with Interest from the Date of such Loan, be charged ' upon the District which by the Declaration to be made in such Case by the Commissioners in the said Act mentioned, under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, it should be declared would be benefited by the making or improving of such Navigation, and the several Baronies, Half Baronies,

and Townlands in such District, and should be repaid by and levied from such Baronies, Half Baronies, and Townlands in

the Proportions in which it should be so declared that such Baronies, Half Baronies, and Townlajids would be respectively

benefited, in One Sum, or by Instalments, under and subject to the several Provisions and Regulations in the said therein recited Acts or the Act now reciting contained in relation to the Levy and Recovery of any Sums which, under the final Award of the said Commissioners, should be payable by the Grand July of any County in respect of the Improvement of the Navigation of any River: And whereas it is expedient to explain and confirm the Provision last herein-before recited,

and to make such further Provisions as are herein-after contained be it enacted and declared, That notwithstanding any thing in the herein-before recited Acts contained, in all Cases where, for the Purposes of Navigation connected with Drainage, a free Grant of a Moiety or more of the Expences of making or improving any such Navigation shall be or shall have been made by the Authority of Parliament, and the other Moiety or Residue of the Expence of making or improving such Navigation shall be or shall have been raised or advanced by way of Loan, under the aforesaid Provisions, then such Moiety or Residue so raised or advanced shall, as by the last-recited Act provided, be charged upon the District therein mentioned, and the several Baronies, Half Baronies, and Townlands in such District, and shall be repaid by and levied from such Baronies, Half Baronies, and Townlands, as by the said Act provided, without any Declaration of the Justices and associated Ccss-payere, and without any Presentment previously made by the Grand Jury of the County or any of the Counties wherein such District as aforesaid shall be situate; and in all such Cases all Proceedings hitherto taken by or before the Commissioners for the Execution

of

629

Drainage of Lands (Ireland). Cap. 79, 80.

of the said Acts, under the said last-recited Provision, and all Loans, if any, made to them, and all Securities given by them for the same, under such Provision, shall be valid and effectual, notwithstanding any Omission or Defect as regards any such Declaration or Presentment as aforesaid.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Publication in the Dublin Publication in Gazette as by the said recited Acts directed of any final Notice heretofore given or hereafter to be given under the Provisions publication of and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, or final Notice, any of them, shall be deemed conclusive Evidence of the due Publication of such final Notice.

V. And be it enacted, That the eaid recited Acts and this Act *

Act shall be construed together as One Act, and the several nstn!«l L Words and Expressions to which an extended Signification is One Act. given in the said recited Acts, or any of them, shall have the like Signification in this Act.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amended*&c *

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session for facilitating the Employment of the labouring Poor in the distressed Districts in Ireland, so far as relates to Compensation for Damages.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to facilitate the Employ- D&io Vict. ment of the labouring Poor for a limited Period in the distressed c-107* Districts in Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to render io&ii Vict. valid certain Proceedings for the Relief of Distress in Ireland, c. 10. by Employment of the labouring Poor, and to indemnify those who have acted in such Proceedings: And whereas under the Provisions of the said Acts the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland were authorized to execute the Works therein provided to be executed for the Relief of the Poor, and for that Purpose, by themselves and their Officers and Persons employed by them, to take and acquire any Ground that might be necessary for the making of such Works, Satisfaction being rendered to the Proprietors or Occupiers in the Manner by the said first-recited Act provided: And whereas under the Provisions of the said recited Acts the Cost of executing such Works (save Works of Drainage and Subsoiling in the said secondly-recited Act mentioned) were-directed to be charged upon the respective Baronies, Half Baronies, Electoral Divisions, or Parts of Electoral Divisions,

Districts, Counties of Cities, or Counties of Towns, as the Case may be, for which such Works were presented, and to be levied in like Manner as Poor Rate, and it is expedient that the Compensation for Damages caused by taking of Land

for

630 Cap. 80. Compensation for Damages (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Grand Jury may postpone Traverses, &c. for Damages under the recited Acts not already tried to the Spring Assizes 1848.

for the Execution of such Works should be charged upon the same respective Places, and in the same Manner respectively:

And whereas, owing to the great Extent of the Failure of the Potato Crop, and the Number of such Works required to be executed for the Employment of the Poor, the Compensation claimed for Damages is likely to amount to a considerable Sum, and it is therefore expedient to make other Provision for the Levy and Payment thereof than is by the said first-recited Act provided, and to empower Grand Jurics, if they shall so think fit, to postpone such Levy and Payment for a limited Time Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, at the Summer Assizes of this Year, in Cases of Claims for Compensation for Damages to any Land or Premises taken or occupied for the Purpose of any Works under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, to postpone the making of Presentments in such Cases as to them shall seem expedient, from the said Summer Assizes to the Spring Assizes of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, at which last-mentioned Assizes it shall be lawful for the Grand Jury to make Presentment for such Damages in Cases where the Amount of the same shall have been determined on the Trial of Traverses at the said Summer Assizes pursuant to the said recited Acts, without further Notice or Trial, in the same Manner as such Presentments could be made at the said Summer Assizes; and in all other Cases of Claims for such Damages where Presentments shall not have been made as hereby last authorized, or at such Summer Assizes, or, in the Case of the County of Dublin at the Presenting Term of this Year (whether or not Application shall have been made for such Damages at such Summer Assizes or Presenting Term), it shall and may be lawful for the respective Persons claiming such Compensation for Damages to any Land or Premises in respect of which Certificates shall have been given by the proper Officers of the said Commissioners of Public Works, or the County Surveyor, as the Case may be, under the Provisions of the first-recited Act or this Act, upon giving such Notice as in the said first-recited Act required, to make any such Application to the Grand Jury, or to enter any such Traverse for Damages, and for the respective Grand Juries to present for such Damages at the Spring Assizes or Presenting Term, as the Case may be, of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, but not at any subsequent Assizes or Presenting Term, unless some Order of the Court shall be made at such Spring Assizes or Presenting Term for the Adjournment of any such Application, Traverse, or Presentment respectively, the Sums so presented to be paid, in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and such Applications, Traverses, or Presentments, and the several Matters relating to the same, shall be subject to

681

like Provisions as in the said first-recited Act contained as such Provisions are amended by this Act: Provided always, that the Claims of the several Parties interested in the same Premises, and claiming such Compensation, shall, so far as conveniently may be, be heard, considered, or tried together.

II. And be it enacted and declared, That Applications for Compensation as aforesaid, and Traverses for Damages, may be made, entered, or presented for in respect of Damages caused by the taking of Land for Works executed under the Provisions of the said secondly-recited Act (save Works of Drainage and Subsoiling as aforesaid) in like Manner as in the Case of Works executed under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act; provided that Certificates shall be obtained from the respective Officers of the said Commissioners of Public Works or the County Surveyor, as the Case may be, pursuant to the Provisions of the said first-recited Act as amended by this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That, any thing in the said first-recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding, any Certificate of the Amount of Damage sustained, or of other Matters in the said Act specified and therein required to be given, by the Officer or County Surveyor by whom any such Works shall have been or shall be executed, may be given by any Officer of the said Commissioners of Public Works by them appointed for that Purpose, and that in such Certificate the total estimated Amount of the Damage or Injury done to all Parties interested in the same Premises may be stated, the Officer making due Allowance in fixing such Amount for any Advantages conferred by such Work upon such Parties: Provided always, that nothing herein or in the said recited Acts contained shall be construed to prevent the Grand Jury, or any Jury before whom such Claim shall be tried upon a Traverse, from increasing or lessening the Amount of Compensation mentioned in such Certificate.

IV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of Presentments made at the Summer Assizes of this Year, or at any subsequent Assizes, or future Presenting Term, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money to any Person or Persons as the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Land, such Sum or Sums of Money shall be inserted in and levied under the Warrant of the Treasury, to be issued at the Time of issuing such Treasurer's Warrant for the Levy of Grand Jury Cess after such Assizes or Presenting Term; and such Sum or Sums, when the same shall be levied under such Warrant, shall be paid over to such respective Person or Persons entitled thereto.

V. And be it enacted, That any Sum of Money which shall have been presented at the said Summer Assizes of this Year, or which shall hereafter be presented at any Assizes or Presenting Term, for such Damages to be paid to any Person or Persons other than the Occupier of any Land, shall not be levied or inserted in the Treasurer's Warrant for such Levy until after the Summer Assizes or Presenting Term of the Yeir One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and in all J Cases

Provisions as to Compensation for Damages to apply to Works under secondly, recited Act.

Certificates from Officers of the Board of Works.

The Amount of Damages pre sen ted to be paid to Occupiers shall be levied after the Assizes at which the Presentment is made.

Sums awarded for Damages to other Persons than Occupiers may be presented to be raised and paid after the Summer Assizes 1848 or by Ten Instalments.

Sums presented for Damages to be raised and levied off respective Baronies, &c. as Poor Rate.

Cap. 80. Compensation for Damages (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Cases of such Presentments to be made after the passing of this Act for such Damages to be paid to such Person or Persons other than Occupiers, it shall be lawful for the respective Grand Juries, if they shall so think fit, to present that the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons other than the Occupier either in One Sum or by any Number of Instalments not exceeding Ten, after the said Summer Assizes or Presenting Term of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and each succeeding Assizes or Time limited for the Payment of Grand Jury Cess, as the Case may be, till the same shall be fully raised and levied, and such Sum or Instalments shall be accordingly raised and levied, and shall, when so levied, be paid over to the Person or Persons so entitled.

VI. And be it enacted, That any such Sum of Money which shall have been or shall be presented at the said Summer Assizes of this Year, or at any subsequent Assizes, or which hereafter shall be presented at any Presenting Term, for Damages as aforesaid, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, shall be raised and levied off the Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, County of a City, or County of a Town, as the Case may be, upon which same shall be chargeable under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, and shall be levied under the Warrant of the Treasurer, which he is hereby required to issue, and shall be charged upon and applotted, raised, and levied upon and from the Occupiers of and other Persons rateable in respect of Lands and Hereditaments within such Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, County of a City, or County of a Town respectively, and rated under the then last preceding Rate or Rates made or from Time to Time made in respect of the same under the Provisions of an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and the several Acts amending the same, and shall be payable by the respective Rate-payers who, under the said last preceding Rate or Rates, shall have paid or contributed or been liable to pay or contribute Rate in respect of Property in such Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, County of a City, or County of a Town, according to the several Valuations and Proportions according to which respectively such last preceding Rate or Rates shall have been so made, charged upon, and payable by the Rate-payers in respect of such Land or Hereditaments respectively; and any such Sum of Money shall be applotted, assessed, and levied by the respective High Constable or Collector of Grand J ury Cess for or in such Barony, Half Barony, or Place, as a Poundage Assessment, equally upon the net annual Value of the several Lands and Hereditaments within such Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, or County of a City, or County of a Town respectively, rated as aforesaid, as such net annual Value shall have been stated in such last preceding Rate or

Valuation

1847. Compensation for Damages (Ireland). Cap. 80.

Valuation as aforesaid; and on Receipt of the respective County Treasurer's Warrant as aforesaid such High Constable or Collector is hereby authorized and required to levy the Money therein mentioned, and to give to the Parties paying the same separate Duplicate Receipts therefor, which shall not be subject to Stamp Duty; and such Money shall and may be collected and levied, sued for and recovered, by such and the same Ways and Means as any Grand Jury Cess, or the Money applotted on the several Persons liable to pay any Grand Jury Cess, or any Rate for the Relief of the destitute Poor, may be collected and levied, and with like Powers, Poundage, Authorities, and Privileges and Immunities to any such Collector as'in case of the levying of any Grand Jury Cess, or any Rate for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland; and the several Clauses, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities in the said first-recited Act contained with respect to the Monies to be raised and levied under the same, and the Collectors thereof, and their Powers, Proceedings, Securities, and Duties, and the obtaining Copies of Rates and Valuations, and any Penalty in respect of the same, and with respect to any Deduction to be made from any Rent in respect of any Assessment under the said Act, and also the several Provisions and Powers of the said Acts, for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, with respect to any such Deduction to be made from Rent or Tithe, shall be extended and applied to the Monies to be assessed, raised, or levied under the Provisions of this Act; and the several Words and Expressions to which an extended Meaning is given in the said first-recited Act shall include the like Significations in this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Judge at the Assizes or Presenting Term to certify undei; his Hand the Number of Days on which the Court at such Assizes or Presenting Term shall have been occupied in the hearing or trying of any such Traverses for Damages under the said recited Acts or either of them; and thereupon such Judge shall make out an Order under his Hand, directing the respective Treasurer of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or the Finance Committee in the Case of the County of Dublin, as the Case may be, to pay to the respective Clerk of the Crown for such respective County, County of a City, or County of a Town a Sum not exceeding the Rate of Three Guineas for each Day, and so in proportion for any Part of a Day, on which it shall appear by such Certificate that the Court was occupied in the hearing or trying of any such Traverses for Damages; and such Treasurer or Finance Committee, as the Case may be, is hereby authorized and required, out of any public Money in his or their Hands, forthwith to pay tp such Clerk of the Crown any such Sum of Money so ordered, and such Treasurer or Finance Committee shall be atto.wed the same in his or their Accounts; and the Grand Jury or such respective County, County of a City, or County of a Town shall, at such Assizes, or the next following Assizes

ill*- ' . 0r

633

Powers of Recovery.

Judge of Assize to certify the Number of Dmys on which the Court was occupied in trying Traverses for Damages under recited Acts, and to order the Treasurer to pay the Clerk of the Crown Three Guineas for each such Day.

No other Fees to be taken.

Interpretation as to the County of Dublin.

Act may be amended, &c.

2&SW. 4. c. 88. s. 52.

So much of recited Act as allows the Poll at Elections for Cities, Towns, or Boroughs in Ireland, to continue open until the Fifth Day repealed.

Period of Polling.

Cap. 80, 81. Compensation for Damages (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

or Presenting Term, as the Case may be, present all Sums so paid to the Clerk of the Crown, to be raised off the respective County, County of a City, or County of a Town, without any previous Application to Presentment Sessions; and it shall not be lawful for any Clerk of the Crown, Crier, or Officer of the Court to demand or take any Fee for or in respect of any such Traverse for Damages, or Presentment of the same, under the said recited Acts or either of them, other than is herein-before provided.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act, in the Case of the County of Dublin, unless the Context and the Nature of the Case shall require a different Construction, the Word " Assizes" shall include the Presenting Term; the Word " Treasurer" shall include the Finance Committee; and the Periods for the Levy and Payment of Monies under this Act shall, as regards the said County, be deemed to be the respective Periods for the Levy and Payment of the respective Moieties of Grand Jury Cess in such County.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to limit the Time for taking the Poll at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Poll at all contested ' Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for ' Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, and Boroughs in ' Ireland, should be taken in One Day: And whereas by an Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend

the Representation of the People of Ireland, it is amongst other ' things enacted, that such Poll may continue open until the ' Fifth Day thereof: And whereas it is expedient to repeal so (much of the said recited Act as allows the Poll at such

Elections for Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, or ' Boroughs, so to continue open until the Fifth Day:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act so much of the said recited Act or any other Act as allows the Poll at such Elections for Counties of Cities, Counties of Towns, or Boroughs in Ireland to continue open until the Fifth Day of the Poll be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That at every contested Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for any County of a City, County of a Town, or Borough in Ireland the Polling

shall

1847.

685

PaUing at Elections (Ireland). Cap. 81 *

shall commence at Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon of the Day next bat one alter the Day fixed for the Election, and the Polling shall continue during such One Day only, and no Poll shall be kept open later than Five of the Clock in the Afternoon: Provided always, that when such Day next but one after the Day fixed for the Election shall be Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, then, in the Case it be Sunday, the Poll shall be on the Monday next following; and in the Case it be Good Friday, then on the Saturday next following; and in the Case it be Christmas Day, then on the next following Day, if the same shall not be Sunday, and if it be Sunday on the next following Monday: Provided also, that if the Day next following the Day fixed for the Election be a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, such Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day shall not be counted, but the Day of Polling shall be postponed, so that One Day over and above such Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day shall intervene between the Day fixed for the Election and the Day of Polling.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers of every such County of a City, County of a Town, or Borough, and he and they are hereby required, to provide so many Booths or Polling Places for such County of a City, County of a Town, or Borough in convenient Parts of the same as may be necessary, and to make such a Division or Divisions of the Voters that it shall not be necessary for more than One hundred and twenty Voters, as the same shall appear on the Registry of Persons entitled to vote, to poll in any One Booth or Place of Polling, and making such Division of Voters according to the First Letter of their Names, when the Number of registered Voters whose Surnames shall begin with the same Letter of the Alphabet shall not exceed One hundred and twenty, and when the Number shall exceed One hundred and twenty, then as nearly as may be in alphabetical Order, according to the First, Second, and other Letters of their Names; and so also that the several Booths or Polling Places for Voters whose Surnames begin with the same Letter shall be as near as conveniently may be to one another; provided nevertheless, that all Voters who shall have the same Surname shall be obliged to vote in the same Place of Polling, even although their Number shall exceed One hundred and twenty; and which said Booths or Polling Places shall be provided at the equal Expence of the several Candidates, and the same shall be erected or provided by Contract with the Candidates, if they shall think fit to make such Contract, or if they shall not make such Contract then the same shall be provided or erected by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer or Officers at the Expence of the several Candidates as aforesaid, who shall be liable each to pay his own Proportion thereof, the Expence of each such Booth or Polling Place not to exceed the Sum of Three Pounds if in a public Building, and not to excefed the Sum of Five Pounds if not in a public Building; and it shall be lawful for such Returning Officer or

Officers

Returning Officer to provide so many Booths that not more than One hundred Voters shall poll in any Booth.

If m Vote be objected to, Poll not to be delayed, but written Objec* tion to be handed in within a reasonable Time.

Public Notice of the Booths to be given.

Cap. 81. Polling at Elections (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Officers and he and they are hereby required to appoint as many Deputies and Poll Clerks as shall be necessary to take the Poll in such Places of Polling, not exceeding One Deputy or One Poll Clerk for each Place of Polling; and the Clerk of the Peace shall appoint, or on Failure thereof the Returning Officer or Officers shall appoint, a Deputy Clerk of the Peace, and likewise an Assistant to such Deputy, to be present in each Booth or Polling Place, who shall take with him into such Polling Place all the original Affidavits and Affirmations which have been made by the Persons capable of voting in such Place of Polling respectively, and which said Deputies, Clerks, and Assistants shall be paid the Sums following for taking the Poll at the said Election; that is to say, each Deputy Sheriff Two Guineas, his Clerk One Guinea; each Deputy Clerk of the Peace Ten Shillings, his Clerk or Assistant Five Shillings; the said several Payments to be made by the Sheriff or other Returning Officer, who shall be entitled to receive the same from the several Candidates, who shall be liable each to pay his own Proportion or Share thereof.

IV. And be it enacted, That if the Vote of any Person shall be objected to by an Inspector of any Candidate the Poll shall not on that Account be delayed, but the Returning Officer's Deputy shall direct the Poll Clerk to enter a Memorandum on the Poll Books, showing to which Candidate or Candidates such Person has given his Vote, and that an Objection has been made to such Vote, and he shall, without waiting for a written Memorandum of such Objection, immediately proceed to receive the Vote of the next Person who shall tender his Vote or offer to poll; and the Inspector who shall have made such Objection shall, either before the Close of the Poll on the Day on which such Objection shall have been made or within One Hour afterwards, cause to be delivered to the Sheriff or other Returning Officer or his Assessor at his Booth a Memorandum of such Objection in the Form now by Law required, and if such Memorandum shall not be delivered within such Time the same shall not be afterwards received, but such Objection shall be overruled and the Vote so objected to allowed; and in case the Objection taken to any Voter shall be in consequence of any alleged Defect in the Certificate produced by him, or such as requires the Production thereof before the Sheriff or his Assessor, it shall be necessary for the Inspector making such Objection to apprize the Voter and the Returning Officer's Deputy at the Time of making the same that such Certificate is required, and thereupon the Returning Officer's Deputy shall enter in the Poll Book a Memorandum to that Effect, and in such Case the said Deputy shall retain such Certificate, and transmit the same to the Sheriff or Returning Officer, to be by him retained till such Objection is disposed of, and then to be returned by the said Sheriff or Returning Officer to the Voter or some Person on his Behalf.

V. And be it enacted, That before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock on the Day next before the Day fixed for taking

the

637

1847. Polling'at Elections (Ireland). Cap. 81.

the Poll at any such ^Election the Returning Officer or Officers shall give public Notice, by Placards or otherwise, of the Number and Situation of the Booths or Polling Places, and of the Division of Voters to poll therein respectively, and shall also, at the Request of any Candidate or his Agent, furnish to such Candidate or Agent a written or printed List or Statement of the same.

VI. And be it enacted, That in case it shall appear to the Continuance of

Returning Officer, on his own View or on the Evidence of Two t*1 p<?n on the or more credible Witnesses taken upon Oath, and which Oath

the Returning Officer is hereby empowered to administer, that the taking of the Poll at any Booth or Polling Place shall have been obstructed by any Riot or open Violence, so that any Persons intending to offer themselves to poll at such Booth or Polling Place shall be unable to do so within the Time hereby limited for taking the Poll, or that any Persons intending to offer themselves to poll in such Booth or Polling Place have been by Force or Violence prevented from so doing within the Time hereby limited for taking the Poll, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for the Returning Officer, and he is hereby required to keep such Booth or Polling Place open for another Day within the Hours herein-before mentioned, and so on from Day to Day, if such Force or Violence be repeated and be found to have taken place, upon such Evidence as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Returning Officer: Provided always, that if on any such Second or other subsequent Day of Polling One Half Hour previously to the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Afternoon shall have elapsed without any Voter authorized to vote in such Booth or Polling Place tendering his Vote, then the Poll in such Booth or Polling Place shall be finally closed: Provided also, that nothing herein shall be taken to authorize a Continuance of the polling on a Sunday,

Good Friday, or Christmas Day, but in every Case in which the Day on which the Continuance of the Poll as aforesaid would otherwise be had shall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, that Hay or Days shall be passed over, and the following shall be the Hay when the Poll shall be continued.

VII. And be it enacted, That at the Close of the Poll in each On the Close Booth or Polling Place on the First Polling Day, and on any ^a^, jnP subsequent Day on which the Poll shall be continued as afore- Uons'ufvotc*^* said in any Booth or Polling Place, the Poll Clerk shall deliver to 6e disposed the Poll Book of such Booth or Polling Place to the Return- °*'by the Re-ing Officer or Officers, and such Returning Officer or Officers, turmns , cer' or his or their Assessor, shall on the Evening of such Day, and,

if necessary, on the following Day or Days, dispose of all Objections to Votes that shall not have been previously disposed of, and shall proceed in so doing from the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon until the Hour of Ten of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which the Poll shall so close, and from the Hour of Eight of the Clock in the Forenoon until the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, and from

638

In case of Personation, Vote may be taken off the Poll.

As to Continuance of Laws now ill force as to Elections.

Not to affect Elections for the University of Dublin.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 81, 82. Polling at Elections (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Seven of the Clock until Ten of the Clock in the Afternoon of the following Day or Days, so far as shall be necessary, until all Objections to Votes not previously disposed of shall have been disposed of, when the Returning Officer or Officers shall finally declare the State of the Poll: Provided that in every Case in which the Day on which such Disposal of Objections would otherwise be continued shall happen to be a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, that Day or Days shall be passed over, and the following Day shall be the Day on which such Disposal of Objections shall be continued.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall be admitted to poll at any such Election who has personated another Elector for the Purpose of polling at such Election, upon Complaint made by any Candidate or his Agent, and supported by an Affidavit at or at any Time before the opening of the Returning Officer's Booth, on the Day following the Close of the Poll in any Booth or Polling Place in which such Person shall have polled, unless the State of the Poll shall previously have been finally declared, it shall be lawful for the Returning Officer or Officers and he and they are hereby required and empowered to take the Vote of such Person off the Poll: Provided always, that the Act complained of as having been committed by such Person be set forth and described, and positively declared to have been committed by such Person, in such Affidavit as aforesaid, to be sworn before a Justice of the Peace, and that such Affidavit be delivered to the Returning Officer or Officers; and further, that the Act complained of shall appear to the Returning Officer or Officers upon a due Examination of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses concerning the same, upon his or their Oaths, to be proved to have been committed by such Person, which Oath or Oaths the Returning Officer or Officers is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer.

IX. And be it enacted, That all the Laws now in force as to the taking of the Poll at any such Election shall continue in force, save so far as they or any of them are repealed or altered by this Act.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to or in anywise affect the Election of any Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the University of Dublin, or to the Polling at any such Election.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for the more speedy Trial and Punishment of Juvenile Offenders.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS, in order in certain Cases to ensure the more speedy Trial of Juvenile Offenders, and to avoid the Evils of their long Imprisonment previously to Trial, it is expedient to allow of such Offenders being proceeded against

1847.]uvenile Offenders. Cap. 82.

6S9

in a more summary Maimer than is now by Law provided, and ' to give further Power to bail them Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person who shall, subsequently to the Persons not passing of this Act, be charged with having committed or having attempted to commit, or with having been an Aider, Age commit-Abettor, Counsellor, or Procurer in the Commission of any ting certain Offence which now is or hereafter shall or may be by Law deemed or declared to be Simple Larceny, or punishable as ^ntictedb/ Simple Larceny, and whose Age at the Period of the Commis- Two Justices, sion or attempted Commission of such Offence shall not, in the Opinion of the Justices before whom he or she shall be brought or appear as herein-after mentioned, exceed the Age of Fourteen Years, shall, upon Conviction thereof, upon his own Confession or upon Proof, before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, Borough, Liberty, or Place in Petty Sessions assembled, at the usual Place, and in open Court, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within the Jurisdiction of such Justices, there to be imprisoned, with or without hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or, in the Discretion of such Justices, shall forfeit and pay such Sum, not exceeding Three Pounds, as the said Justices shall adjudge, or, if a Male, shall be once privately whipped, either instead of or in addition to such Imprisonment, or Imprisonment with hard Labour; and the said Justices shall from Time to Time appoint some fit and proper Person, being a Constable, to inflict the said Punishment of Whipping when so ordered to be inflicted out of Prison:

Provided always, that if such Justices upon the Hearing of Justices may any such Case shall deem the Offence not to be proved, or that Aeowedtf they it is not expedient to inflict any Punishment, they shall dismiss deem it expe-the Party charged, on finding Surety or Sureties for his future dion not to good Behaviour, or without such Sureties, and then make out p^ynt and deliver to the Party charged a Certificate under the Hands of such Justices stating the Fact of such Dismissal, and Such Certificate shall and may be in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule hereto annexed in that Behalf: Provided also, that if such Justices shall be of opinion, before the Person charged shall have made his or her Defence, that the Charge is from any Circumstance a fit Subject for Prosecution by Indictment, or if the Person charged shall, upon being called upon to answer the Charge, object to the Case being summarily disposed of under the Provisions of this Act, such Justices shall, instead of summarily adjudicating thereupon, deal with the Case in all respects as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And be it enacted, That any Two or more Justices of Power to Ju»- the Peace for any County, Riding, Division, Borough, Liberty, a^determLe or Place in Petty Sessions assembled, and in open Court, before whom any such Person as aforesaid charged with any Offence made punishable under this Act shall be brought or appear, are

One Magistrate may, in certain Cases, perform Acts usually done by Taro.

Proceedings under this Act a Bar to further Proceedings.

Mode of compelling the Appearance of Persons punishable ou summary Conviction.

Power to One Justice to remand and take Bail.

Application of Fines.

Cap. 82. Jttvenik Offenders. 10 & 11 Vict.

hereby authorized to hear and determine the Case under the Provisions of this Act: Provided always* that any Magistrate of the Police Courts of the Metropolis sitting at any such Police Court, and any Stipendiary Magistrate sitting in open Court, having by Law the Power to do Acts usually required to be done by Two or more Justices of the Peace, shall and may within their respective Jurisdictions hear and determine every Charge under this Act, and exercise all the Powers herein contained, in like Manner and as fully and effectually as Two or more Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions assembled as aforesaid can or may do by virtue of the Provisions in this Act contained.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall have obtained such Certificate of Dismissal as aforesaid, and every Person who shall have been convicted under the Authority of this Act, shall be released from all further or other Proceedings for the same Cause.

IV. And for the more effectual Prosecution of Offences punishable upon summary Conviction by virtue of this Act, be it enacted, That where any Person whose Age is alleged not to exceed Fourteen Years shall be charged with any such Offence on the Oath of a credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace, such Justice may issue his Summons or Warrant to summon or to apprehend the Person so charged to appear before any Two Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions assembled as aforesaid at a Time and Place to be named in such Summons or Warrant.

V. And be it enacted, That any Justice or Justices of the Peace, if he or they shall think fit, may remand for further Examination or for Trial, or suffer to go at large upon his or her finding sufficient Surety or Sureties, any such Person as aforesaid charged before him or them with any such Offence as aforesaid; and every such Surety shall be bound by Recognizance to be conditioned for the Appearance of such Person before the same or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace for further Examination, or for Trial before Two or more Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions assembled as aforesaid, or for Trial at some Superior Court, as the Case may be; and every such Recognizance may be enlarged from Time to Time by any such Justice or Justices to such further Time as he or they shall appoint; and every such Recognizance which shall not be enlarged shall be discharged without Fee or Reward, when the Party shall have appeared according to the Condition thereof.

YL And be it enacted, That every Fine imposed by any Justices under the Authority of this Act shall be paid to the Clerk to the convicting Justices, and shall be by him paid over to the Use of the general County Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a general County Rate, for the County, Riding, Division, Borough, Liberty, Franchise, City, Town, or Place in which the Offence in respect of which such Fine shall be imposed may have been committed.

1847.]uvenile Offenders. Cup. 82. 641

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Jus- A*-to the «um-tice of the Peace by Summons to require the Attendance of any ^ttSdeoce at Person as a Witness upon the Hearing of any Case before Two Witnew. Justices, under the Authority of this Act, at a Time and Place

to be named in such Summons; and such Justice may require and bind by Recognizance all Persons whom he may consider necessary to be examined touching the Matter of such Charge to attend at the Time and Place to be appointed by (him, and then and there to give Evidence upon the Hearing of such Charge; and in case any Person bo summoned or required or bound as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to attend in pursuance of such Summons or Recognizance, then upon Proof being first given of such Person's having been duly summoned as herein-after mentioned, or bound by Recognizance as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Justices before whom any such Person ought to have attended to issue their Warrant to compel his Appearance as a Witness.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Summons issued under Service oi the Authority of this Act may be served by delivering a Copy SumraoD6* of the Summons to the Party, or by delivering a Copy of the Summons to some Inmate at such Party's usual Place of Abode,

and every Person so required, by any Writing under the Hand or Hands of any Justice or Justices, to attend and give Evidence as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been duly summoned.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Justices before whom any Form of Con-Person shall be summarily convicted of any such Offence as ^ct, on« herein-before mentioned may cause the Conviction to be drawn

up in the Form of Words set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect, which Conviction shall be good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes.

X. And be it enacted, That no such Conviction shall be No Certiorari, quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari or &c' otherwise into any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Record;

and no Warrant of Commitment shall be held void by reason of any Defect therein, provided it be therein alleged that the Party has been convicted, and there be a good and valid Conviction to sustain the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Justices of the Peace before Convictions to whom any Person shall be convicted under the Provisions of

this Act shall forthwith thereafter transmit the Conviction and sessions. Recognizances to the Clerk of the Peace for the County,

Borough, Liberty, or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, there to be kept by the proper Officer among the Records of the Court of General Quarter Sessions of the Peace; and the Baid Clerk of the Peace shall transmit to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a monthly Return of the Names, Offences, and Punishments mentioned in the Convictions, with such other Particulars as may from Time to Time be required.

XII. And be it enacted, That no Conviction under the No Forfeiture Authority of this Act shall be attended with any Forfeiture, "P0*1 Convic-

- tions under

Ss 3

but

642

Art, but presiding Justices may order Restitution of Property.

Recovery of Penalties.

Expences of Prosecutions how to be paid.

Cap. 82. Juvenile Offender*. 10 & 11 VICT,

but whenever any Person shall be deemed guilty under the Provisions of this Act it shall be lawful for the presiding Justices to order Restitution of the Property in respect of which such Offence shall have been committed to the Owner thereof or his Representatives, and if such Property shall not then be forthcoming, the same Justices, whether they award Punishment or dismiss the Complaint, may inquire into and ascertain the Value thereof in Money, and if they think proper order Payment of such Sum of Money to the true Owner, by the Person or Persons convicted, either at one Time or by Instalments at such Periods as the Court may deem reasonable, and the Party or Parties so ordered to pay shall be liable to be sued for the same as a Debt in any Court in which Debts may be by Law recovered, with Costs of Suit, according to the Practice of such Court.

XIII. And be it enacted, That whenever any Justices of the Peace shall adjudge any Offender to forfeit and pay a pecuniary Penalty under the Authority of this Act, and such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justices, if they shall deem it expedient, to appoint some future Day for the Payment of such Penalty, and to order the Offender to be detained in safe Custody until the Day so to be appointed, unless such Offender shall give Security to the Satisfaction of such Justices for his or her Appearance on such Day; and such Justices are hereby empowered to take such Security by way of Recognizance or otherwise, at their Discretion; and if at the Time so appointed such Penalty shall not be paid, it shall be lawful for the same or any other Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction within their Jurisdiction, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, reckoned from the Day of such Adjudication, such Imprisonment to cease on Payment of the said Penalty.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Justices in Petty Sessions assembled as aforesaid, before whom any Person shall be prosecuted or tried for any Offence cognizable under this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered, at their Discretion, at the Request of the Prosecutor or of any other Person who shall appear on Recognizance or Summons to prosecute or give Evidence against any Person accused of any such Offence, to order Payment to the Prosecutor and Witnesses for the Prosecution of such Sums of Money as to the Justices shall seem reasonable and sufficient to reimburse such Prosecutor and Witnesses for the Expences they shall have severally incurred in attending before the examining Magistrate, and in otherwise carrying on such Prosecution, and also to compensate them for their Trouble and Loss of Time therein, and to order Payment to the Constables and other Peace-Officers for the Apprehension and Detention of any Person or Persons so charged; and although no Conviction shall actually take place, it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order all or any of the Payments aforesaid when they shall be of opinion that the Parties or any of them have acted bond fide; and the

1:647. Juvenile Offenders. Cap. 82. 643

the Amount of Expences of attending before the examining Magistrate, and the Compensation for Trouble and Loss of Time therein, and the Allowances to the Constables and other Peace Officers for the Apprehension and Detention of the Offender, and the Allowances to be paid to the Prosecutor, Witnesses, and Constables for attending at the said Petty Sessions, shall be ascertained by and certified under the Hands of the Justices in such Petty Session assembled as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Amount of the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending any such Prosecution, to be allowed and mid as aforesaid, shall not in any one Case exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings: Provided also, that no Expences shall be allowed to Prosecutors,

Witnesses, and Constables exceeding the Sums allowed, according to a Scale of Fees and Allowances authorized and settled by the Justices of the Peace at Quarter Sessions assembled, according to the Statute in such Case made and provided with respect to preliminary Inquiries before Justices of the Peace in Cases of Felony.

XV. And be it enacted, That every such Order of Payment Orders for P«y-to any Prosecutor or other Person, after the Amount thereof how be shall have been certified by the Justices as aforesaid, shall be e* forthwith made out and delivered by the Clerk of the said Petty

Session unto such Prosecutor or other Person, upon such Clerk being paid for the same the Sum of Sixpence for every such Person, and no more, and, except in Cases herein-after provided for, shall be made upon the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division in which the Offence shall have been committed, or shall be supposed to have been committed, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Sight of every such Order, forthwith to pay to the Person named therein, or to any other Person duly authorized to receive the same on his or her Behalf, the Money in such Order mentioned, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts: Provided always, that no such Order shall be valid, nor shall such Treasurer pay any Money thereon, unless it shall have been framed and presented in such Form and under such Regulations as the Justices of the Peace in Quarter Sessions assembled shall from Time to Time direct.

XVI. And whereas Offences cognizable under this Act may Payment of

be committed in Liberties, Franchises, Cities, Towns, and CosuandEx-

Places which do not contribute to the Payment of any County

Rate, some of which raise a Rate in the Nature of a County Boroughs, &c. Rate, and others have neither any such Rate nor any Fund

applicable to similar Purposes, and it is just that such Liberties,

Franchises, Cities, Towns, and Places should be charged with (all Costs, Expences, and Compensations ordered by virtue of

this Act in respect of such Offences as aforesaid committed 1 or supposed to nave been committed therein respectively be it therefore enacted, That all Sums directed to be paid by virtue of this Act in respect of such Offences as aforesaid committed or supposed to have been committed in such Liberties, Franchises,

Cities, Towns, and Places shall be paid out of the Rate in the Nature of a County Rate, or out of any Fund applicable to

644

Proceedings against Persons acting under this Act.

Extent of Act.

Act may be amended, Ac.

Cap. 82. Juvenile Offenders. 10 & 11 Vict.

similar Purposes, where there is such a Bate or Fund, by the Treasurer or other Officer haying the Collection or Disbursement of such Bate or Fund, and whetfe there is no such Rate or Fund in such Liberties, Franchises, Cities, Towns, or Places, shall be paid out of the Bate or Fund for the Belief of the Poor of the Parish or Township, District or Precinct therein, where the Offence was committed or supposed to have been committed by the Overseers or other Officers having the Collection or Disbursement of such last-mentioned Bate or Fund; and the Order of Court shall in every such Case be directed to such Treasurer, Overseers, or other Officers respectively, instead of the Treasurer of the County, Riding, or Division, as the Case may require.

XVII. And for the Protection of Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, be it enacted, That all Actions and Prosecutions to be commenced against any Person for any thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County where the Fact was committed, and shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not otherwise; and Notice in Writing of such Action or Prosecution, and of the Cause thereof, shall be given to the Defendant One Calendar Month at least before the Commencement of the Action or Prosecution; and in any such Action or Prosecution the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and no Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made before such Action brought, or if a sufficient Sum of Money shall have been paid into Court after such Action brought by or on behalf of the Defendant; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue any such Action or Prosecution after Issue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover his full Costs as between Attorney and Client, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff in such Action, the Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial shall be shall certify his Approbation of the Action and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to Scotland or Ireland.

XIX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

SCHEDULE of Forms to which this Act refers.

Form of Certificate of Dismissal 1 We of Her Majesty's Justices of the

to wit ) Peace for the County of [or I, a Magistrate of the Police Court of as the Case may fe,] do

hereby

1847.]uvenile Offender» Cap. 82, 83. 645

hereby certify, That 6n the Day of in

the Year of our Lord at in the said County of M.N. was brought before us the said Justices [or

me the said Magistrate] charged with the following Offence,

(that is to say,) [here state briefly the Particulars of the Charge], and that we the said Justices [or I the said Magistrate] thereupon dismissed the said Charge. Given under our Hands [or my Hand] this Day of

Form of Conviction.

}Be it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and at in the County of [or Riding,

Division, Liberty, City, &c. as the Case may be,] A. O. is convicted before us, J.P. and Q. R., Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County [or Riding, , fyc. c.] [or me, S. T., a Magistrate of the Police Court of as the Case may

be'], for that he the said A. O. did [specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committed, as the Case may be, but without setting forth the Evidence], and we the said ./. P. and Q. R.

[or I the said S. T.] adjudge the said A. O. for his said Offence to be imprisoned in the [or to

be imprisoned in the and there kept to hard Labour

for the Space of ], [or we [or I] adjudge the said

A.O. for his said Offence to forfeit and pay ],

[here stale the Penalty actually imposed], and in default of immediate Paymetft of the said Sum, to be imprisoned in the [or to be imprisoned in the and there kept to hard

Labour] for the Space of unless the said Sum shall be sooner paid. Given under our Hands and Seals [or my Hand and Seal] the Day and Year first above mentioned.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for the Naturalization of Aliens.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by divers Acts, Statutes, or Ordinances

* enacted by the Legislatures of divers of Her Majesty's ' Colonies or Possessions abroad Provision hath been made for ' imparting to divers Aliens there resident the Privileges or ' some of the Privileges of Naturalization, to be exercised and ' enjoyed within the respective Limits of such Colonies and

Possessions respectively: And whereas Doubts have arisen as ' to the Competency of the said Legislatures to enact any such ' Laws, Statutes, or Ordinances, and as to the Validity of the same when so enacted, and it is expedient that such Doubts be ' removed:' Be it therefore and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Acte, Statutes, and Ordinances heretofore

made

All Acts, &c. of Colonial

Legislatures imparting Privileges of Naturalization valid.

All Laws, &c. hereafter made imparting Privileges of Naturalization valid, but subject to Confirmation or Disallowance by Her Majesty.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 66. not to extend to Colonies or Possessions abroad.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 83, 84. Naturalization of Aliens. 10 & 11 Yirr

made and enacted by the Legislatures of any of Her Majesty's Colonies and Possessions abroad for imparting to any Person or Persons the Privileges or any of the Privileges of Naturalization, to be by such Person or Persons exercised and enjoyed within the respective Limits of such Colonies or Possessions respectively, shall within such Limits have and be taken and reputed to have had from the Time of the Enactment thereof respectively all such and the same Force and Effect as doth by Law belong to any other Law, Statute, or Ordinance made or enacted by any such respective Legislatures.

II. And be it and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances which shall hereafter be made and enacted by the Legislatures of any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad for imparting to any Person or Persons the Privileges or any of the Privileges of Naturalization, to be by any such Person or Persons exercised and enjoyed within the Limits of any such Colonies and Possessions respectively, shall within such Limits have the Force and Authority of Law, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that all such Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances shall be made and enacted in such Manner and Form, and subject to and in conformity with all such Rules as now are or hereafter shall be in force in respect of other Laws, Statutes, or Ordinances enacted or to be enacted by any such Legislatures respectively, and shall and may be confirmed or disallowed by Her Majesty in such and the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules and Regulations as extend or as shall hereafter extend to the Confirmation or Disallowance of any other such Laws, Statutes, or Ordinances.

III. And whereas a certain Act was made and enacted in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Aliens: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Year of Her Majesty's Reign extends to and is in force in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroadnow it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said recited Act of the Seventh and Eighth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, or any Part of it, doth not extend to the said Colonies or Possessions, or to any of them.

IV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any other Act of this present Session of Parliament

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to make Provision for the Punishment of Vagrants and Persons offending against the Laws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for ' ' the Punishment of Beggars and Vagrants and Persons ' offending against the Laws in force for the Relief of the

destitute

1847.

647

Punishment of Vagrants (Ireland). Cap. 84.

destitute Poor in Ireland be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of So much of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual r^id^for Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, as provides for the Punish- the Punishment ment of Persons deserting and leaving their Wives or any Chil- of Persons de-dren whom such Persons may be liable to maintain, so that such Wvesand* Wives or Children should become destitute and be relieved in children re-the Workhouse of a Union, shall be repealed. pealed.

II. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall desert or Punishment of wilfully neglect to maintain his Wife or any Child whom he may Persons desert-be liable to maintain, so that such Wife or Child shall become neglecting to* destitute and be relieved in or out of the Workhouse of any maintain their Union in Ireland, shall on Conviction thereof before any Justice 'Jvives or Chil-of the Peace be committed to the Common Gaol or House of dren* Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person wandering abroad Punishment of and begging, or placing himself in any public Place, Street,

Highway, Court, or Passage to beg or gather Alms, or causing 0rbeggingin' or procuring or encouraging any Child or Children so to do, and public Places, every Person who, having been resident in any Union in Ireland, &c *

shall go from such Union to some other Union, or from one Electoral or Relief District to another Electoral or Relief District in Ireland, for the Purpose of obtaining Relief in such last^mentioned Union or District, shall on Conviction thereof before any Justice of the Peace, if such Justice shall think fit, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Monthl

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person whatsoever to apprehend any Person whom he shall find offending against this Act, and to take and convey such Offender as soon as may be reasonably practicable before any Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as is herein-before provided, or to deliver him to any Constable or other Peace Officer of the County or Place wherein he shall have been apprehended to be so taken and conveyed as aforesaid; and it shall be the Duty of every Constable or Peace Officer to take into his Custody every such Offender so delivered to him, and to take and convey such Offender before a Justice of the Peace as soon as may be reasonably practicable, to be dealt with as is directed by this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon Proof that any Person hath committed any of the Offences herein-before mentioned, to issue his Warrant to apprehend such Offender, and to bring him before the same or some other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with as is directed by this Act.

Power to apprehend Persons offending against this Act without Warrant.

Warrants may be issued for Apprehension of Persons.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form, &c.

Form of Coniction.

Conviction to be transmitted to uext Petty or Quarter Sessions.

Interpretation of Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 84. Punishment of Vagrants (Ireland). 10 & 11 VICT.

VI. And be it enacted, That no Proceeding by or before any Justice of the Peace under the Provisions of this Act shall be quashed for Want of Form, or shall be removable into any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts by Writ of Certiorari; and every Conviction under this Act shall be in the Form or to the Effect following, or as near thereto as Circumstances will permit; (that is to say,)

1ft remembered, That on the Day

to wit. j of in the Year of our Lord

at in the County of A.B. is convicted

before me, C. D., one of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace

in and for the said County, of an Offence against the Statute

made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled " An Act to make Provision for the Punishment of Vagrants and Persons offending against the Laws in ' " force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland(that is to say,) for that the said A.B. on the Day

of at in the said County [here state

the Offence proved before the Magistrate], and for which said Offence the said A.B. is adjudged to be committed to the House of Correction at there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day, Year, and at the Place first above written. '

VII. And be it enacted, That the Justice of the Peace before whom any such Conviction shall take place shall transmit the same to the Petty Sessions then next ensuing to be holden for the Districtin which such Conviction shall have taken place, and if there shall be no such Petty Sessions then to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or Place, wherein such Conviction has taken place, there to be filed and kept on Record.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act every Word importing the Singular Number or Masculine Gender only shall, except where the Context excludes such Construction, be understood to include and shall be applied to several Persons, Matters, or Things as well as one Person, Matter, or Thing, and to Females as well as Males respectively; and that the Word Justice " shall be understood to include and extend to any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of a County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or of any City or Town Corporate; and that the Word Constable " shall be understood to include all Chief and other Constables and Subconstables appointed under any Act relating to the Constabulary Force of Ireland, or for the Regulation of the Police District of Dublin.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

Post Officev

Cap. 85,

649

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for giving further Facilities for the Transmission of Letters by Post, and for the regulating the Duties of Postage thereon, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act (for the Regulation of the Duties of Postage, it is enacted, that no Letter exceeding Sixteen Ounces in Weight shall be ' forwarded by the Post between Places within the United Kingdom, except as therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that such Enactment should be repealed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Enactment shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That in order to prevent Packets of an unwieldy Bulk or an inconvenient Size being transmitted by the Post it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or Times hereafter, by Warrant upder their Hands, to fix the maximum Weight of Letters to be sent by the Post, and from Time to Time to repeal or revoke such maximum Weight, wholly or in part, and declare any other Maximum of Weight in lieu thereof; and all Letters shall be forwarded, conveyed, and delivered by the Post in conformity with any such Warrant, and also in conformity with and under and subject to all such Orders, Conditions, Limitations, Regulations, and Restrictions as to the Form, Size, or Dimensions thereof, whether in proportion to the Weight or otherwise, as the Postmaster General, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall from Time to Time direct.

III. And be it enacted, That the Postmaster General may collect and receive the Foreign and Colonial Postage charged or chargeable on any Letters sent by the Post, and may also, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, require the Postage (British, Colonial, or Foreign,) of any Letters sent by the Post to be prepaid, either in Money or in Stamps (as he may think fit), on the same being put into the Post Office, and he may also, with such Consent, abolish or restrict the Pre-payment in Money of Postage on Letters sent by the Post, either altogether or on certain Letters, and may require the Pre-payment thereof to be in Stamps, and may refuse to receive or send by the Post any Letters tendered contrary to any Regulations made under this Enactment.

IV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which the British Postage chargeable on any Letters sent by the Post shall exceed the Sum of One Penny, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Warrant under their Hands, to

reduce

So much of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 96. as enacts that no Letter exceeding Sixteen Ounces Weight shall be sent by Post, repealed.

Power to Treasury to fix maximum Weight of Letters to be sent by Post from Time to to Time.

Power to collect Foreign and Colonial Rates, and to require Prepayment of Postage in Money or Stamps.

Poster to Treasury to reduce British Postage.

Power to allow Writing or Marks, &c., in addition to the Direction, to be put on printed News* papers.

Repeal of Rekriction on Letters of Seamen, &c. liable to Foreign Postage.

Privilege to be enjoyed by them, but subject to Payment of Foreign Postage.

Receipts to be given for Post Letters, &c. at Expence of Persons requiring the same.

Dies to be provided by Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes.

Cap. 85. Ptet Office. 10 & 11 Vict.

reduce such Postage to any other Rate of Postage they may from Time to Time think fit.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General, if he shall think fit (with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury), to allow any printed Words, Writing, or Marks (in addition to the Direction) to be put on any printed Newspapers or other printed Papers sent by the Post, or on the Covers thereof; and any such Newspapers or other printed Papers shall from thenceforth be forwarded either free of Postage, or subject to such Rates of Postage as the Postmaster General, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall from Time to Time direct

VI. And be it enacted, That the Enactment in the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty contained, that the Privilege thereby given to Seamen and Soldiers shall not extend to any Letters liable to any Foreign Rates of Postage, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Privilege given to Seamen and Soldiers by the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty shall be enjoyed by such Seamen and Soldiers, whether any such Letters shall be liable to any Foreign Postage or not, but subject to the Payment of the Foreign Postage, if any be chargeable thereon.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General (if he shall think fit) to direct, that in case a Receipt for any Letters brought to the Post Office to be forwarded by the Post shall be required, a printed or written Receipt shall be given for the same, in such Form as the Postmaster General shall appoint, at the Expence of the Person requiring the same; and the Charge for such Receipt shall be fixed at such Amount, and shall be collected or paid at such Time and in such Manner, whether in Stamps or in Money, as the Postmaster General, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall from Time to Time direct; and the Letters for which such Receipts may be required shall be delivered to the Post Office, and shall also be delivered by the Post Office, under and subject to all such Regulations in every respect as the Postmaster General shall from Time to Time appoint; but the giving of such Receipts shall not render the Postmaster General or any Officer of the Post Office or the Post Office Revenue liable for the Loss of any such Letters or the Contents thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes shall from Time to Time provide proper and sufficient Dies and other Implements for expressing and denoting the Rates or Duties of Postage payable within the United Kingdom under this Act, or under any Warrant or Warrants issued by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury under the Provisions of this Act or the said recited Act, and also for expressing and denoting the Duties to be payable upon any such Receipts for Letters to be forwarded by the Post as aforesaid; and the Duties which shall be expressed or denoted by any such Dies shall be denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties, and shall be

651

1847.

Post Office.

Cap. 85.

be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes for the Time being; and so much of the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty as relates to the Stamp Duties arising under that Act shall, so far as the same may be applicable, and consistent with the Provisions of this Act, be applicable to the Stamp Duties arising under this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General and any Officer of the Post Office to detain any Letters which shall be posted or sent by the Post contrary to the Regulations of this Act or the said recited Act, or contrary to any Regulations made under the Authority of this Act or the said recited Act, or contrary to the Regulations of any Treasury Warrant which shall be issued under or by virtue of this Act, or which has been or shall be issued under or by virtue of the said recited Act, and to open such Letters, and either to return them to the Senders thereof, or to forward them to the Places of their Destination, charged in either Case with such Rates of Postage as the Postmaster General, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall from Time to Time direct.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commissioner of Bankrupts or any Court of Bankruptcy acting under any Fiat or Commission of Bankruptcy, in England or Ireland, to order that for a Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months from the Date of any such Order all Post Letters directed or addressed to any Bankrupt at the Place of which he shall be described in the Fiat or Commission awarded or issued against him shall be redirected, re-addressed, sent, or delivered by the Postmaster General, or the Officers acting under him, to the Official or other Assignee, or other Person named in such Order; and that upon Notice of any such Order to be given to the Postmaster General, or the Officers acting under him, by the Official or other Assignee, or other Person named in such Order, of the making of such Order, it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General or such Officers as aforesaid, in England or Ireland, to re-address, re-direct, send, or deliver all such Post Letters to the Official or other Assignee, or other Person named in such Order, accordingly; and such Commissioner or Court of Bankruptcy may, upon any Application to be made for that Purpose, renew any such Order for a like or any other less Period as often as may be necessary.

XII. And whereas Provision is made by the Post Office Laws for Payment of the Postage of Letters which have been refused, or which have been addressed to Persons who are

dead or cannot be found, by the Writers or Senders thereof;

and it is expedient to extend such Provision to rejected c Letters in certain Cases be it enacted, That in all Cases in which the Postage of any unstamped Letter shall not have been paid by the Sender thereof, and the Party to whom such Letter shall be addressed shall, upon receiving the same, and paying the Postage thereof, be desirous to reject such Letter, and to compel the Sender thereof to pay such Postage, it shall be lawful

Letters sent contrary to the Regulations of this or the recited Act may be detained.

Commissioners under any Fiat of Bankruptcy may order Letters addressed to the Bauk-rupt to be redirected or delivered to the Official Assignee.

Power to compel Senders to pay Postage of rejected Letters.

m

Post Office Stamps to be 'Evidence of Letters being rejected.

In Proceedings for Postage the apparent Writer to be deemed the Sender of a Letter.

Post Office Tax to be Evidence of Postage due.

Power to send Mails by Hail-ways in manner prescribed by 1 2 Vict. c. 98.

without a Guard.

Postage Duties to be Part of the Post Office Revenue.

Cap. Off}#. 10 & 11

lawful for the Postmaster General, upon Appliflattop ef tfce Party to whom any such Letter shall he addressed, and under such Regulations as the Postmaster General* ] with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall .think fit, to charge the Postage thereof to the .Sender of such Letter, and also the additional Postage, of returning the same to him, and in every such Case the Sender of such Letter shall pay the Postage of sending and also of returning the same; , Provided that nothing herein contained shall operate to release the Party to whom any such Letter shall be originally addressed from hi ^Liability to pay the Postage thereof upon the Delivery of such Letter to him.

XIII. And be it enacted, That upon any Trial or Hearing of any Action or Proceeding for the Recovery of any/Postage the Production of any Letter in respect of which such Postage shall be sought to be recovered, having thereupon a bPost Officeb Stamp denoting that such Letter had been refused oar rejected, or that the Party to whom any such Letter had been addressed was dead or could not be found, shall be primd facie Evidence of the Refusal or Rejection of such Letter, ! or that such Person was dead or could not be found, according to the Import and Meaning of the said Post Office Stamp thereupon* »

XIV. And be it enacted and declared, That- in any Suit 6r

other Proceeding for the Recovery of any Postage payable'under or by virtue of the Post Office Laws the Person from whomauy Letter in respect of* which any Postage shall be sought tb be recovered shall purport to have come shall be deemed to be the Sender thereof, and the Onus shall lie upon the Party proceeded against to prove that such Letter did not come from? and* Was not sent by him. 5 ' »

XV. And be it enacted, That In all Proceeding^ whatsoever for the Recovery of any Postage, either within the United Kingdom or within any of Her Majesty's Colonies, the Post Office Tax upon any Letter shall in all Cases be Evidence of the Liability of such Letter to be so taxed, and that the Sum so taxed thereupon Is payable as and for the Postage thereof.

XVI. And whereas by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways, Provision gs ' mode for the Transmission of the Mails by Railways; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Postmaster General to require^ in the Manner prescribed by the said last-mentioned Act, that any Mails and Post Letter Bags shall be conveyed and forwarded by any Railway Company on their Railway, under and pursuant to the said Act, notwithstanding any Guard or other Officer of tljie Post Office shall not be sent with the same or in charge, thereof, and sue!} Mails and Po§t Letter Bags shall be conveyed and forwarded by such Railway Company accordingly .;

XVII. And be it enacted, That all Monies paid to OfciflP" ceived by the Post Office for Rates or Duties of Postage.und|r

\, or

653

1347.

Post Office.

Cap. 85.

or by virtue of this Act, or for Receipts for Letters sent by the Post, shall form Part of the Revenue of the Post Office.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever the Warrant of Treasury War-the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury is required by this Act, such Warrant may be under the Hands of the Com- 81Com iwioners. missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them; and that whenever the Order, Consent, Authority, or Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury is prescribed by this Act, such Order, Consent, Authority, or Direction (not being by Warrant) may be signified either under the Hands of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, or under the Hand of One of their Secretaries or Assistant Secretaries.

XIX. And be it enacted, That any printed Copy of the London Gazette London Gazette purporting to be printed and published by the to be Evidence Person or Persons having Authority to print and publish the Varnnts7 same shall be admitted as Evidence by all Courts, Judges, Justices, and others, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, of

any Treasury Warrant which shall be issued under or by virtue of this Act, or which has been or shall be issued under or by virtue of the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, or of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Colonial Posts, or either of them, and contained in any such Gazette, and of the due issuing thereof, and of the Rates and Regulations contained in any such Warrant having been duly made and established, and of the other Contents of any such Warrant, without any further or other Proof of such Warrant.

[Interpretation * Act

XX. And be it enacted, That this present Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Post Office Act; and that the following Terms and Expressions, whenever used in this Act, or in any Treasury Warrant issued under or by virtue thereof, shall have the several Interpretations herein-after respectively set forth, unless such Interpretations are repugnant to the Subject Matter or inconsistent with the Context in which they may be found; (that is to say,) that the Term "by the Post" shall include the Conveyance by any Post established under the Authority or Control of the Postmaster General; and that the Term "Letter," as also the Term "Letters," used in this Act, shall be construed according to the Interpretation of the Term "Letter" contained in the said Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty; and that the Term "Railway," used in this Act and in the said Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, shall include every Railway already constructed or hereafter to be constructed under the Powers of any Act of Parliament; and that whenever the Term *Railway Company " or "Company of Proprietors" is used in this Act, or in the said last-mentioned Act, it shall be construed to extend to include the Proprietors for the Time being of any such last-mentioned Railway, and any Lessees or Tenants thereof; and that the several other Terms

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c.

10 & 11 Vict,

c. 2.

Time for importing Cora,

&c. in Vessels not British owned and navigated extended to 1st March 1848.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 85, 86. Navigation (No. 2.) 10 & 11 Viqt.

and Expressions used in this Act shall be construed according to the respective Interpretations contained or referred to in the said Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, so far as those Interpretations are not repugnant to the Subject or inconsistent with the Context of such Terms and Expressions.

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall come into operation on the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

XXII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered or repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to allow until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Importation of Corn, Maize, Rice, Grain, Potatoes, Meal, Flour, Biscuit, and certain other similar Articles, from any Country, in any Ships.

[22d July 1847.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to allow until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the Importation of Corn from any Country in Foreign Ships, it is enacted, that it shall be lawful, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, to import into the United Kingdom for Home Use, from any Country, in any Ship or Vessel of any Country, however navigated, certain Articles in the said Act enumerated: And whereas it is expedient that Permission so to import such c Articles should be given for a longer Period:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any Person, until the First Day of March which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, to import into the United Kingdom for Home Use, from any Country, in any Ship or Vessel, wherever built, however owned, and however navigated, any Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Buck Wheat, Buck Wheat Meal, Maize or Indian Com, Indian Com Meal, Rice, Rice Meal, Barley (Pot or Hulled), Mandioca Flour, Biscuit (not being Fancy Biscuit or Confectionary), or Potatoes, the Growth or Produce of any Country, any thing in the Law of Navigation to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session.

655

Recovery of Public Monies (Ireland)'. Cap. 87.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to facilitate the Recovery of Public Monies advanced for the Relief of Distress in Ireland by the Employment of the labouring Poor.

[22d 1847.]

1

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to facilitate the Employ-merit of the labouring Poor for a limited Period in the distressed Districts in Ireland, and by the said recited Act Provisions were made for the holding of Extraordinary Presentment Sessions in certain Districts in Ireland, and authorizing them to make Presentments for Public Works within the Districts for which such Sessions were held, and authorizing the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and also authorizing the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to advance Public Monies in the Manner in the said recited Act directed, for the Execution of such of the said Public Works or such Parts thereof as should be approved as in the said Act required, and providing that the said Commissioners of Public Works should cause the Execution of such Works; and it is by the said recited Act enacted, that the Monies from Time to Time to be advanced, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Act, by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for the Execution of any Works under the said Act, in any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, shall be repaid by Grand Jury Presentments, by half-yearly Instalments, not less than Four and not exceeding Twenty in Number, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct, with Interest at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and to be raised and levied in the Manner therein-after mentioned off the respective Baronies or Half Baronies, County of a City, or County of a Town in respect whereof the Works shall have been presented; and it is also thereby enacted, that any Sum of Money so to be raised and levied shall be charged upon and applotted, raised, and levied upon and from the Occupiers of and other Persons rateable in respect of Lands and Hereditaments within such Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town respectively, and rated under the then last preceding Rate or Rates made or from Time to Time made in respect of the same under the Provisions of an Act of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, and any Act amending the same, and shall be payable by the respective Rate-payers in manner in the said recited Act provided: And whereas an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to render valid certain Proceedings for the Relief of Distress in Ireland by Employment of the labouring Poor, and to indemnify those who have acted in such Proceedings, whereby, after reciting the said first-recited Act, and

9 & 10 Vict. c. 107.

1 & 2 Vict c. 56.

10 & 11 Vict.

C. 10.

<w *

The total Sums expended under recited Acta

Cap. 8?. Recovery of Public Monies (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict

+that by reason of the great Increase of Distress in Ireland it became necessary to provide further Means of employing the labouring Poor, and reciting that certain of the Proceedings had in relation to Presentments made at Sessions held under the said first-recited Act were not in strict Conformity with the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, it is amongst other things enacted, that such Proceedings should in certain Cases be made valid; and further, that Presentments made at Presentment Sessions after the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-six of Works, other than Works of Drainage and Subsoiling, to be executed in the several Electoral Divisions or Parts of Electoral Divisions within the Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town for which such Sessions shall have been held, should be rendered valid; and that any Sum of Money mentioned in any Presentment made at any such Sessions held after the Fifth Day of October then last, and before the passing of the said Act, or so much thereof as has been or shall be expended in or about the Works executed or to be executed under such Presentments, shall be charged upon the Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town for which such Sessions were held, or upon the Electoral Division, or Part thereof, situate within such Barony, Half Barony, County of a City, or County of a Town respectively, within which such Work shall have been or shall be executed, as shall be determined by the Commissioners of Public Works, by an Instrument under the Hands and Seals of any Two of them, subject to such Appeal to the Lord Lieutenant, and to such Determination of the Lord Lieutenant thereupon, as in the said Act is provided, and Provision is thereby made for levying such Monies accordingly: And whereas the Failure of the Potato Crop in Ireland was more general and caused a greater Amount of Destitution than was anticipated at the Time of the passing of the said first-recited Act, so that in consequence thereof Famine prevailed in many Parts of Ireland, and large Sums of Public Money have been advanced by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury under and for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and it is expedient that, save as herein-after provided, the Repayment of one Moiety of the said Public Monies advanced as aforesaid, and expended in

manner aforesaid for the Relief of such Distress, should, notwithstanding any thing in the said recited Acts, be remitted: And whereas it is also expedient to make further Provision for the Levy and Collection of the other Moiety of the said Sums so advanced and expended, with the Interest thereon, in manner herein-after mentioned * Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, shall, before the Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and in the Case of the County

184T'. JUcovertf df Public Monks (Ireland)* Cap. 8?.

County of Dublin before the Presenting Term of the said Year, ascertain and certify to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury the total Sums of Public Money advanced and expended within each County, County of a City, and County Of a Town in Ireland, in each Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, or District thereof, (as the Case may be,) in or about the Execution of Works under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, save and except Works of Drainage or Subsoiling, referred to and provided for in the said secondly-recited Act, and save and except also Railway Works and other Works (if any) of a private Nature, the Expences of which are to be provided for or payable by any Company, Person or Persons, and winch Expences are to be recovered under the Provisions of said recited Acts.

II. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of the total Sums so ascertained, and certified to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to have been expended under the Provisions of the said Acts or either of them, shall be deemed to be a Grant from the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall not be liable to be .repaid thereto, any thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted, That the other Moiety of the Sums so ascertained and certified, together with the Interest thereon, shall be repaid in the Manner herein-after mentioned, and for such Purpose the said Commissioners of Publio Works shall ascertain the Amount of the Interest at the Bate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on the Moiety of the Sums so ascertained and certified, calculating the same from the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven up to the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and shall add such Amount of Interest m each Case to the Moiety of the Principal Sums so ascertained and certified, and the compound Sums so made up shall be by them certified to the respective Secretaries of Grand Juries as herein-after mentioned.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that the compound Sums of Principal and Interest so ascertained os lost aforesaid should, ' with the Interest to accrue during their Repayment, be discharged and paid by equal Instalments by way of Annuity be it therefore enacted, That for every Sum of One hundred Pounds of each such compound Sum there shall be paid as herein-after provided an Annuity of Twelve Pounds, and so in proportion for any lesser Sum during the Period of Ten Years, and such Annuity shall be charged upon the Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, County of a City, or County of a Town, (as the Case may be,) in respect of which the said Commissioners, shall as herein-after provided certify the same to be due, and such Annuity shall be payable by Two Instalments each Year, One each Instalment at each successive Assizes, until Twenty Instalments shall have been paid, and the first of the same being

* ar

shall be ascertained by Commissioners of Public Works, and certified to the Treasury.

One Moiety of such Sums to be a free Grant from the Consolidated Fund.

The other Moiety, with Interest up to 1st March 1848, shall be ascertained, and certified to Secretaries of Grand Juries.

An Annuity of Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum to be paid for Ten Years, in Twenty Instalments, to repay Moiety with Interest.

Commissioners of Public Works shall issue a Certificate to each Secretary ofa Grand Jury at Spring Assizes 1848 of total Sum expended, the Moiety, with Interest, to be repaid, and the Annuity for 'Repayment of same.

Grand Jury at Spring Assizes 1848 shall present for the Moiety and Interest to be paid by Twenty Instalments, as specified in the Certificate.

Cap. 87. Recovery of PuhRc Monies (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

payable at the Summer Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight: Provided always, that in the Case of the County of Dublin such Instalments shall be payable at the successive Periods limited for the Payment of the respective Moieties of Grand Jury Cess for such County, the first of such Instalments being paid at the Period limited for the Payment of the first Moiety of such Grand Jury Cess after the Presenting Term of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; provided also, that the whole of any such compound Sum chargeable upon any Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, County of a City, or County of a Town, as the Case may be, may be paid off at One Payment, in any Case where the Grand Jury shall think fit to make a Presentment for that Purpose, as herein-after provided.

V. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners of Public Works shall, before the respective Spring Assizes in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and in the Case of the County of Dublin before the Presenting Term of the said Year, certify to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of each County, County of a City, and County of a Town within which any of the said Monies so ascertained and certified shall have been expended, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, the total Amount of the said Principal Monies expended within such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, the Moiety thereof repayable as aforesaid, with the Amount of Interest on such Moiety so calculated to the First of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and the Instalment of Annuity payable at each Assizes or such Period as aforesaid, in discharge of such compound Sum of Principal and Interest; and such Certificate shall be in such Form as the Commissioners of Public Works shall, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, think fit and suitable to the Circumstances of the Case, and shall have in a Schedule thereto annexed, and to be deemed a Part of the same, a Statement of the Proportion of such respective Sums of Money which shall so have been expended in, and the Moiety thereof, with Interest as aforesaid, and the Instalment of Annttfty as aforesaid, chargeable upon and payable by each or any Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, or District (as the Case may be) within such County, County of a City, or County of a Town; and such Certificate, and Schedule annexed thereto, shall be signed by Two or more of the said Commissioners, and a Copy thereof shall be furnished to the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland.

VI. And be it enacted, That each such Secretary of the Grand Jury shall lay such Certificate before the Grand Jury of the County, County of a City, or County of a Town to which the same shall relate, at the said Spring Assizes, or (in the Case of the County of Dublin) at the Presenting Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and it shall be lawful for each such Grand Jury, and they are respectively hereby required, without any Application to Presentment

Sessions,

1847.

659

Recovery of Public Monies (Ireland). Cap. 87.

Sessions, to present the total compound Sum of Principal and Interest specified in such Certificate to be payable as aforesaid by or out of such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or any Part thereof respectively, and that the same shall be discharged by the Payment of One such Instalment of Annuity as in such Certificate specified, at each of the next succeeding Assizes or Periods limited for the Payment of the Moieties of Grand Jury Cess as aforesaid, until Twenty such Instalments shall have been paid, each such Instalment of Annuity to be raised and levied off the respective Baronies,

Half Baronies, Electoral Divisions, Parts of Electoral Divisions, or Districts, as the Case may be, specified in such Certificate, in the several Proportions therein specified with respect to the same, or off the County of a City or County of a Town, as the Case may be; and in all such Cases, and also in case the Grand Jury of any such County, County of a City, or County of a Town shall fail to present the said Sums and Instalments as mentioned in such Certificate, the Treasurer of such County,

County of a City, or County of a Town, and (in the Case of the County of Dublin) the Finance Committee, shall and is and are hereby required, at the Time of issuing the Warrants for levying Grand Jury Cess after the said Spring Assizes or Presenting Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and after each succeeding Assizes or Presenting Term until Twenty such Instalments shall have been paid, without further Presentment or Authority, to insert the Amount of such Instalment or Instalments of Annuity in a separate Warrant to be by him or them issued for the Levy of the same, such Amount of Instalment to be raised and levied in the Manner and Proportions in the said Certificate specified as aforesaid; and such Proceeding by the Treasurer or Finance Committee shall, in default of such Presentment by Grand Jury, be as good and valid as if such Sums had been duly presented by such Grand Jury: Provided always, that in the Case of the County of Dublin the Finance Committee of the said County shall, in each such separate Warrant to be issued by them as aforesaid, insert the Amount of Two such Instalments, one Instalment to be levied within the Period limited for the Payment of One Moiety of Grand Jury Cess in such County after each Presenting Term, and the other Instalment within the Period limited for the Payment of the other Moiety of such Grand Jury Cess; provided also, that it shall be lawful for any such Grand Jury, when they shall so think fit, to present, as herein-after mentioned, that the whole of such compound Sum so charged upon or payable by any Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division,

District, County of a City, or County of a Town, as the Case may be, shall be paid in One Sum at the Assizes or Period limited as aforesaid next after the Assizes or Presenting Term, as the Case may be, at which such Presentment shall be made.

VII. And be it enacted, That any such Sum of Money to Each Inatal-be from Time to Time raised and levied off any Barony, Half

T t 4 Barony, raised and

<60

1 cried off respective Baronies, See. si Poor Rate.

Powers of Recovery.

Cap. 87. Recovery bf Public Matties (Irtht*ufy\0 & 11 Vrtf.

Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Divisk *, District, County of a City, or County of a Town as aforesaid* shall be charged upon and applotted, raised, and levied upon and from the Occupiers of and other Persons rateable in respect of Lands and Hereditaments within such Barony, Half Bardny, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, County of a City, or County of a Town respectively, and rated under the then last preceding Bate or Rates made or frail Time to Time made in respect of the same under the Proriaons of an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Beta of Her present Majesty, for the more effectual Relief of tht destitute Poor in Ireland, and the several Acts amending die same, and shall be payable by the respective Rate-payers who under the Baid last preceding Bate or Rates shall have paid or contributed or been liable to pay or contribute Rate in respect of Property in such Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Diristoti, Part of an Electoral Division, District, County of a CSty, or County of a; Town, according to the several Valuations and Proportions according to which respectively such last preceding Bate or Rates shall have been so made, charged upon, and payable by the Rate-payers in respect of such Land or Hereditaments respectively; and any such Sum of Money shall U applotted, assessed, and levied by the respective High Constable or Collector of Grand Jury Cess for or in such Barony Half Barony, or Place as aforesaid, as a Poundage Assessment equally upon the net annual Value of the several Lands and Hereditaments within such Barony, Half Barony, Electors! Division, Part of an Electoral Division, District, or County of a City, or County of a Town respectively rated as aforesaid, as such net annual Value shall have been stated in such tet preceding Rate or Valuation as aforesaid; and on Receipt of the respective County Treasurer's Warrant as aforesaid such High Constable or Collector is hereby authorized and required to levy the Money therein mentioned, and to give to the Parties paying the same separate Duplicate Receipts therefor, which shall not be subject to Stamp Duty; and such Money shall and may be collected and levied, sued for, and recovered by such and the same Ways and Means as any Grand Jury Cess, or the Money applotted on the several Persons Sable to pay any Grand Jury Cess, or any Rate for the ReKef of the destitute Poor, may be collected and levied, and within the same Times as any Grand Jury Cess, and with like Power *, Authorities, Immunities, and Privileges to any such Collector, as in case of the levying of any Grand Jury Cess or any Bate for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland; and the sCrund Clauses, Provisions, Powers, and Authorities in the said first-recited Act contained with respect to the Monies to be rtaed and levied under the same, and the Collectors thereof* and their Powers, Securities, Remunerations, Proceedings, sod Duties, and the obtaining Copies of Rates and Valuations, and any Penalty in respect of the same, and with respect to a Deduction to be made from any Hent it' ieepect of tajr Astas-

meat

m

184r*; f / Recovery of Public Monm (Ireland). s Cap. 87.,

ment under the said Act, and also the several Proykions and Powers of the said Acts for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland with respect to any such Deduction to be made from Rent or Tithe, shall be extended and applied to the Monies to be assessed, raised, or levied under the Provisions of this Act; and the several Words and Expressions tq which an extended Meaning is given in the said first-recited Act shall include the like Significations in this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Treasurer of each such

County, County of a City, or County of a Town, or the Finance Committee, (as the Case may be,) shall from Time to Time pay at each Assizes, and in the County of Dublin at the respective Times limited for paying in Grand Jury Cess, the Monies due in respect of each such Instalment of Annuity, to the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, on account of Repayments, under the said recited Acts and £ this Act, and by him shall be paid oyer to the said Consolidated Fund, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct.

IX. And be it enacted, That in any Case in which by reason of the Pendency of any Appeal from the Decision of the Commissioners of Public Works under the Provisions of the said secondly-recited Act, or for any other Reason, the said Commissioners may be prevented from giving their Certificate to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City, or County of a Town, before the said Spring Assizes or Presenting Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, or from including, in any such Certificate any particular. Portion or Portions of the Monies required to be presented by such Grand Jury, and levied within such County, County of a City, or County of a Town, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of them, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners in their Certificate, if any, to specify the particular Barony, Half Barony, Electoral Division, Part of an Electoral Division, or District, the Expenditure for which as aforesaid is not included therein, and their said Certificate shall nevertheless bq as good and valid for the Sums of Money contained therein as if it bad included all the Sums of Money which might have, been included therein as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, before the Summer Assizes or Presenting Term in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, or any subsequent Assizes or Presenting Term, to transmit to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of such County, County of , a City, or County of a Town, a supplemental Certificate, containing the Residue of the Sum or Sums of Money to be presented, raised, and levied therein under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or either of ithem, or an original Certificate for the whole of such Monies, jae the Case may be, but including therein Interest as aforesaid Sup fo the Time when puch Certificate respectively shall be

Sven; and such Certificate or supplemental Certificate shall > kid before such Grand Jury at such Assizes pr Presenting . ' Term,

/ . H

* (i '?

County Treasurer to pay Instalment of Annuity at each Assizes to Paymaster of Civil Services.

Supplemental Certificate in Cases where certain Baronies have not been included in previous Certificate.

Acts to be construed together. Act may be amended, &c.

Secretary at War to issue the Money required for Pay of Regular Militia.

Rates of Pay.

Cap. 87, 88. Recovery of Public Monies (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

Term, who shall present for the Monies specified in the same in manner herein-before provided, and the several Provisions herein-before contained shall apply and be extended to such Certificate or supplemental Certificate, and to the Monies specified therein, in like Manner as in the Case of any other Certificate under the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it enacted, That the said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia, in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland, and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Reduced Pay to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, while disembodied, and Allowances to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, 4 Quartermasters, and Serjeant Majors of the Regular Militia who have been or may be reduced, and to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters disabled after long Service:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Secretary at War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied), in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Regular Militia at the Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant, Eight Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant Major, having been Serjeant Major of a Provisional Battalion of Militia, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

i For

663

Militia Pay. Cap. 88.

For each Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies, One Shilling and Ten-pence per Diem:

For each Serjeant, having been a Colour Serjeant in One of the Provisional Battalions of Militia, Two Shillings per Diem:

For each Serjeant, One Shilling and Sixpence per Diem: Provided always, that when any Serjeant Major or Serjeant shall be absent on Furlough or Licence he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively;

And also for the Clothing of the Regular Militia (when disembodied), in Cases in which full Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, at the Rate of Five Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny for each Serjeant Major, and Three Pounds for each Serjeant, and so in proportion in the Cases in which only Part of the Clothing shall be provided by the Colonel or Commandant, together with the actual Expence of Package and Carriage, and such Charges for altering and fitting the Clothing as shall have been sanctioned by the Secretary at War: Provided always, that such Serjeant Majors and Serjeants as were serving on the Disembodied Staff on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, and shall be resident at Head Quarters, shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years; and that such as shall have been subsequently appointed to serve or promoted on the Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Four Years:

And also at the Rate of Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

II. And be it enacted, That, except when employed as herein-after provided, every Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary at War; and every such Adjutant and Non-commissioned Officer shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-after provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers at the same Time.

III. And be it enacted, That every Adjutant and Noncommissioned Officer of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, and not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine.

Rates of Pay when absent on Furlough.

Clothing.

Contingent

Fund.

Adjutant, &c. to reside where the Secretary at War shall appoint

Adjutants and Non-commissioned Officers of Militia may be employed in their Counties.

Adjutant to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing, and to issue the Money for contingent Expences on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Serjeant Major.

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay.

Allowances to Subaltern* and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons.

Cap. 88. Militia Pay. 10 & 11 YjCf-

IV. And be it enacted, That the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia shall have the Charge and Care of the Aran, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant, and shall, out of the Allowance of Sixpence pa Annum for each Private Man directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expences of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expences, upon an Order in Writing signed by the Colonel or other Commandant, and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money and of tk Expenditure thereof, showing the Balanoe remaining in hsi Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment. Battalion, or Corps to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money.

V. And be it enacted, That in the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or PI. where the Disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants shall be under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act u Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant; and tk said Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render tk same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of the Regujar Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the same Pay and Allowances as the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men of tk Militia when embodied.

VII. And whereas it is expedient to grant Allowances ' to certain Officers of the said Militia Forces of Great Britain and Ireland while disembodied, under certain Regulations; be it enacted, That the following Allowances shall be made and paid, to the Amount, under the Restrictions, and in the Manner herein-after expressed, to every Subaltern Officer and Stir-geon's Mate in Great Britain, and to every Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon in Ireland, who held a Commission in the Militia of Great Britain or Ireland, and was serving therein, when the Corps was last disembodied, and also to every Supernumerary Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of aiy Regiment of Militia in Ireland which was augmented duriag tk

. -I .; ii Wir,

IMTi

Militia Pay.

Cap. 88. (6ft

War, and which has been reduced to its original Establishment;

(that is to say,)

To a Lieutenant, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

, To an Ensign, Two Shillings per Diem:

And to a-Surgeon'* Mate or Assistant Surgeon, Two Shillings and Sixpence per Diem:

Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act all Officers Rank of certain of the Militia serving with the Bank of Captain Lieutenants officers* shall be deemed to be Lieutenants, and all Officers serving with the Bank of Second Lieutenants shall be deemed to be Ensigns; and that the Supernumerary Subalterns and Assistant Surgeons of Regiments of Militia in Ireland as aforesaid shall be deemed to have belonged to such Regiments when they were last disembodied, and to have continued to serve therein from that Time.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person Certain Persona

who is or shall during the Continuance of this Act become pos- to

sessed of such an Estate or Income as would by Law qualify A °"rances' him to hold the Commission of Captain of a Company in the

aaid Militia, or who is or shall be appointed Adjutant in any Pegimettt, Battalion, or Corps of Militia, nor any Officer on Pull Pay of the Navy, Army, or Marines, shall have or be in any way entitled to the said Allowances, or any Part or Share thereof.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Subaltern Officers, Sur- A Declaration

geons Mates, and Assistant SurgeonB of the Militia, who shall 10

claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of &nc>11* suc^eT^ the said Allowances, shall, previous to receiving the some, and Allowances, in order to entitle themselves thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some one of Her Majesty's Justices of the

Peace of the United Kingdom, or before some one of Her M^jfestyfe Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following;

{videlicet, }

J A'B* do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I belonged to Form of De-

the of Militia when the same was disem- claration *

bodied, and that I have continued to serve therein from that

Time until the Day of inclusive, as

i [Lieutenant, Ensign, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, as the Case may be]; and that I was not, in my own c Bight or in the Bight of my Wife, during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive my Allowance, (that

is to say,) from the Day of to

the Day of both inclusive, in the

actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of such an ' annual Value above Reprizes as would qualify me to hold a t Commission of Captain of a Company in the Militia; that'; I

a not in Holy Orders; that I have not during the abowe,

Period held the Appointment of Adjutant, Surgeon, Paymaster, or Quartermaster in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia; that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person.

for me hold or enjoy, during the said Period, any Place, .

Office,

Cap. 88.

Militia Pay.

10 & 11 Vict.

Secretary at War may place certain Officers unfit for Duty upon a retired Allowance, upon making the following Declaration.

Form of Declaration.

Allowances to Officers reduced in 1829.

A Declaration to be taken by Officers claiming the said Allowances.

Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under the

Crown or any other Government, besides the Allowance

of a Day now claimed, except my Half Pay

as a [of the Army or Navy or Marines, or

of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, at the

Case may be], and any Pay and Allowances from the 1 to the both Days inclusive, during

which Period the Corps was assembled for Training and Exercise. '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Subah tern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon claiming the Allowance.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to place any such Lieutenant, Ensign, and Surgeon's Mate of the Militia of Great Britain, or Subaltern Officer and Assistant Surgeon of the Militia of Ireland, when unfit for further Duty, upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of the Allowance granted on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination of the War; and all such Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowance, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

J do solemnly and sincerely declare,

(That I formerly served as a in the

Militia; that I am not in Holy Orders; and that from the c Day of to the Day

of I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, or

in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the

Seas, or under any other Government, besides my Allowance ' of per Diem as a of the said Militia,

f except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a . '

XI. And be it enacted, That the Allowances granted to certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on their being reduced, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, shall be issued and paid, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed, during the Continuance of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to place any such Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, when unfit for further Duty, upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of his reduced Allowance.

XII. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, and Quartermaster of Militia, who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowances, ' shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some o ne of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United King-<lom, or before some one of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy or Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

I A.B,

1847. Militia Pay. Cap. 88. 667

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving Form of De-

A as [Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster, as the Case claralion *

may be,] in the of Militia at the Reduction

of the Staff of the said Militia in One thousand eight hundred

and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during

any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, (that is to say,) from the Day

of One thousand eight hundred and

to the Day of One thousand eight hundred and; and that I did not hold or enjoy,

nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit,

Civil or Military, under the Crown or any other Government,

besides the Allowance of a Day now claimed,

except my Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy

or Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the

Militia, as the Case may be], and except my Pay and Allowances from the to the both Days

inclusive, during which Period the Militia was

assembled for Training and Exercise. '

"Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster claiming the Allowance:

Provided always, that any Paymaster, Surgeon, or Quartermaster receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

XIII. And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Out-Pension to

Drummers of the Militia of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establish- officers and

ment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out- Drummers not

Pension, although not unfit for further Service; be it enacted,

That no Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on w 1 e serving* Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster, Surgeon, Subalterns, or Quartermaster on the reduced Allowance, and every Subal-

tern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon of the cise, &c. Militia, who shall be entitled or claim to be entitled to any Allowances as aforesaid, shall regularly attend the Exercise and Training of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which he belongs during the whole of the Time it shall be assembled for that Purpose, and shall during the said Time punctually do and perform his Duty as a Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster,

Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, on pain of forfeiting the said Allowance, as well as all Arrears of the said Allowance and of Pay; and a Certificate of his having so attended, and performed his Duty, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps to which he may belong, shall be transmitted

to

eea

Commanding Officers may grant Leave of Absence.

If the Regiment be not called out before the Time fixed for the Payment, the Allowance shall be paid, on making the Declaration, without Certificate of Attendance.

Allowances to be paid quarterly.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 35.

Cap. 88. Militia Pay. 10 & 11 Vict.

to the Paymaster General by the Officer claiming the Allowance: Provided always, that in case any such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, claiming to be entitled to such Allowance, shall by his Commanding Officer be permitted or suffered, for any special Cause or unavoidable Necessity, to be absent during the whole or any Part of such Exercise, for which Purpose it shall be lawful for such Commanding Officer to grant such Leave of Absence, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon, who may be so permitted to be absent, and have such Leave in Writing, to demand and receive the said Allowances and every Part thereof in like Manner as if he had attended during the whole of the said Exercise: Provided always, that the Reason for such Absence, as well as the Duration thereof, shall be carefully and truly specified in a Certificate (in lieu of that before mentioned) to be signed by the Commanding Officer, and to be furnished as soon as conveniently may be to the Paymaster General

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall not, before the Time fixed for the Payment of the said Allowances, be called out for the Exercise and Training thereof, every Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon belonging to any such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and coming within the aforesaid Benefits of this Act, who shall have made and subscribed the Declaration hereinbefore mentioned before any Justice of the Peace or other Person as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the said Allowance as if he had regularly attended the Exercise and Training of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps during the whole of the Time by Law appointed for that Purpose, and as if a Certificate of such Attendance, signed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, had been furnished.

XVI. And be it enacted, That upon such Declarations and Certificates as aforesaid, or where any Regiment of Militia shall not have been called out to their Exercise as aforesaid, upon the said Declarations being produced to the Paymaster General, the Paymaster General shall pay to the said Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons their respective Allowances above mentioned for the usual quarterly or other proper Periods, without any Deduction whatsoever, save and except that provided by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty five9 or by any other Act which may be passed continuing the Payment of such Duties for a further Period, the Declarations and Certificates before mentioned to be by him preserved and produced as Vouchers for the Payments.

1847 *

Militia Pay+

Cap. 88.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subaltern Officers, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons of Militia, entitled or churning to be entitled to the aforesaid reduced or disembodied Allowances, shall at all Times be liable to serve in the respective Regiments, Battalions, or Corps to which they belong whenever the same shall be embodied and called out upon active Service; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to attend when called upon, on such Occasion, or on such other Occasions as may be required in pursuance of the Laws in force respecting the Militia when disembodied, every such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, and Assistant Surgeon shall, on such Neglect or Refusal being certified to the Secretary at War, and, in respect of the Militia of Great Britain, to the Lord Lieutenant of the County, by the Colonel or other Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall belong, forfeit his Claim to the said Allowance, and every Part thereof, and shall also be considered as having resigned and vacated his Commission to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle any Paymaster, Surgeon, Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon as aforesaid to the said Allowance or any Part thereof during the Time the Militia to which he belongs shall be embodied or assembled for Training and Exercise.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being-entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided always, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular

669

On Neglect of Attendance, Subalterns, &c. shall forfeit their Claim to the Allowance.

Allowance not to be paid while the Militia is embodied.

Persons on Half Pay, or entitled to Allowance as haring served in the Army or Nary, empowered to receive Pay, &c. during Training.

Adjutants, Ac., Non-commissioned Officers or Privates, not to lofe their Right to Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions, Ac.

Cap. 88 *

Militia Pay *

10&llVICt.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Adjutants appointed before 24th Dec. 1814 entitled to receive, after a Service of 20 Years, if unfit for further Service, an Allowance of 8s. per Day; provided they do not hold certain other Appointments.

Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied

XXI. And be it enacted, That there shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such Regiment, for the Expence of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, and Private Men of such Regiment, during the Period or Periods of Assembly for Exercise or Training, and also an Allowance of Two-pence per Week for each of the Non-commissioned Officers of each Regiment on the Disembodied Staff at Head Quarters, for the Expence of necessary Medicines and Attendance given to the said Non-commissioned Officers while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Adjutant of Regular Militia appointed as such before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall have served faithfully, either in Her Majesty's Regular Forces or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Twenty Years in the whole, whereof Ten shall have been in Service as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, on producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Twenty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon obtaining an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive, mid the Paymaster General shall pay to such Person, an Allowance at the Rate of Eight Shillings per Diem: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary at War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall

1847. Militia Pay. Cap. 88. 671

shall hold such Civil Place or Employment: Provided always, Adjutants aP-that any Adjutant appointed after the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, who shall entitled to re-have served faithfully, either in Her Majesty's Regular Forces ceire, after or in the Regular or Local Militia, for the full Term of Thirty Years in the whole, whereof Fifteen shall have been in Service Allowance of as an Adjutant of Regular Militia, and who shall be by Age or e«. per Day. Infirmity rendered unfit for further Service, shall, upon producing to the Secretary at War a Certificate of such Service of Thirty Years as aforesaid from the Commanding Officers of the different Corps to which he shall have belonged, and upon an Order from the Secretary at War founded upon such Certificate, be entitled to receive an Allowance at the Rate of Six Shillings a Day, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the aforesaid Allowance of Eight Shillings: Provided also, that no such Adjutant shall lose any Right to Half Right he may have to Half Pay or Out-Pension by reason of p*yreserved* receiving such Allowance of Eight Shillings or Six Shillings a Day as aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Out-Pension as well as such Allowance: Provided Certain Terms always, that in Cases of very long and meritorious Services Adjuamtain it shall be lawful for the Secretary at War to extend to any Cases of long Adjutants appointed between the Twenty-fourth Day of Decern- and meritorious her One thousand eight hundred and fourteen and the Ninth Day Services* of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-three the Terms, either in whole or in part, herein-before prescribed for the Retirement of Adjutants appointed before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

XXIII. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted Allowances to ' in pursuance of former Acts to Adjutants, Surgeons, and g^s^nd Suf' ' Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or Quarter Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service; be it masters, enacted, That such Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Right to Half Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half reserved* Pay to which he may be entitled. w

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in case any Regiment, Reduced Adju-Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and ^nts t°^eceive determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease tyi g^t juX]y and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the 1848. Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, in like Manner

672

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Adjutants and Serjeant Majors entitled to Allowance under

S9&40 G. 3. c. 44.

Allowances granted to Adjutants who have been appointed since 24th Dec. 1814, &c. on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

No Adjutant whose Commission hears Date between 24th Dec. 1814 and 9th July 1823 excluded *

Right to Half Pay and Pension reserved.

Cap. 88. Militia Pay. 10 & 11 Vict.

and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as tW Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who sballby Age Or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Sendee: always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason waiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive Such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXV. And whereas certain Adjutants and Serjeant

are entitled to and have reoeived certain Allowances in consequence of having been reduced under the Provisions of on

Act passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Team of the Reign of King George the Third, which Allowances nave beet

continued, and as to such Adjutants augmented to Poor

(Shillings per Diem; be it enacted, That all, such Achutaoti and Serjeant Majors shall be entitled to receive and shall receive such Allowance from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-fimf^ of July One thousand eight hundred and forty^eight. (

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the following, Allowaacea

shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and lyipaitatwqj herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who have been, appointed since the Twc&fr' fourth J)ay of December On£ thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and who shall hereafter be appointed, oil the* jCopapletW of the following Periods of Service in tier Majesty's Forces and in the Militia, if unfit for the Per/birm^nqe^ Duties of their Commissions; (that is to s^y, ), ' }, ., r

To every Adjutant who shall have completed, m ihp Seroce a Period of, (videlicet, ))

Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an, Adjutant Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per: ,

Twenty Years, of which Seven Yearn as jm Actant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Dieptf Twenty-five Years, of which Ten Years as .an Adj^tauttf Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem; Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years a£ an Actant of, Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diern, :\ M . Provided also, that no such Adjutant whose Commis&iQp Date between the Twenty-fourth Day of December Ope tbflih sand eight hundred and fourteen and the Ninth Day of Julj/ Qw thousand eight hundred and twenty-three shall be ex^udficl from the Operation of the Authority vested in the ^ecqrtfi|y>it War to determine certain Cases of Adjutants of long and Wi torious Services; provided also, that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay pr to Out-Pew^/ notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as afom-said; and all stich Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary at War of a Certificate of sm^ Serricc, and Disability; and the Paymaster General shfdl Adjutant the above Allowance, subject to the and Restrictions in respect to the holding^ aijy($$ >

.totV r r A o r

A .V\K

crr-i if it > Lm Militia Pd^.

Cap. 88.

673

Employment of Profit under the Crown, or In the Colonies or, Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Goyebrnment, as attach to other Adjutants to whom retired Allowances have been or shall be granted.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every reduced Adjutant Reduced Ad-entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the juJants Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George io»roc* with the Third, and continued by any subsequent Act or by this any Pay* *r Act, may receive such Allowance, together with any Full Pay,

Half Pay, or Allowance which was tenable together with such 39 & 40 G. 3. reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the c. 44.and Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 26 G. 3.C. 107. intituled An Act for amending and redyeing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third: Provided always, that Proviso, no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under Her Majesty other than such as aforesaid, or under any other Government, or any Civil Office or Employment under Her Majesty, or any other Government, otherwise than according to the Provisions of this Act in relation to the Allowances granted to Adjutants on account of Age or Infirmity.

XXVIII. And whereas certain Allowances have been Restrictions as granted to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia; 'be it ^ducwT^Ad-enacted, That the said Allowances shall be issued and paid jutants of the during the Continuance of this Act in like Manner and subject Local Militia, to the same Restrictions as the Allowances of the Paymasters,

Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the Regular Militia who were reduced in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

JXXIX. And be it enacted, That in every County in, Allowances to England and Wales, when the Regular Militia is or shall be CUrksof Gent-raised, Allowances shall be made to the Clerks of General divisionSRi^ct-Meetings^ and the, Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of Lieu- ingsin England, tenancy, for their Trouble tod Expences in the due Execution of aihJ Act passed in the ]Forty-second Year of the Reign of Khlg George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Law 42 G. a. c. 90. rioting io the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, aridr ofanV other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also the Cfericfc Ur tetrn^ral Mootings and the Clerks of Subdivision bP Lieutenancy for their Trouble and Expences in U u 3 the

. c. 25.

42 G. S. c. 72.

Allowances to such Officers and others in ] Scotland.

42 G. 8. c. 91.

Manner of granting Allowonces.

Clerks, &c. to make Declaration of the Justness of their Accounts.

Cap. 88. Militia Pay. 10 & 11 Vict.

the due Execution of an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better raising and ordering the Militia Forces for the Tower Hamlets in the County of Middlesex, and any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and also to the Clerks of General Meetings and the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the Lord Warden and Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon for their Trouble and Expences in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Thirds intituled i An Act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon for the Defence 6 of the Kingdom during the present War, and for the more 6 effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for ike c Defence of Great Britain, ' and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia; and in every County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland where the Regular Militia is or shall be raised Allowances shall also be made to the Clerks of General Meetings and Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in the due Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to raise and establish a Militia in Scotland, and of any other Acts relating to the said Militia.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; (videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings *

6 J do solemnly declare, That the preceding

Account, so far as regards my Interest therein, is a just and true Account of Business performed by me for and in behalf ' of the public Service, according to the Manner therein set 6 forth; and the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

J do solemnly declare, That I am the

Parochial Schoolmaster [or Constable or other Officer] of the District of in the Subdivision

of the County of; and that the preceding

675 Militia Pay. Cap. 88.

Account is a just and true Account of Business actually per-< formed by myself for and in behalf of the public Service, according to the Manner therein set forth; and that I was employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Kate specified in the Table to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

XXXI. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieu- Deputy Lieu-

tenants acting in any Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, tenants may re-c City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy War- te^danwof any dens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Surgeon re-

Counties of Cornwall and Devon, should be assisted by the riding near the Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of Persons

claiming to be exempt from Service in the Militia by reason c of bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the

Persons presenting themselves for Enrolment be it enacted,

That it shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held, to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer;

('videlicet,)

I do solemnly declare, That I will, to the Declaration t

best of my Ability, faithfully and truly report as to the made by

Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted urgeon* c to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of

them any Fee or Reward whatever for any such Examination.9 And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attend- Allowance to ance at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor Surgeon, exceeding Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all Sums of Money granted Pay, &c. to be for the Pay, Clothing, contingent and other Expences, and for ynder the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and th^creury at Local Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued and paid under War.

the Direction of the Secretary at War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Bills, Drafts, and Bills drawn for Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be *ay»&c-mav drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order i"lper!tamp shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped

Paper.

No Fee to be token.

Expence of Houee for depositing Arms, and Stores of the Militia in Ireland, &c. to be defrayed by the County.

, i

Proviso as to Amount of Bent.

Providing Place for Arms, Ac., 42 G.S. c. 90.

Capf£8>

Militia Pty.

10 & 11YKH.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, > That too Fee whatsoever shall be given or paid far or upon aCfcauat of_a|^ "Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued inxelationto or in pursuance of this Act. j., '

XXXV. And be it enacted* That the Hire of any House Place to be provided for the keeping of the Anna, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores, and for the Beaklefitoe sad Accommodation of the Adjutant belonging to «ny Rcgimenter Battalion of Militia in Ireland, when not embodied, shall be defrayed by the County; and the necessary Sumftut that Purpose* and for all other Sums of Money andlExpencts peptide and to be defrayed by the County in respect of the Militia of the County, and all Arrears of any such Hke dud faf- Xhe Hire or Bent of any House heretofore provided, and which Bent tinll not have been presented and paid before the passing of this Act Or which shall hereafter become due . for any. such House* auti all Arrears of any such other Sums or Hxpenoes aforesaid which shall have become due. before the Certificate thereof shall be transmitted as hereafter mentioned, shall be raised by the i Presentment of the Grand Jury of the said County, which Presentment the Grand Jury of the County shall pass on a Certificate signed by ithe Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Tikne being, or, in the Absence of such Chief Secretary, by the Under Sdarfetafy or by the First Clerk in the Military I)epattment, and spetify-ing t\\e Rent agreed to be paid for the eaulfe; abd, the aid Certificate shall be transmitted by tfuch Chief or UndCrScore* ta^y pr First Clerk to the Clerk of the Crown for sublr Comity, or at any Time prior to the First Pay of Aedies for to& Cpuflty, or, if in the County or County of the City of DM'n thpn prior to the First Day of the Presenting Tenni: Provided al, \y^yp, that in no Case any greater Bent than Flfty PomMii Currency of the United Kingdom of Great Britain tod Jxebmt shall be presented by such Grand)Jury for the annual Beat if such House or Place. 1 \

XJ^XVI. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where *m Place .provided under an Act passed in the Forty-aeoond Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act fit amending the Laws relating to the Militia ^England, wluLfii augmenting the Militia, for the Purpose of keeping therein the Anps, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia when not embodied, and the Hire or Cost of which Place may have beCn paid by the Treasurer of any County, Riding, at Place out of the County Rates of the same, according to the Provisions of the said Act, hath or at any Time hereafter shall, from Change.of theiOofci* pation of the adjoining Property or other Causey bpoome insecure or unfit for isuch Purpose, or the public Convenience may require the same to be changed or* sold, the Justices of such County, Riding, or Place assembled t at any Getters! Quarter Session, of the Peace, after Represtatation made to tpem of speh Insecurity or Unfitness os .InoonVdnieaee iw.ik, Lord

.my. n / f JUititia Pay. Cap. 88?. tVt

Lord Lieutenant of fcueh Comity, and the Colonel of such -Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, and Evidence thereof given to the Satisfaction of the said Justices so in Quarter Sessions assembled, to order some other convenient and proper Placd to be provided or built for the Purpose of keeping therein the 1

Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores belonging to,

any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia when not em* bodied, the Purchase, Hire, or Cost of which Place, in case ' 1

the same shall be approved of by the Lord Lieutenant and '

-Colonel of Militia of such County, Riding, or Place, shall be f

paid for by the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place, out of the County Rates.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That in all such Cases as Sale of Place aforesaid the Persons or Person in whom such Place which may not squired. have become insecure or unfit for the Purposes aforesaid may be Vested, upon Service upon them or him of an Order made at any Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace, setting forth that another and more convenient and proper Place has been provided for the Purpose aforesaid, whereby the Place so purchased for the Purpose aforesaid has become useless, shall proceed forthwith, 1 in such Manner as they shall think best, to sell and convey and assure the same to any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof freed knd discharged from the Uses or Trusts tp whiclx it had theretofore been liable and subject, and give Receipts and Acquittances for the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies thereof, and shall, upon Receipt of the Money arising therefrom, after deducting thereout all Costs and Charges attending such Sale ori Sales, pay the same unto the Treasurer of such County,

Riding, or Place, to be by him applied and paid towards the Coat df such Place to be so purchased as aforesaid, or the fitting bp the same, and in case no such Place shall be So purchased, then toward the Expences of fitting up such Place which may,

he so hired as aforesaid for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Residue of such Purchase Money (if any) shall be invested in the Public Funds, and the Interest thereof applied in aid of the Rate of such County or Riding, according as the Justices ' /

of the same in Quarter Session assembled may direct; and nO Person purchasing any Place so sold as aforesaid shall be bound to inquire whether any of the Circumstances have arisen under which it has been determined to sell the same as aforesaid, nor shall he be bound to see to the Application or Nonapplication of his, her, or their respective Purchase Monies \ and when and as soon as the Persons or Person in whom such Place shall have been so vested as aforesaid shall have paid to the' said County Treasurer the clear Proceeds arising from such Sale or Sales, and shall have procured from such Treasurer Ms Receipt for the same, then and from thenceforth such Persons, or Person shall be forthwith discharged from all Liability,

Claim, or Demand in respect of the said Place so vested in him or them for the Purposes aforesaid, and also from sill Liability,

Claim, or Demand in respect of the Proceeds ariaing'Trom the '

Sale of rachJPlaee; and such Receipt shall be a Bar to the

Claim

10 & 11 VICT.

All Things in this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings, Shires, &c.

[Continuance of Act.]

Claim of any Person or Persons whatsoever in such County, Riding, or Place, or any Person or Persons claiming under them any Right, Title, or Estate to such Place or the Proceeds thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven* until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of Bang George the Third, c, 90. and 91., and other Acts relating to the Militia.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting

by Circular Letters or Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements)

2. For attending General Meetings at which the

Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each -

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants -

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable of each Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each

j£ d,

0 7 6

5 5 0

1 11 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

1847. Militia Pay. # Cap. 881

4. For writing the animal Advertisements for £

regulating, arranging, and fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals - - 0

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making

Abstracts thereof, Schedule (D.), for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary at War (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet,

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia - - 2

In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men - - 3

Ditto - - from 401 to 600

Men - 4

Ditto - - from 601 to 800

Men - 5

Ditto - - from 801 Men

and upwards - - 6

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve

for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200

Men or under - 1

Ditto - - from 201 to 400 '

Men - - 2

Ditto - - from 401 to 600

Men - - 3

Ditto - - from 601 to 800

Men - 4

Ditto - - from 801 Men

and upwards - 5

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men contained in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under - 0

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names - 0

Ditto - 151 to 250 Names - 1

Ditto - 251 Names and upwards 1

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual Return of the Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

s. cL

7 6

2 0

3 0

4 0

5 0

6 0

1 0 2 0

3 0

4 0

5 0

5 0 10 0 0 0 10 0

* 79

I '

* \ -vW

Militia Pay.

: \ HZ tr>s\V\f,

10 & 11 Vict.

In Cpunties fapuabing Pne Rcgpnwt, , '^ -xM L\ Battalion, or Corps . - . .if-, ^Q15 0

Ditto - Two, - . Dittp - ..1*110 0

Ditto - Three Ditto! ?, ..$! 0 0

No separate Change being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy lieu ten ants for: .

his or their Signatures, thereto, .; /

Notp.; — This Allowance is^ of; i . course only chargeable by the General Clerks for; those ..

. , Counties in Scotlawl which :; furnish the greatest Proportion f of Men towards the Formatjpn

, , of thp/Reeninent, Battalinp, or Corpp.

9^ For Stationery: '

* 1 *|TcT the Clerk, of (general Meetings in a 1 1 County where the Number in the

* /i)l^ngipfl; Qpoty, of Ihp Militia, is-undisr

300 Men - 2 0 0

Ditto. r from 301 to 600 Men , 3(Q, 1 0;

Dittb 1, - ' from 6ol to 900 Meui, 4 (0 0

Difto'Ml V"' from, $01. Men and(

| / 1 V 11 I \ f

10. For ('opyinfjfs, Correspondence.etc.* -, <{ «, *

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a (>:lM w County where the Number of the original f .,

n 1 Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or

under - *? 2 .Q 6

In a County furnishing from 201 to 400; j.

Men - 3 0 0

Ditto - from 401 io 600 Mert; 1: - 4; 0 0

Ditto - from 601 tp 800 1

Men - 4 w - - 9 0 0

Ditto ' _ from 801 Men,

and upwards -600

II. The actual' Amount expended for printing, and publishing the Advertisements, for . Postages, Expresses, and, Messengers, to be flowed upon an Account, specifying each , y> Article of Postage, &c; , Qorrified speoiahy, |\, {/. by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall ., state that the s^me were necessary and; M 5, actually performed.

The Charge for printing and jublishingj; pl Advertisements is invariably to he j q.,

supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

1847. Militia Pay.

.tdi 7 11 / °I Training and Exercise.

1A For fiHing' tip priirtefl l^otibes to the ClCrkS 1 s. d. 41 f of Subdivision Meetings of thfe Time arid

° 4 M Place -fixed' bjf the Lot d Lieutenant pr '* 'Deputy Lieutenants for Assembling the Militial to be trained and GxerCi&ed, Caph Notice 1 1 - 1 ' 0 0 6

13. For making out correct Abstracts' from the Adjutant's of Other Commanding Officer's Returns, Schedule (F.), in the Form Schedule (Gi), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment of Battalion - - 10 0

In Counties in ' England, WaleS^ and Scotland furnishing One Regiment,

Battalion, or Corps - 2, 0 j 0(l

Ditto Tf \ Two Ditto - - 3 rd O '

Ditto -, ' ' T^iree^Ditto - 40 0

.: fu i m :; 1 h' f

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS o* SttritflVXSION 11 " l- - -MEETINGS. '

14. ° Fir Tfouble in calling Subdivision Meeting,

" %y1 Advertisement, np 1 separate Charge, j

being m£d& for Vriting Letters or framing n "Advertisement - ' ' ' - 050

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters; , ,) (1 , i»I to the Deputy Lieutenan ts, the Adjutant,; !. j or other Commanding Officer, (no Charge ) being made for the Draft,) for each Letter . M 1 0

15. For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each

M if ibe Three first pr principal Meetings at ) / (1j which the Statutory Quorum of Lieu-, »/

" tenancy shall bp present; videlicet, -

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals,

{f ' Ror balloting,

For enrolling, 1 And for the Meeting held to apportipit the Deficiencies among the Parishes,

1 1 et cetera, when necessary to be done;

and also for calling out the Quota, or lf! j (j

Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allow- ' m ance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists -22 0 And for epeh Meeting held by Adjournment; (i to complete the Business of any or either.

of the Three first or principal Meetings M above enumerated, which Allowance shall (, \

be in full for engrossing Minutes And making, , up Lists - - 1 5 0

* t 1 J I' >*' > '/ 1 *; '

* 82

Cap. 88J

Militia Pay.

10 & 11 VICR

£ *. 4

0 0 6

0 0 6

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - 0 15 0

16. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or

Sh Constables in England and Wales, iding the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to serve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept -

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept 17. For Trouble in amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets for the balloting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men - £2 per 1,000 18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists,

Schedule (CA for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision is - 50 Men and under - -22

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 3 3

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - 4 4

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards 5 5

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men. enrolled for each Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of.

Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of* the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and

under - 0 5

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - 0 10

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - 0 15

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards 1 0

683

1847/ Militia Pay.

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision

furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 60 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and upwards

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to

the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 Men and wards -

22. The actual Amount expended for printing

and publishing Advertisements, for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing

to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men

Cap. 88«

£ s. d.

1 10 0

2 0 0

2 10 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

r - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men 0 15 0

Ditto"from 251 Men and

upwards, - 1 0 0

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their Warrants to the Petty Constables,

Militia Pay.

10 & 11 VICT,

Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names j Ditto from 251 Names and upwards -

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under -

Ditto from 11 to 30 Names Ditto from 31 to 50 Names Ditto from 51 to 70 Names Ditto from 71 to 100 Names Ditto from 100 upwards

25. For making out full and true Lists of the

Names and Dates of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise: For a Roll containing 20 Names and under

Ditto from 21 to 50 Names Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 and upwards

26. For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the

Subdivision so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain: For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men Ditto from 251 and upwards

£ s. <L

0 5 0 0 10 0 0 15 0

10 0

0 0 0 1

0 10

0 2 0 0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

T'AiV f \/J, (M ' 1

&47. Militia Pay. Cap. 88, 89,

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to i. rf.

Householders, for each Day consisting of

Eight Hours - - 0 5 0

28. ' For making out Lists, for each Folio consist-

ing of Sixty Lines - - 0 1 0

29 For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each

Meeting - 0 10 0

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to bal-

loted Men, per Day - 0 5 0

31. For Stationery, per Annum - 0 5 0

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to

Householders, for each Day consisting of

Eight Hours - 0 4 0

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consist-

ing of Sixty Lines - - 0 1 0

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy,

, per Day - 0 4 0

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to

balloted and enrolled Men, per Day - 0 4 0

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out

by the Constables, per Annum - - 0 5 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to

perform the Duty of a General or Subdivision Clerk such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expences not exceeding Nine-pence per Mile, and the Expences of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expences shall be specified inra Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account.

38. The Expence necessarily incurred for the Ufce of the Room

at the Place ot Meeting to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually contained in Acts for regulating the Police of Towns.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to comprise in One Act

, sundry Provisions usually contained in Acts of Parliament for regulating the Police of Towns and populous

Districts, and that; as well for avoiding the Necessity of

686

Police Clautes.

Extent of Act.

Interpretations in this Act:

" the special Act:"

" prescribed:

" the Commissioners."

Interpretations in this and the special Act:

Number:

Gender: " Person

" Lands:* " Street

Cap. 89«

lO&HYicr.

repeating such Provisions in each of the several Acts relating ' to such Towns or Districts, as for ensuring greater Uniformity in the Provisions themselves:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That this Act shall extend only to such Towns or Districts in England or Ireland as shall be comprised in any Act of Parliament hereafter to be passed which shall declare that this Act shall be incorporated therewith; and all the Clauses of this Act, save so far as they shall be expressly varied or excepted by any such Act, shall apply to the Town or District which shall be comprised in such Act, and to the Commissioners appointed for improving and regulating the same, so far as such Clauses shall be applicable thereto respectively, and shall, with the Clauses of every other Act which shall be incorporated therewith, form Part of Such Act, and be construed therewith as forming One Act

And with respect to the Construction of this Act, whether incorporated in whole or in part with any other Act, and of any Act incorporated therewith, be it enacted as follows:

II. The Expression " the special Act " used in this Act shall be construed to mean any Act which shall be hereafter passed for the Improvement or Regulation of any Town or District defined or comprised therein and with which this Act shall be incorporated; and the Word " prescribed," used in this Act in reference to any Matter herein stated, shall be construed to refer "to such Matter as the same shall be prescribed or provided for in the special Act, and the Sentence in which such Word shall occur shall be construed as if, instead of the Word "prescribed," the Expression " prescribed for that Purpose in the special Act" had been used; and the Expression " the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons or Body Corporate intrusted by the special Act with Powers for executing the Purposes thereof.

III. The following Words and Expressions, in both this and the special Act, and any Act incorporated therewith, shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; {that is to Bay,)

Words importing the Singular Number shall include the Plural Number, and Words importing the Plural Number shall include the Singular Number:

Words importing the Masculine Gender shall include Females: The Word " Person" shall include a Corporation, whether aggregate or sole:

The Word "Lands" shall include Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any Tenure:

The Word " Street" shall extend to and include any Road, Square, Court, Alley, and Thoroughfare or public Passage within the Limits of the special Act:

The

Police Clauses.

687

Cap. 891

The Word " Month" shall mean Calendar Month: " Month *

The Expression " Superior Courts" shall mean Her Majesty's " Superior Superior #Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, as the Courts:

Case may require, and shall include the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Court of Common Pleas of the County of Durham:

The Word u Oath " shall include Affirmation in the Case of " Oath-." Quakers, and any Declaration lawfully substituted for an Oath in the Case of any other Persons allowed by Law to make a Declaration instead of taking an Oath:

The Word " County " shall include Riding or other Division County" of a County having a separate Commission of the Peace, and shall also include County of a City or County of a Town:

The Word " Justice" shall mean Justice of the Peace acting "Justice:" for the County, City, Borough, Liberty, Cinque Port, or other Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Justice arises; and where any Matter shall be authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, the Expression " Two Justices" shall be understood to mean "Two Jus-Two or more Justices met and acting together: Uces

The Expression " Quarter Sessions" shall mean Quarter «Quarter Ses-Sessions as defined in the special Act, and if such Ex- uons:" pression be not there defined, shall mean the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in or at the Place nearest to the District comprised within the special Act for the County in which such District or some Part thereof is situated, or for some Division of such County having a separate Commission of the Peace:

The Word "Cattle" shall include Horses, Asses, Mules, "Cattle." Sheep, Goats, and Swine.

And with respect to citing this Act, or any Part thereof, be it enacted as follows!

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in Short Title of legal Instruments, it shall be enough to use the Expression Act *

" The Town Police Clauses Act, 1847."

Y. For the Purpose of incorporating Part only of this Act Form in which with any Act hereafter to be passed it shall be enough to *°*lons H1"

, t /-1 i r D Act may be m-

describe the Clauses of this Act with respect to any Matter m corporated with the Words introductory to the Enactment with respect to such other Acts. Matter, and to enact that the Clauses so described, or that this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses so described, shall be incorporated with such Act; and thereupon all the Clauses of this Act so incorporated shall, save so far as they are expressly varied or excepted by such Act, form Part of such Act, and such Act shall be construed as if such Clauses were set forth therein with reference to the Matter to which such Act relates.

Aoid with respect to the Appointment, and the Powers, Constables. Duties, and Privileges, of Constables, be it enacted as follows:

VI. If any Constables shall have been appointed within the Appointment of Limits of the special Act under the Provisions of an Act passed Constables-

Xx 2 in

Police Clausa.

10 & 11 VICT.

J& 3 Vict. c. 93.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88.

Power to apply for additional Constables in case of Need.

Constables to be sworn in.

Expences of Prosecutions, and Allowances to Constables.

Constables not to resign without Leave or Notice.

Cap. 89.

in the Third Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Establishment of County and District Constables by the Authority of the Justices of the Peace; and of another Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment of County and District Constables; and if the Justices for the County in which such District is situated, in General or Quarter Session assembled, report to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State that the Constables so appointed ought to be discontinued, and the said Constables be, in pursuance thereof or otherwise, discontinued, or where no Constables shall have been appointed under the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act, the Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint and employ a Superintendent Constable and also such Number of Constables as they judge necessary for the Protection of the Inhabitants and Property within the said Limits, and allow the Superintendent Constable and the other Constables such Salaries or Wages as they think proper; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time to remove any such Superintendent Constable, Constables, and Officers as they think fit

YIL Where Constables shall have been appointed under the last Two recited Acts, or either of them, the Commissioners, if they think it necessary so to do, may apply to the Chief Constable of the County in which the District within the said Limits is situated, under the Provisions of the last-recited Act, to appoint any additional Number of Constables within the said Limits, and they may pay the Charge of such Appointments out of the Rates to be levied under this and the special Act.

VIII. Any Justice may swear in any Person appointed and employed as a Constable under this and the special Act, and the Constables so sworn in shall have, within the Limits of the special Act, and in any Place not more than Five Miles beyond such Limits, the like Powers, Privileges, and Duties, and shall have the same Indemnities and Protection, and shall be subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as any Constable duly appointed has or is subject to within his Constablewick by Law.

IX. The Commissioners may defray the Expence of prosecuting any Felons or Offenders, and of defending any Constable in the Execution of his Duty, and may make such Allowances to any Constable disabled in the Execution of his Duty, or worn out by Length of Service, as the Commissioners think reasonable.

X. No Constable appointed under this or the special Act shall resign his Office, or withdraw himself from the Duties thereof, unless expressly allowed so to do in Writing by the Commissioners, or by the Superintendent Constable, or until after he has given to such Superintendent Constable One Month's Notice; and every Constable who so resigns or withdraws himself without such Leave or Notice shall be liable to forfeit all Arrears of Pay then due to him, or to a Penalty of not m<fre than Five Pounds, or, in the Discretion of the Justices before

whom

Police Clauses.

689

Cap. 89.

whom he shall be convicted, may be committed to Prison, there Con*taUt$. to remain for a Time not exceeding Fourteen Days.

XI. Every Constable appointed under this or the special Act Constables dis-who is dismissed from or ceases to hold and exercise his Office shall forthwith deliver over to the Superintendent Constable, coutrements. or to such Person and at such Time and Place as the Commissioners direct, all the Clothing, Accoutrements, Appointments, and other Necessaries which have been supplied to him for the Execution of his Duty, under pain of Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Month; and any Justice of the Peace may issue his Warrant to search for and seize to the Use of the Commissioners all the Clothing, Accoutrements, Appointments, and other Necessaries not so delivered over, wherever the same are found.

XII. Every Person who, not being at the Time a Constable appointed under this or the special Act, has in his Possession of °* any Article being Part of the Clothing, Accoutrements, or Accoutrements, Appointments supplied to any such Constable, and who is not ^ef^uing able satisfactorily to account for his Possession thereof, or who constable* puts on the Dress or takes the Name, Designation, or Character of any Person appointed as such Constable, for the Purpose of thereby obtaining Admission into any House or other Place, or of doing or procuring to be done any Act which such Person would not be entitled to do or procure to be done of his own Authority, or for any other unlawful Purpose, shall, in addition to any other Punishment to which he is liable for such Offence,

.be liable to a Penalty of not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XIII. The Commissioners may from Time to Time purchase Power to pro-or rent any Buildings or Land, and convert such Buildings into WatchSousw, .'opr build on such Land Offices, Watch-houses, Lock-up Houses, &c.

and other Places necessary for the Purposes of this and the special Act, with all proper Conveniences thereto, and may repair the same from Time to Time, and furnish and fit up the same, and employ proper Persons to take care thereof.

XIV. The Constables appointed by virtue of this and the Duties of Con-special Act shall keep Watch and Ward within the Limits of stables *

the special Act, and shall use their best Endeavours to prevent any Mischief by Fire, and all Felonies, Misdemeanors, and Breaches of the Peace.

XV. Any Person found committing any Offence punishable comubSw^ either upon Indictment or as a Misdemeanor upon summary and per^5 Conviction by virtue of this or the special Act may be taken aggrieved to into Custody, without a Warrant, by any of the said Constables, Offender* or may be apprehended by the Owner of the Property on or c with respect to which the Offence is committed, or by his Servant

or any Person authorized by him, and may be detained until he can be delivered into the Custody of a Constable; and the Persons so arrested shall be taken, as soon ns conveniently may be, before some Justice, to be examined and dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that no Person arrested under the Powers of this or the special Act shall be detained in Custody nyjConetable or other Officer, without the Order of some

Xx 3

Justice,

690

Constables.

Penalty for Neglect of Duty.

Power to Constables to take Recognizances.

Form of Recognizances.

Recognizances to be registered and returned to the Justice.

Penalties on Persons assaulting Constables.

Obstructions and Nuisances.

Power to prevent Obstructions in the Streets during public Processions, &c.

Cap. 89# Police Clause* 10 & 11 VICT *

Justice, longer than shall be necessary for bringing him before a Justice, or than Forty Hours at the utmost.

XVI. Every Constable acting within the Limits of the special Act who is guilty of any Neglect or Violation of his Duty as a Constable, and convicted thereof before Two Justices, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds, the Amount of which Penalty may be deducted from the Salary or Wages due to him or to become due to him, or, in the Discretion of the Justices before whom he is convicted, he may lawfully be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding One Month, with or without hard Labour.

XVII. Whenever any Person charged with any Offence under this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, not amounting to Felony, and of which he is liable to be summarily convicted before a Justice, is in the Custody of any Constable acting as aforesaid, without the Warrant of a Justice, the Super* intendent Constable of the District, or appointed under this Act, or other the superior Officer of Polioe acting within the said Limits, may, if he deem it prudent so to do, but in such Cases only in which the Offender cannot be conveniently taken before a Justice, take the Recognizance of such Person, with or without Sureties, conditioned as herein-after mentioned.

XVIII. Every Recognisance so taken shall be taken without Fee or Reward, and shall be conditioned for the Appearance of the Person thereby bound before a Justice, at a certain Day not later than Seven Days from the Date of such Recognizance, and the Time and Place of such Appearance shall be specified in the Recognizance.

XIX. The Officer taking any such Recognizance shall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose the Name, Residence, and Occupation of the Party and his Sureties, if any, entering into such Recognizance, together with the Condition thereof, and the Sum thereby acknowledged, and shall return every such Recognizance to the Justice at the Time and Place when and where the Party is bound to appear, and every such Recog* nizance shall have the like Force and Effect as if the same had been taken before a Justice.

XX. Every Person who assaults or resists, or who aids or incites any Person to assault or resist, any Constable in the Execution of his Duty under the Provisions of this or the special Act, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom he is convicted, may be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Month, with or without hard Labour.

And with respect to Obstructions and Nuisances in the Streets, be it enacted as follows:

XXI. The Commissioners may from Time to Time make Orders for the Roiite to be observed by all Carts, Carriages, Horses, and Persons, and for preventing Obstruction of the Streets within the Limits of the special Act, in all Times of public Processions, Rejoicings, or lfiuminatians, Jind in any Case

1847. Police Clauses. Cap. 89. 091

when the Streets are thronged or liable to be obstructed, and Ob*rw*iam may also give Directions to the Constables for keeping Order Nm*nceM-and preventing any Obstruction of the Streets in the Neighs bourhood of Theatres and other Places of public Resort, and every wilful Breach of any such Order shall be deemed a separate Offence against this Act, and every Person committing any such Offence shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding.

Forty Shillings.

XXII. On Application to the Commissioners by the Minister Power to regu-or Churchwardens or Chapelwardens of any Church, Chapel, or kte the Route other Place of public Worship within the Limits of the special drifi^°stage Act, the Commissioners may make Orders for regulating the Carriages, Route by which Persons shall drive any Cart or Carriage, or during Dm« Cattle, or the Manner in which they shall drive them, in the Senrlce' Neighbourhood of such Places of Worship, during the Hours of Divine Service on Sunday, Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any Day appointed for a public Fast or Thanksgiving, and any Orders so made shall be printed and put up on or near the Church, Chapel, or Place of public Worship to which the same refer, and in some conspicuous Places near and leading thereto, and elsewhere as the Commissioners direct, and every wilful Breach of any such Order shall be deemed a separate Offence against this Act, and every Person committing any such Offence shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. No Proprietor of any Stage Carriage duly licensed Proprietors of to carry Passengers for Hire shall be liable to any Penalty for s*#5 Carriages any Deviation from the Route or Line of Route specified in his order

Licence which the Driver of such Stage Carriage makes in free from consequence of any Regulation or Direction made or given by Penalty, the Commissioners.

XXIV. If any Cattle be at any Time found at large in any Power to irn-Street within the Limits of the special Act, without any Person Pound having the Charge thereof, any Constable or Officer of Police, 1 *

or any Parson residing within the Limits of the special Act, may seize and impound such Cattle in any common Pound within the s$id Limits, or in such other Place as the Commissioners appoint for that Purpose, and may detain the same therein until the Owner thereof pay to the Commissioners a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, besides the reasonable Expences of impounding and keeping such Cattle.

XXV. If the said Penalty and Expences be not paid within Power to sell Three Days after such impounding, the Pound-keeper, or other p^jf*^for Person appointed by the Commissioners for that Purpose, may Exp^ces" proceed to sell or cause to be sold any such Cattle; but previous to such Sale Seven Days Notice thereof shall be given to or left at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of the Owner of such Cattle, if he be known, or if not, then Notice of such intended Sale shall be given by Advertisement, to be inserted Seven Days before such Sale in some Newspaper published or circulated within the Limits of the special Act; and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sums, and the Expences aforesaid, and all other Expences attending the impounding,

Al Jri.|V.*1Mrf

vPPrmHUPf

a»of NmmuHM.

Persons guilty of Pound-breach to be committed for Three Months.

Power to provide a Pound.

Penalty on Persons committing any of the Offences herein named.

Cap. 89. Police Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict,

advertising, keeping, and Sale of any such Cattle so impounded, shall be paid to the Commissioners, and shall be by them paid, on Demand, to the Owner of the Cattle so sold.

XXVI. Every Person who releases or attempts to release any Cattle from any Pound or Place where the same are impounded under the Authority of this or the special Act, or who pulls down, damages, or destroys the same Pound or Place, or any Part thereof, with Intent to procure the unlawful Release of such Cattle, shall, upon Conviction of such Offence before any Two Justices, be committed by them to some Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

XXVII. The Commissioners may purchase a Piece of Land within the Limits of the special Act for the Purpose of a Pound for stray Animals, and may erect a Pound thereon, and such Pound when made shall be kept in repair by the Commissioners.

XXVIII. Every Person who in any Street, to the Obstruction, Annoyance, or Danger of the Residents or Passengers, commits any of the following Offences, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Offence, or, in the Discretion of the Justice before whom he is convicted, may be committed to; Prison, there to remain for a Period not exceeding Fourteen Days, and any Constable or other Officer appointed by virtue of this or the special Act shall take into Custody, without Warrant, and forthwith convey before a Justice, any Person who within his View commits any. such Offence; (that is to say,)

Every Person who exposes for Show, Hire, or Sale (except in a Market or Market Place or Fair lawfully appointed for that Purpose) any Horse or other Animal, or exhibits in a Caravan or otherwise any Show or public Entertainment, or shoes, bleeds, or farries any Horse or Animal (except in Cases of Accident), or cleans, dresses, exorcises, trains or breaks, or turns loose any Horse or Animal, or makes or repairs any Part of any Cart or Carriage (except in Cases of Accident where Repair on the Spot is necessary): Every Person who suffers to be at large any unmuzzled ferocious Dog, or sets on or urges any Dog or other Animal to attack, worry, or put in fear any Person or Animal: Every Owner of any Dog who suffers such Dog to go at large, knowing or having reasonable Ground for believing it to be in a rabid State, or to have been bitten by any Dog or other Animal in a rabid State:

Every Person who, after public Notice given by any Justice directing Dogs to be confined on account of Suspicion of canine Madness, suffers any Dog to be at large during the Time specified in such Notice:

Every Person who slaughters or dresses any Cattle, or any Part thereof, except in the Case of any Cattle over-driven which may have met with any Accident, and which for the public Safety or other reasonable Cause ought to be killed on the Spot:

; __________ Every

d*blice Clauses.

1647.]Pblice Clauses. Cap. 89.

Every Person hating the Care of any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage who rides on the Shafts thereof or who without having Reins, and holding the same, rides upon such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, or on any Animal drawing the same, or who is at such a Distance from such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage as not to have due Control over every Animal drawing the same, or who does not, in meeting any other Carriage, keep his Waggon, Cart, or Carriage to the left or near Side, or who in passing any other Carriage does not keep his Waggon, Cart, or Carriage on the right or off Side of the Road (except in Cases of actual Necessity, or some sufficient Reason for Deviation), or who, by obstructing the Street, wilfully prevents any Person or Carriage from passing him, or any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage under his Care:

Every Person who at one Time drives more than Two Carts or Waggons, and every Person driving Two Carts or Waggons who has not the Halter of the Horse in the last Cart or Waggon securely fastened to the Back of the first Cart or W aggon, or has such Halter of a greater Length from such Fastening to the Horse's Head than Four Feet: Every Person who rides or drives furiously any Horse or Carriage, or drives furiously any Cattle:

Every Person who causes any public Carriage, Sledge, Truck, or Barrow, with or without Horses, or any Beast of Burden, to stand longer than is necessary for loading or unloading Goods, or for taking up or setting down Passengers (except Hackney Carriages, and Horses and other Beasts of Draught or Burden, standing for Hire in any Place appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners or other lawful Authority), and every Person who, by means of any Cart, Carriage, Sledge, Truck, or Barrow, or any Animal, or other Means, wilfully interrupts any public Crossing, or wilfully causes any Obstruction in any public Footpath or other public Thoroughfare:

Every Person who causes any Tree or Timber or Iron Beam to be drawn in or upon any Carriage, without having sufficient Means of safely guiding the same:

Every Person who leads or rides any Horse or other Animal, or draws or drives any Cart or Carriage, Sledge, Truck, or Barrow upon any Footway of any Street, or fastens any Horse or other Animal so that it stands across or upon any Footway:

Every Person who places or leaves any Furniture, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or any Cask, Tub, Basket, Pail, or Bucket, or places or uses any Standing-place, Stool, Bench, Stall, or Showboard on any Footway, or who places any Blind, Shade, Covering, Awning, or other Projection over or along any such Footway, unless such Blind, Shade, Covering, Awning, or other Projection is Eight Feet in Height at least in every Part thereof from the Ground:

.> Every

nd Nuitanm,

694

Potiot Clauses.

Cap. 39-

10 & 11 VICT.

Obstruction* and Nuisance*,

Every PefBon who places, hangs up, or otherwise exposes to Sale any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, so that the same project into or over any Footway, or beyond the Line of any House, Shop, or Building at which the same are so exposed, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person over or along such Footway:

Every Person who rolls or carries any Cask, Tub, Hoop, or Wheel, or any Ladder, Plank, Pole, Timber, or Log of Wood, upon any Footway, except for the Purpose of loading or unloading any Cart or Carriage, or of crossing the Footway:

Every Person who places any Line, Cord, or Pole across any Street, or hangs or places any Clothes thereon:

Every common Prostitute or Nightwalker loitering and importuning Passengers for the Purpose of Prostitution: Every Person who wilfully and indecently exposes his Person: Every Person who publicly offers for Sale or Distribution, or exhibits to public View, any profane, indecent, or obscene Book, Paper, Print, Drawing, Painting, or Representation, or sings any profane or obscene Song or Ballad, or uses any profane or obscene Language:

Every Person who wantonly discharges any Firearm, or throws or discharges any Stone or other Missile, or makes any Bonfire, or throws or sets fire to any Firework:

Every Person who wilfully and wantonly disturbs any Inhabitant, by pulling or ringing any Door Bell, or knocking at any Door, or who wilfully and unlawfully extinguishes the Light of any Lamp:

Every Person who flies any Kite, or who makes or uses any Slide upon Ice or Snow:

Every Person who cleanses, hoops, fires, washes, or scalds any Cask or Tub, or hews, saws, bores, or cuts any Timber or Stone, or slacks, sifts, or screens any Lime:

Every Person who throws or lays down any Stones, Coals, Slate, Shells, Lime, Bricks, Timber, Iron, or other Materials (except Building Materials so inclosed as to prevent Mischief to Passengers):

Every Person who beats or shakes any Carpet, Rug, or Mat (except Door Mats, beaten or shaken before the Hour of Eight in the Morning) s Every Person who fixes or plaoes any Flower-pot or Box, or other heavy Article, in any upper Window, without sufficiently guarding the same against being blown down: Every Person who throws from the Roof or any Part of any House or other Building any Slate, Brick, Wood, Rubbish, or other Thing, except Snow thrown so as not to fall on any Passenger:

Every Occupier of any House or other Building or other Person who orders or permits any Person in his Service to stand on the Sill of any Window, in order to clean, paint, or perform any other Operation upon the Outside of

JPehce Clause*.

ms

Cap. 89J

of such Window, or upon any House or other Building ObstrwsHom within the said Limits, unless such Window be in the sunk anrf NmsanctSt or Basement Story:

Every Person who leaves open any Vault or Cellar, or the Entrance from any Street to any Cellar or Boom underground, without a sufficient Fence or Handrail, or leaves defective the Door, Window, or other Covering of any Vault or Cellar, or who does not sufficiently fence any Area, Pit, or Sewer left open, or who leaves such open Area, Pit, or Sewer without a sufficient Light after Sunset to warn and prevent Persons from falling thereinto:

Every Person who throws or lays any Dirt, Litter, or Ashes, or Nightsoil, or any Carrion, Fish, Oflal, or Bubbish, on any Street, or causes any offensive Matter to run from any Manufactory, Brewenr, Slaughter-house, Butcher's Shop, or Dunghill into any Street: Provided always, that it shall not be deemed an Offence to lay Sand or other Materials in any Street in Time of Frost to prevent Accidents, or Litter or other suitable Materials to prevent the freezing of Water in Pipes, or in case of Sickness to prevent Noise, if the Party laying any such Things causes them to be removed as soon as the Occasion for them ceases:

Every Person who keeps any Pigstye to the Front of any Street, not being shut out from such Street by a sufficient Wall or Fence, or who keeps any Swine in or near any Street, so as to be a common Nuisance.

XXIX. Every Person drunk in any Street, and guilty of; any Penalty on

riotous or indecent Behaviour therein, and also every Person PeTjt

guilty of any violent or indecent Behaviour in any Police Office ^ri^tous1or* 7 or any Police Station House within the Limits of the special Act, indecent Be-shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for hatlo, ir* every such Offence, or, in the Discretion of the Justice before

whom he is convicted, to Imprisonment for a Period not exceeding Seven Days.

And with respect to Fires, be it enacted as follows;

XXX. Every Person who wilfully sets or causes to be set Penalty for set-on fire any Chimney within the Limits of the special Act shall ting Chimneys be liable to a Penalty not exceeding live Pounds: Provided wilfully 011 fire* always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt the Person

so setting or causing to be set on fire any Chimney from Liability to be indicted for Felony.

XXXI. If any Chimney accidentally catch or be on fire Penalty for within the said Limits the Person occupying or using the Pre- ^fnen^}JfmaU mise8 in which such Chimney is situated shall be liable to a neys to catch" Penalty not exceeding Ten Shillings: Provided always, that fire.

such Forfeiture shall not be incurred if such Person prove to the Satisfaction of the Justice before whom the Case is heard that such Fire was in nowise owing to Omission, Neglect, or Carelessness of himself or Servant. Fire Engines

XXXII. The Commissioners may purchase or provide such Firemen Engines for extinguishing Fire, and such Water Buckets, Pipes,

and Commissioners.

JPiticXViau*.

m

Fine.

Fire Police permitted to go lieyond the Limit* of the, Act (n certain Cases.

Place* of pmblic Re*ort.

Penalty on Victuallers harbouring Constable* while on Duty.

Penalty on CoftVc Shop Keepers harbouring din-orderiyPcrtons.

Penalty on Person* keeping Places for Dear* baiting, Cock-fighting, Ac.

Cap. 8.

lokn^pu

and other Appurtenances fbt each Engum, tad (todk Fire Escapes and other Implements for Safety or Use in cue of Fire, and may purchase, keep, or hire such Hones for drawing such Engines as they think, fit, and may build, provide, or hire Places for keeping such Engines with their Appurtenances, and may employ a proper Number of Persons to act as Firemen, and may make such Buies for their Regulation as they think proper, and give such Firemen and other Persons such Salaries and such Rewards for their Exertions in Cases of Fire as they think fit.

XXXIII. The Commissioners may send such Engines, with their Appurtenances, and the said Firemen, beyond the Limits of the special Act, for extinguishing Fire in the Neighbourhood of the said Limits; and the Owner of the Lands or BuHdbgs where such Fire shall have happened shall in such Case defray the actual Expence which may be thereby incurred, and dull also pay to the Commissioners a reasonable Charge for the Use of such Engines with their Appurtenances, and for the Attendance of such Firemen; and in case of any Difference between the Commissioners and the Owner of the said Lands or Buildings, the Amount of the said Expences and Charge, as well as the Propriety of sending the said Engines and Firemen m aforesaid for extinguishing such Fire, (it* the Propriety thereof be disputed,) shall be determined by Two Justices, whose Decision shall be final; and the Amount of the said Expences and Charge shall be recovered by the Commissioners as Damages.

And with respect to Places of public Resort, be it enacted as follows:

XXXIV. Every Victualler or Keeper of any Public House, or Person licensed to sell Wine, Spirits, Beer, Cider, or other fermented or distilled Liquors by retail, to be drunk or consumed on the Premises, within the Limits of the special Act, who knowingly harbours or entertains or suffere to remain in his Public House or Place wherein he carries on his Business any Constable during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, unless for the Purpose of quelling any Disturbance or restoring Order, shall, for every such Offence, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXV. Every Person keeping any House, Shop, Room, or other Place of public Resort within the Limits of the special Act for the Sale or Consumption of Refreshments of any Kind who knowingly suffers common Prostitutes or reputed Thieves to assemble at and continue in his Premises shall, for every such Offence, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVI. Every Person who within the Limits of the special Act keeps or uses or acts in the Management of any House, Room, Pit, or other Place for the Purpose of fighting, baiting, or worrying any Animals shall be liable to a Penalty of not more than Five Pounds, or, in the Discretion of the Justices before whom he is convicted, to Imprisonment, with er without hard Labour, for a Time not exceeding Oner Month;

1847. Police dames. Cap. 8% Wt\

and the Commissioners may, by Order in Writing, authorize the Superintendent Constable, with such Constables as he thinks necessary, to enter any Premises kept or used for any of the Purposes aforesaid, and take into Custody all Persons found therein without lawful Excuse, and every Person so found shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings, and a Conviction for this Offence shall not exempt the Owner, Keeper; or Manager of any such House, Room, Pit, or Place from any penal Consequence to which he is liable for the Nuisance thereby occasioned.

And with respect to Hackney Carriages, be it enacted as Hack*ey

follows: Cutriopes,

XXXVII. The Commissioners may from Time to Time Hackney Car-license to ply for Hire within the prescribed Distance, or if no f.iagc*J? Distance is prescribed, within Five Miles from the Genera), ce Post Office of the City, Town, or Place to which the special Act refers, (which in that Case shall he deemed the prescribed Distance,) such Number of Hackney Coaches or Carriages of any Kind or Description adapted to the Carriage of Persons as they think fit.

XXXVIII. Every wheeled Carriage, whatever may be its What to he Form or Construction, used in standing or plying for Hire in hackney Car* any Street within the prescribed Distance, and every Carriage ri*se*' standing upon any Street within the prescribed Distance, haying thereon any numbered Plate required by this or the special Act to be fixed upon a Hackney Carriage, or having thereon any Plate resembling or intended to resemble any such Plate as aforesaid, shall be deemed to be a Hackney Carriage within the Meaning of this Act; and in all Proceedings at Law or other- t

wise the Term w Hackney Carriage " shall be sufficient to describe any such Carriage: Provided always, that no Stage Coach used for the Purpose of standing or plying for Pasaen-, i gers to be carried for Hire at separate Fares, and duly, licensed for that Purpose, and having thereon tho proper numbered Plates required by Law to be placed on such Stage Coaohes, shall be deemed to be a Hackney Carriage within the Meaning of this Act.

XXXIX. For every such Licence there shall be paid to the Fee to be paid Clerk of the Commissioners, or other Person appointed by them for Llce, cc' to receive the same, such Sum as the Commissioners direct, not '

exceeding Five Shillings.

XL. Before any such Licence is granted a Requisition for Per*nn apply, - the same, in such Form as the Commissioners from Time to Time provide for that Purpose, shall be made and signed by quisitiun for the Proprietor or One of the Proprietor of the Hackney Car- C. xiage in respect of which such Licence is applied for, and in every such Requisition shall be truly stated, the Name and Stir* ,

name and Place of Abode of the Person applying for such Licence, and of every Proprietor Or part Proprietor of such Carriage, or Person* concerned, either feolely or in Partnership with any other Person, in the keepings employing, or lettirtg to ., Hire

698 Cap. 89. Police Clavtit. 10 & 11 Tier.

Hackney

Carriages.

What shall be specified in the Lioeneo.

Licences to be registered *

Licence to be in force for One Year only.

Notice to be given by Proprietors of Hackney Carriages of any Change of Abode.

Hire of taeh Carriage; and an j Person who* on applying for such Licence, states in such Requisition the Name of any Person who is not a Proprietor or part Proprietor of such Carriage, or who is not concerned as aforesaid in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of such Carriage, and also any Person who wilfully omits to specify truly in such Requisition as aforesaid the Name of any Person who is a Proprietor or part Proprietor of such Carriage, or who is concerned as aforesaid in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of such Carriage, shah be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLI. In every such Licence shall be specified the Name and Surname and Place of Abode of every Person who is a Proprietor or part Proprietor of the Hackney Carriage in respect of which such Licence is granted, or who is concerned, either solely or in Partnership with any other Person, in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of any such Carriage, and also the Number of such Licence which shall correspond with the Number to be painted or marked on the Plates to be fixed on BUch Carriage, together with such other Particulars as the Commissioners think fit.

XLII. Every Licence shall be made out by the Clerk of the Commissioners, and duly entered in a Book to be provided by him for that Purpose, and in such Book shall be contained Columns or Places for Entries to be made of every Offence committed by any Proprietor or Driver or Person attending such Carriage, and any Person may at any reasonable Time inspect such Book without Fee or Reward *

XLIII. Every Licence so to be granted shall be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners, if incorporated, or if not incorporated, shall be signed by Two or more of the Commissioners, and shall not include more than One Carriage so licensed, and shall be in force for One Year only from the Day of the Date of Such Licence, or until the next general licensing Meeting, in case any general licensing Day be appointed by the Commissioners.

XLIV. So often as any Person named in any such Licence as the Proprietor or One of the Proprietors, or as being concerned either solely or in Partnership with any Person in the keeping, employing, or letting to Hire of any such Carriage, changes his Place of Abode, he shall, within Seven Days next after such Change, give Notice thereof in Writing, signed by him, to the Commissioners, specifying in such Notice his new Place of Abode; and he shall at the same Time produce such Licence at the Office of the Commissioners, who shall by their Clerk, or some other Officer, endorse thereon and sign a Memorandum specifying the Particulars of such Change; and any Person named in any such Licence as aforesaid as the Proprietor, or One of the Proprietors, of any Hackney Carriage, or as being concerned as aforesaid, who changes his Place of Abode, and neglects or wilfully omits to give Notice of such Change, or to produce such Licence in order that such Memorandum as aforesaid may be endorsed thereon within the Time and in

Police Clauses.

Cap. 89. -899

the Manner limited and directed by this or the special Act,

shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings. Carriage*.

XLV. If the Proprietor or part Proprietor of any Carriage, Penalty for or any Person so concerned as aforesaid, permits the same to be plying for Hire used as a Hackney Carriage plying for Hire within the pre- without tt Ll" scribed Distance without having obtained a Licence as aforesaid for such Carriage, or during the Time that such Licence is suspended as herein-after provided, or if any Person be found driving, standing, or plying for Hire with any4* Carriage within the prescribed Distance, for which such Licence as aforesaid has not been previously obtained, or without having the Number of such Carriage corresponding with the Number of the Licence openly displayed on such Carriage, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings *

XLVI. No Person shall act as Driver of any Hackney Car- 40

riage licensed in pursuance of this or the special Act to ply firstobtdning for Hire within the prescribed Distance without first obtain- a Licence, ing a Licence from the Commissioners, which Licence shall be registered by the Clerk to the Commissioners, and a Fee of One Shilling shall be paid for the same; and every such Licence shall be in force until the same is revoked, except during the Time that the same may be suspended as after mentioned.

XL YU. If any Person acts as such Driver as aforesaid 5"?*ltyo". without having obtained such Licence or during the Time <wuhout that his Licence is suspended, or if he lend or part with his cence. Licence, except to the Proprietor of the Hackney Carriage, or if the Proprietor of any such Hackney Carriage employ any Person as the Driver thereof who has not obtained such Licence, or during the Time that his Licence is suspended, as hereinafter provided, every such Driver and every such Proprietor shall, for every such Offence, respectively be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLVIII. In every Case in which the Proprietor of any such Hackney Carriage permits or employs any licensed Person to of Drivers when act as the Driver thereof, such Proprietor shall cause to be in his Employ, delivered to him, and shall retain in his Possession, the Licence ^fj^en of such Driver while such Driver remains in his Employ; and summoned CD in all Cases of Complaint, where the Proprietor of a Hackney Carriage is summoned to attend before a Justice, or to produce the Driver, the Proprietor so summoned shall also produce the Licence of such Driver, if he be then in his Employ; and if Justices to any Driver complained of be adjudged guilty of the Offence ^nsT on*iT*" alleged against him, such Justice shall make an Endorsement c<mces.POn upon the Licence of such Driver, stating the Nature of the Offence and the Amount of the Penalty inflicted; and if any Penalty on such Proprietor neglect to have delivered to him and to retain Proprietor* for in his Possession the Licence of any Driver while such Driver Neglect' remains in his Employ, or if he refuse or neglect to produce such Licence as aforesaid, such Proprietor shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIX. When

Police ClauJtt.

Proprietor to return Licence to Drirers when quitting his Service if they behove well, if otherwise, Pro* prietors to summon them.

Compensation in ease of Licence being improperly withheld

Licences to lie suspended or revoked for Misconduct.

Number of Persons to be carried in a Hackney Carriage to be painted thereon.

Penalty for Neglect or for Refusal to carry the prescribed Number.

Penalty on Driver for refusing to driven

Cap. 89.

10 & 11 Vict.

XLIX. When any Driver leaves the Service of the Proprietor by whom he is employedk without having been guilty of any Misconduct, such Proprietor shall forthwith return to such Driver the Licence belonging to him; but if such Driver have been guilty of any Misconduct, the Proprietor shall not return his Licence, but shall give him Notice of the Complaint which he intends to prefer against him, and shall forthwith summon such Driver to appear before any Justice to answer the said Complaint; and such Justice, having the necessary Parties before him, shall inquire into and determine the Matter of Complaint, and if upon Inquiry it appear that the Licence of such Driver has been improperly withheld, such Justice shall direct the immediate Re-delivery of such Licence, and award such Sum of Money as he thinks proper to be paid by such Proprietor to such Driver by way of Compensation.

L. The Commissioners may, upon the Conviction for the Second Time of the Proprietor or Driver of any such Hackney Carriage for any Offence under the Provisions of this or the special Act with respect to Hackney Carriages, or any Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, suspend or revoke, as they deem right, the Licence of any such Proprietor or Driver.

LI. No Hackney Carriage shall be used or employed or let to Hire, or shall stand or ply for Hire within the prescribed Distance, unless the Number of Persons to be carried by such Hackney Carriage, in Words at Length, and in Form following, (that is to say,) " To carry Persons," be painted on

a Plate placed on some conspicuous Place on the Outside of such Carriage, and in legible Letters, so as to be clearly distinguishable from the Colour of the Ground whereon the same are painted. One Inch in Length, and of a proportionate Breadth; and the Driver of any such Hackney Carriage shall not be required to carry in or by such Hackney Carriage a greater Number of Persons than the Number painted thereon.

LII. If the Proprietor of any Hackney Carriage permit the same to be used, employed, or let to Hire, or if any Person stand or ply for Hire with such Carriage, without having the Number of Persons to be carried thereby painted and exhibited in manner aforesaid, or if the Driver of any such Hackney Carriage refuse, when required by the Hirer thereof, to carry in or by such Hackney Carriage the Number of Persons painted thereon, or any less Number, every Proprietor or Driver so offending shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. Any Driver of a Hackney Carriage standing at any of the Stands for Hackney Carriages appointed by the Commissioners, or in any Street, who refuses or neglects, without reasonable Excuse, to drive such Carriage to any Place within the prescribed Distance, or the Distance to be appointed by any Bye Law of the Commissioners, not exceeding the prescribed Distance, to which he is directed to drive by the Person hiring or wishing to hire such Carriage, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIV. If

.847.

Police Clauses.

Cap. 89.

701

LIV. If the Proprietor or Driver of any such Hackney Penalty for He-Carriage, or if any other Person on his Behalf, agree beforehand with any Person hiring such Hackney Carriage to take for any agreed f>r,

Job a Sum less than the Fare allowed by this or the special Act, though less or any. Bye Law made thereunder, such Proprietor or Driver ^thclegal shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings if he exact or demand for such Job more than the Fare so agreed upon.

LY. No Agreement whatever made with the Driver, or with Agreement to any Person having or pretending to have the Care of any such Hackney Carriage, for the Payment of more than the Fare nottobebind-allowed by any Bye Law made under this or the special Act, and Sum shall be binding on the Person making the same, and any such

Person may, notwithstanding such Agreement, refuse, on dis- maybereco-charging such Hackney Carriage, to pay any Sum beyond the Tered back. Fare allowed as aforesaid, and if any Person actually pay to the Driver of any such Hackney Carriage, whether in pursuance of any such Agreement or otherwise, any Sum exceeding the Fare to which such Driver was entitled, the Person paying the same shall be entitled, on Complaint made against such Driver before any Justice of the Peace, to recover back the Sum paid beyond the proper Fare, and moreover such Driver shall be liable to a Penalty for such Exaction not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, and in default of the Repayment by such Driver of such Excess of Fare, or of Payment of the said Penalty, such Justice shall forthwith commit such Driver to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless the said Excess of Fare and the said Penalty be sooner paid.

LVI. If the Proprietor or Driver of any such Hackney Driver to carry. Carriage, or if any other Person on his Behalf, agree with any "J"r^gree' Person to carry in or by such Hackney Carriage Persons not discretionary exceeding in Number the Number so painted on such Carriage Distance, the as aforesaid, for a Distance to be in the Discretion of such -1S

Proprietor or Driver, and for a Sum agreed upon, such Pro- entitled for the prietor or Driver shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fare.

Forty Shillings if the Distance which he carries such Persons be under that to which they were entitled to be carried for the Sum so agreed upon according to the Fare allowed by this or the special Act, or any Bye Law made in pursuance thereof.

LVII. When any Hackney Carriage is hired and taken to Deposit to be any Place, and the Driver thereof is required by the Hirer for, ar' there to wait with such Hackney Carriage, such Driver may riagewal , ng demand and receive from such Hirer his Fare for driving to such Place, and also a Sum equal to the Fare of such Carriage for the Period, as a Deposit over and above such Fare, during which he is required to wait as aforesaid, or if no Fare for Time be fixed by the Bye Laws, then the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence for every Half Hour during which he is so required to wait, which Deposit shall be accounted for by such Driver when such Hackney Carriage is finally discharged by such Hirer; and if any such Driver who has received any such Penalty on the

to wait, or to

account for the Deposit.

Overcharge by Hackney Coachmen, &c. to be included in Conviction, and returned to aggrieved Party.

Penalty for permitting Persons to ride without Consent of Hirer.

No Person to act as Driver of any Carriage without the Consent of the Proprietor.

Penalty on Drivers misbehaving.

Penalty for leaving Carriages unattended at Places of public Resort.

Cap. 89. Police Clauses. 10 & 11 Vict.

Deposit as aforesaid refuses to wait as aforesaid, or goes away or permits such Hackney Carriage to be driven or taken away without the Consent of such Hirer, before the Expiration of the Time for which such Deposit was made; or if such Driver on the final Discharge of such Hackney Carriage refuse duly to account for such Deposit, every such Driver so offending shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVIII. Every Proprietor or Driver of any such Hackney Carriage who is convicted of taking as a Fare a greater Sum than is authorized by any Bye Law made under this or the special Act shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, and such Penalty may be recovered before One Justice; and in the Conviction of such Proprietor or Driver an Order may be included for Payment of the Sum so overcharged, over and above the Penalty and Costs; and such Overcharge shall be returned to the Party aggrieved, whose Evidence shall be admissible in Proof of the said Offence.

LIX. Any Proprietor or Driver of any such Hackney Carriage which is hired who permits or suffers any Person to be carried in or upon or about such Hackney Carriage during such Hire, without the express Consent of the Person hiring the same, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LX. No Person authorized by the Proprietor of any Hackney Carriage to act as Driver of such Carriage shall suffer any other Person to act as Driver of such Carriage without the Consent of the Proprietor thereof, and no Person, whether licensed or not, shall act as Driver of any such Carriage without the Consent of the Proprietor, and any Person so suffering another Person to act as Driver, and any Person so acting as Driver without such Consent as aforesaid, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

LXI. If the Driver or any other Person having or pretending to have the Care of any such Hackney Carriage be intoxicated while driving, or if any such Driver or other Person, by wanton and furious driving, or by any other wilful Misconduct, injure or endanger any Person in his Life, Limbs, or Property, he shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and in default of Payment thereof the Justice before whom he is convicted of such Offence may commit him to Prison, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Two Months.

LXII. If the Driver of any such Hackney Carriage leave it in any Street or at any Place of public Resort or Entertainment, whether it be hired or not, without some one proper to take care of it, any Constable may drive away such Hackney Carriage and deposit it, and the Horse or Horses harnessed thereto, at some neighbouring Livery Stable or other Place of safe Custody; and such Driver shall be liable-to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings for such Offence, and in default of Payment of the said Penalty upon Conviction, and of the Expences of taking and keeping the said Hackney Carriage and

Horse

1847.

Police Clauses.

Cap. 89.

708

Horse or Horses, the same, together with the Harness belonging thereto, or any of them, shall be sold by Order of the Justice before whom such Conviction is made, and after deducting from the Produce of such Sale the Amount of the said Penalty, and of all Costs and Expences, as well of the Proceedings before such Justice as of the taking, keeping, and Sale of the said Hackney Carriage, and of the said Horse or Horses and Harness, the Surplus (if any) of the said Produce shall be paid to the Proprietor of such Hackney Carriage,

LXIIL In every Case in which any Hint or Damage has been caused to any Person or Property as aforesaid by the Driver of any Carriage let to Hire, the Justice before whom such Driver has been convicted may direct that the Proprietor of such Carriage shall pay such a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds as appears to the Justice a reasonable Compensation for such Hurt or Damage; and every Proprietor who pays any such Compensation as aforesaid may recover the same from the Driver, and such Compensation shall be recoverable from such Proprietor, and by him from such Driver, as Damages,

LXIV. Any Driver of any Hackney Carriage who suffers the 6ame to stand for Hire across any Street or alongside of any other Hackney Carriage, or who refuses to give way, if he conveniently can, to any other Carriage, or who obstructs or hinders the Driver.of any other Carriage in taking up or setting down any Person into or from such other Carriage, or who wrongfully in a forcible Manner prevents or endeavours to prevent the Driver of any other Hackney Carriage from being hired, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings,

LXV. If the Driver of any such Hackney Carriage be summoned or brought before any Justice to answer any Complaint or Information touching or concerning any Offence alleged to have been committed by such Driver against the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Bye Law made thereunder, and such Complaint or Information be afterwards withdrawn or quashed or dismissed, or if such Driver be acquitted of the Offence charged against him, the said Justice, if he think fit, may order the Complainant or Informant to pay to the said Driver such Compensation for his Loss of Time in attending the said Justice touching or concerning such Complaint or Information as to the said Justice seems reasonable, and in default of Payment of such Compensation, the said Justice may commit such Complainant or Informant to Prison for any Time not exceeding One Month, unless the same shall be sooner paid.

LXVI. If any Person refuse to pay on Demand to any Proprietor or Driver of any Hackney Carriage the Fare allowed by this or the special Act, or any Bye Law made thereunder, such Fare may, together with Costs, be recovered before One, Justice as a Penalty.

LXVIL Any Person using any Hackney Carriage plying under a Licence granted by virtue of this or the special Act, who wilfully injures the same, shall for every such Offence be

Damage done by Driver may be recovered from the Proprietor.

Improperly standing with Carriage; refusing to give way to, or obstructing any other Driver; or depriving him of his Fare.

Justices empowered to award Compensation to Drivers for IjOss of Time in attending to answer Complaints not substantiated.

Penalty for refusing to pay the Fare.

Penalty for damaging Carriage.

Police Clauses.

10 & 11 VICT.

T04 Cap. 89.

liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall also pay to the Proprietor of such Hackney Carriage reasonable Satisfaction for the Damage sustained by the same; and such Satisfaction shall be ascertained by the Justices before whom the Conviction takes place, and shall be recovered by the same Means as the Penalty.

Commissioners LXVIII. The Commissioners may from Time to Time (sub-LaL^or regu- Ject to the Restrictions of this and the special Act) make Bye lating Hackney Laws for all or any of the Purposes following; (that is to say,) Carriages. For regulating the Conduct of the Proprietors and Drivers of

Hackney Carriages plying within the prescribed Distance in their several Employments, and determining whether such Drivers shall wear any and what Badges, and for regulating the Hours within which they may exercise their Calling: For regulating the Manner in which the Number of each Carriage, corresponding with the Number of its Licence, shall be displayed:

For regulating the Number of Persons to be carried by such Hackney Carriages, and in what Manner such Number is to be shown on such Carriage, and what Number of Horses or other Animals is to draw the same, and the placing of Check Strings to the Carriages, and the holding of the same by the Driver, and how such Hackney Carriages are to be furnished or provided:

For fixing the Stands of such Hackney Carriages and the Distance to which they may be compelled to take Passengers, not exceeding the prescribed Distance:

For fixing the Rates or Fares, as well for Time as Distance, to be paid for such Hackney Carriages within the prescribed Distance, and for securing the due Publication of such Fares:

For securing the safe Custody and Re-delivery of any Property accidentally left in Hackney Carriages, and fixing the Charges to be made in respect thereof.

Bathing. And with respect to public Bathing, be it enacted as follows:

Bathing Ma- LXIX. Where any Part of the Sea-shore or Strand of any chines. River used as a public Bathing-place is within the Limits of the

special Act the Commissioners may make Bye Laws for the following Purposes; (that is to say,)

For fixing the Stands of Bathing Machines on the Sea-shore or Strand, and the Limits within which Persons of each Sex shall be set down for bathing, and within which Persons shall bathe:

For preventing any indecent Exposure of the Persons of the Bathers:

For regulating the Manner in which the Bathing Machines shall be used, and the Charges to be made for the same: For regulating the Distance at which Boats and Vessels let to hire for the Purpose of sailing or rowing for Pleasure shall be kept from Persons bathing within the prescribed Limits.

1847- 1 Police Clauses. Cap. 89 T0*>

LXX. And with respect to the Rates to be made for carry- Regulations as ing the Purposes of this and the special Act into execution, be to Rates' it enacted, That all the Clauses of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the following Matters; (that is to say,)

With respect to the Manner of making Bates authorized by that or the special Act;

With respect to the Appeal to be made against any Rate; and

With respect to the Recovery of Rates; shall be incorporated with this and the special Act.

LXXL. And with respect to Bye Laws, be it enacted, That Bye Laws, all the Clauses of the Towns Improvement Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to the Bye Laws to be made by virtue of that or the special Act shall be incorporated with this and the special Act.

LXXII. And with respect to the Tender of Amends, be it Tender of enacted, That if any Party have committed any Irregularity, Amends* Trespass, or other wrongful Proceeding in the Execution of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, or by virtue of any Power or Authority thereby given, and if, before Action brought in respect thereof, such Party make Tender of sufficient Amends to the Party injured, such last-mentioned Party shall not recover in any such Action; and if no such Tender have been made, the Defendant, by Leave of the Court where such Action is pending, may at any Time before Issue joined pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had as in other Cases where Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

And with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and of Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, be it enacted as follows:

LXXIII. The Clauses of the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Recovery of Damages not specially provided for, and Penalties, and to the Determination of any other Matter referred to Justices, shall be incorporated with this and the special Act; and such Clauses shall apply to the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act, and to the Commissioners, and shall be construed as if the Word " Commissioners " had been inserted therein instead of the Word

Company."

LXXIV. Provided always, That in Ireland, in the Case of any Penalty imposed by Justices where the Application is not otherwise provided for, such Justices may award not more than One Half of such Penalty to the Informer, and shall award the Remainder to the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the Offence was committed, to be applied in aid of the Poor Rates of such Union.

LXXV. All Things herein or in the special Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, authorized or required to be done by Two Justices, may and shall be done by any On9 Magistrate Y y 3 having

Recovery of Damages and Penalties.

Recovery of Damages and Penalties.

In Ireland Part of Penalties to be paid to Guardians of Unions.

All Things required to he clone by Two Justices may, in rertahi Cases, be done by Ot; c.

Police Clauses.

706

Persons giving false Evidence liable to Penalties of Perjury.

Access to special Act.

Copies of special Act to be kept and deposited and allowed to be inspected.

7 W. 4. &

1 Vict. c. 83.

Penalty on failing to keep or deposit such Copies.

Act may be amended, &c.

4 & 5 W. 4. C. 76.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 56. 2 & 3 Vict. c.l.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 41.

Cap. 89, 90.

10& li Vict.

having by Law Authority to act alone for any Purpose with the Powers of Two or more Justices.

LXXVI. Every Person who upon any Examination upon Oath, under the Provisions of this or the special Act, or any Act incorporated therewith, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

And with respect to affording Access to the special Act, be it enacted as follows:

LXXVII. The Commissioners shall at all Times after the Expiration of Six Months after the passing of the special Act keep in their principal Office of Business a Copy of the special Act printed by the Printers to Her Majesty, or some of them, and shall also within the Space of such Six Months deposit in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the Town or District within the Limits of the special Act is situated a Copy of such special Act so printed as aforesaid; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall receive, and he and the Commissioners respectively shall retain, the said Copies of the special Act, and shall permit all Persons interested to inspect the same, and make Copieg or Extracts therefrom, in the like Manner and upon the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as is provided in the Case of certain Plans and Sections by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties, and other Persons, to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to he deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament,

LXXVIII. If the Commissioners fail to keep or deposit, as herein-before mentioned, any of the said Copies of the special Act, they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, and also Five Pounds for every Day afterwards during which such Copy is not so kept or deposited.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XC.

An Act to

a Act to provide for the &xe Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

provide for the Execution of the Laws for

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales: And whereas an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament then next following, to amend the lastly-recited Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the

Payment

1847.

707

Poor Relief Supervision (Ireland). Cap. 90.

Payment of Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances affecting Houses of Industry and Workhouses, and of Advances made conformably with previous Usage for the lawful Purposes of such Houses of Industry and Workhouses in certain Cases in Ireland: And whereas an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Amendment of an Act for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland: And whereas under the Provisions of the said Acts the Administration of Relief to the Poor throughout Ireland is subject to the Direction and Control of the Poor Law

Commissioners, whose Commission will expire at the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July in this Year: And whereas it is expedient that the Control of the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland should be wholly separated from the Control of the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawftil for Her Majesty from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, to appoint a fit Person, who with the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and the Under Secretary to the said Lord Lieutenant, shall have the Control of the Administration of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland; and the Person so appointed shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of Her Majesty; and the* said Chief Secretary and Under Secretary, and the Person so appointed, shall be styled " Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland; w and the Person so appointed by Her Majesty shall be styled the Chief Commissioner; and whenever the Expression "the Commissioners" shall be used in this Act, without Addition, it shall be taken to mean " the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland"

II. And be it enacted, That Notice of the Appointment of every Chief Commissioner shall be published in the Dublin Gazette; and the Commissioners first constituted under this Act shall enter on their Office, and all the Powers by this Act vested in them shall take effect on the Day after the first Publication of such Notice in the Dublin Gazette.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall cause a Seal to be made for their Use, and such Seal shall have the same Force and Effect in Ireland as the Seal of the Poor Law Commissioners, and Documents sealed or stamped therewith shall be received in Evidence in like Manner as Documents scaled or stamped with the Seal of the Poor Law Commissioners are now received in Evidence.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, subject to the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, appoint a Secretary, and may, with the like Approval, remove any Secretary so appointed, and shall also from Time to Time

6 & 7 Vict. c. 92.

Appointment of Commissioners for the Administration of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland.

When Commissioners shall enter on their Office.

Seal of the Commissioners.

Appointment of Secretary, Clerks, &c.

7Q8

Inspectors to be appointed.

One of the Inspectors to be appointed Assistant Commissioner.

Inspectors may attend local Boards.

Salaries

Transfer of Powers and Duties of the Poor Law Commissioner*,

Cap. DO.

Poor Relief Supervision (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

so many Clerks, Messengers, and Servants as shall be Jlowed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and all the Persons so appointed, except the Secretary, shall hold their several Offices during the Pleasure of the Commissioners

V. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner^ shall from Time to Time, subject to| the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, appoint so many fit Persons as shall be allowed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to be Inspectors, to assist in the Execution of this Act and of the other Acts now in force, or which shall hereafter be in force, for the Belief of the Poor in Ireland> and may from Time to Time assign to the Inspectors so appointed, or any of them, such Duties and delegate to them such of the Powers of the Commissioners as they may think necessary, and, subject to the like Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, may remove all or any of the said Inspectors, and appoint others in their Stead.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint One of the said Inspectors, by the Title of Assistant Commissioner, to assist in the Business of their Office and in the Execution of this Act in such Manner as they shall direct, and may delegate to such Assistant Commissioner all the Functions, Powers, and Duties of the Chief Commissioner, or such of them as they shall think fit, in the Absence of Mhe Chief Commissioner from Dublin, or whenever it shall appear to them necessary that such Delegation of Authority should be made; and thereupon the said Assistant Commissioner shall have full Authority to act, within the Limits of the Powers so delegated to him, as if he were the Chief Commissioner.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Inspectors and each of them shall be entitled to attend every Board of Guardians and every parochial and other local Meeting held for the Belief of the Poor, and to take part in the Proceedings, but not to vote at such Board or Meeting.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Chief Commissioner and Secretary, Clerks, Messengers, and Servants, and the Assistant Commissioner and Inspectors, shall receive such Salaries as shall be from Time to Time appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

IX. And be it enacted, That on the Day on which the Commissioners shall enter on their Office all the Powers and Duties of the Poor Law Commissioners, or any of them, with respect to the Direction or Control of the Administration of Belief to the Poor throughout Ireland, shall be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners, and shall be thenceforth exercised by them, or any Two of them, or, except as is herein-after provided, by the Chief Commissioner alone, or in his Absence by the Assistant Commissioner, and all Provisions of the several Acts in any wray relating to the Administration of Relief to the Poor in Ireland shall be construed as if therein the Commissioners had been named instead of the Poor Law Commissioners, subject nevertheless to any Amendments made by this Act; and

dining

1847; Poor Relief Supervision (Ireland). Caji 90. 70$

during any Vacancy among the Commissioners the surviving or continuing Commissioners or Commissioner may continue to act with the same Powers and in the same Manner respectively as before such Vacancy: Provided always, that so much of the said Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty as would enable the Commissioners to sit in England or Wales for exercising any Powers under any of the said Acts, or as would require them to assemble in London once at least in every Year, shall be repealed.

X. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners and their Transfer of Successors shall be deemed a Body Corporate, and shall have Prop«rly. perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and for all Purposes connected with the Administration of the Laws for the Relief

of the Poor throughout Ireland shall be deemed the Successors of the said Poor Law Commissioners; and all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and Real and Personal Property, vested in the said Poor Law Commissioners on the Day on which the Commissioners shall enter on their Office, shall vest in the Commissioners and their Successors without any Conveyance or Transfer thereof other than by the Operation of this Act

XI. And be it declared and enacted, That from and after

Power to make the Day on which the Commissioners shall enter on their Office Rules, the Power vested in the Poor Law Commissioners to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to vary or rescind the same, shall and may be exercised by the Commissioners, who shall make all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations under their Seal, except such as are intended only for their own Guidance and Procedure, or for the Guidance or Procedure of the said Inspectors or any of them, and the Conduct of the Business in their Office.

XII. And be it enacted, That no general Rule made by General Rules the Commissioners relating to the Administration of' the Laws to be approved for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland shall have any Force unless Lieutenant in the same shall be made under the Seal of the Commissioners, Council, nor unless the same, before the Issue thereof, shall be approved

by the Lord Lieutenant; and no Rule to vary or rescind a general Rule shall be made by the Commissioners unless the same shall be made and approved in like Manner.

XIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Day on Repeal of which the Commissioners first appointed under this Act shall Part of enter on their Office so much of the said Act of the Second ifto genenii56 Y^ear of the Reign of Her Majesty as relates to the Time or Rule£ Manner when or how any such general Rule shall operate or

take effect, or to the Disallowance of any such general Rule or any Part thereof, shall be repealed.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if the Lord Lieutenant in'Disallowance of

Council shall at any Time disallow any such general Rule or general Rules any Part thereof, the same, so far as it shall have been so LieU *

disallowed, shall cease to be of any Force or Validity, subject, Council, however, and without prejudice to all Things lawfully done

under the same before Such Disallowance.

Rules affecting more than One Union to be deemed general Rules.

Rules made before Appointment of Commissioners under this Act to continue in force.

Sanction of Commissioners substituted for that of the Poor Law Commissioners in a prescribed Form.

Signature to Acts under Seal.

Power to summon Witnesses.

Cap. 90. Poor Relief Supervision (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Rule, Order, or Regulation of the Commissioners which shall be at the Time of issuing the same directed to and affect more than One Union shall be deemed a general Rule; and every Rule, Order, and Regulation made to vary or rescind a general Rule, whether or not directed to or affecting more than One Union, Bball also be deemed a general Rule.

XVI. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted, That all lawful Rules, Orders, and Regulations of the Poor Law Commissioners, made before the Day on which the Commissioners first appointed under this Act shall enter on their Office, shall continue in full Force and Effect until rescinded or varied under the Authority of this Act

XVII. And be it enacted, That in every Case when the Assent or Sanction of the Poor Law Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is now required for any Matter arising in Ireland, to be given under their Hands and Seals, or die Hand and Seal of any One or more of them, the Assent or Sanction of the Commissioners, from and after the Day on which they shall enter on their Office, shall be requisite instead thereof, and in every Case in which it shall be given shall be given under the Seal of the Commissioners, and shall have the like Force and Effect in Ireland as the Assent or Sanction of the Poor Law Commissioners before the passing of this Act.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Act of the Commissioners which is required to be under their Seal shall be of any Validity unless it shall purport to be signed by at least Two of the Commissioners, or by the Chief Commissioner, or in his Absence by the Assistant Commissioner, and in either of the Two last Cases countersigned by the Secretary to the Commissioners.

XIX. And be it declared and enacted, That the Commissioners, or any One of them, and also any such Inspector, acting in execution of the Acts now or hereafter to be in force for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, by Summons Under the Seal of the Commissioners, or under the separate Hand and Seal of any Commissioner or Inspector respectively, as the Case may be, may require the Attendance of all such Persons as they or he shall think fit to call before them or any of them respectively, upon any Matter connected with the Execution of this Act, or the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, at such Time and Place as shall be set forth in the Summons, and may make Inquiry and require Returns, and may administer Oaths, and examine all such Persons upon Oath, and may require and enforce the Production upon Oath of Books, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, Maps, Plans, Surveys, Valuations, and Writings, or Copies thereof respectively, in anywise relating to any such Matter, or, when the Commissioners, or any One of the Commissioners, or any Inspector, shall think fit, instead of requiring such Oath as aforesaid, may require any such Person to make and subscribe a Declaration of the Truth of the Matters respecting which he shall have been

or

Poor Relief Supervision (Ireland),

Cap. 90.

711

or shall be so examined: Provided always, that no Person shall be required, in obedience to any such Summons, to go more than Twenty Statute Miles from the Place of his Abode; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall empower the Commissioners, or any Commissioner or Inspector, to require the Production of the -Title, or of any Papers or Deeds relating to the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not being Property vested in the Commissioners by this Act.

XX. And be it declared and enacted, That every Person Penalties for who upon any Examination under the Authority of this Act Evidence5 shall wilfully give false Evidence, or wilfully make or sub- refusing to gi?e scribe a false Declaration, shall on being convicted thereof suffer Evidence, the Pains and Penalties of Perjury; and every Person who shall refuse or wilfully neglect to attend in obedience to any Summons of the Commissioners, or of any One of the Commissioners or any Inspector, or to give Evidence, or who shall wilfully alter, suppress, conceal, destroy, or* refuse to produce any Books, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, Maps, Plans,

Surveys, Valuations, or Writings, or Copies of the same, which may be required to be produced for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person authorized by this Act to require the Production thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall once Commissioners in each Year submit to the Lord Lieutenant a general Report to report yearly of their Proceedings; and every such general Report shall be Jenan^and^-laid before both Houses of Parliament within Six Weeks after port to be laid the Date thereof if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament ^fore Parlia-be not then sitting within Six Weeks after the next Meeting of meDt* Parliament; and that every such Report shall contain a distinct Statement of every Order and Direction issued by such Poor

Law Commissioners in respect to Out-door Relief.

XXII. And be it enacted, That, save when varied or repealed Confirmation of by this Act, and subject to the Provisions herein contained, all under^cited the Powers and Provisions of the recited Acts, and of all other Acts.

Acts relating to the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, and every of them, and every thing lawfully done under the same or in pursuance thereof, and all lawful Acts and Proceedings of the Poor Law Commissioners and their Assistant Commissioners, and any Officers acting under them, or in virtue of the said Acts or any of them, or under their Authority, or by any other Person acting in the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in Ireland, on or before the Day when the Commissioners shall enter on their Office, shall be as valid as if this Act had not been passed; and every Suit or other Proceeding, civil or criminal, begun before the last-mentioned Day in the Name and under the Authority of the Poor Law Commissioners, shall have the same Force and Effect, if continued in their Names, under the Sanction of the Commissioners, as if the Poor Law Commissioners had continued to act in execution of the said Acts of Parliament; and nothing herein contained shall in any way take away or interfere with any Right of Action or of Defence to the same, or any Liability to be sued or prosecuted for

Appointment of Commissioner *, &c. limited to l; ive Years, &c.

Interpretation of Act

Act may be

amended, &c.

5 Anne, c. 8.

5G. l. c. 20.

12 G. 1. c. 4.

Cap. 90, 91. Poor Relief Svpirtision (Ireland). 10 & 11 YJCf

for any Penalty for or against any Person, under the said Acts or any of them, according to the respective Provision^ thereof, which shall have accrued wholly or in part before the last-mentioned Day.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner constituted under this Act, nor any Inspector, Secretary, or other Officer or Person to be appointed and employed by the Commissioners in the Business of their Office under this Act, shall continue to hold his respective Office under this Act, or exercise any of the Powers given by this Act, for a longer Period than Five Years next after the Day of the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and from and after the Expiration of the sud Period of Five Years and of the then next Session of Parliament so much of this Act as enables Her Majesty to appoint any Commissioners shall cease to operate or to have any Effect whatever.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed in the same Manner as the said Acts of the Second Year and the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, and as One Act with the same and with the Acts and Provisions thereby directed to be construed as One Act, unless where otherwise directed by this Act; and that the Words Lord Lieutenant' shall be construed to include Lord Justices or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

XXV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to increase the Number of Trustees for the Herring Fishery, and to direct the Application of the Funds granted for the Promotion of Manufactures and Improvements, in Scotland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act

for the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty lung George the First, intituled An Act for settling certain yearly Funds payable out of the Revenue of Scotland to satisfy public Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union; and to discharge the Equivalents claimed, on behalf of Scotland in Terms of the same Treaty; and for obviating all future Disputes, Charges, and Expences concerning those Equivalents; and another Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the First, for continuing, among other Purposes, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cider, and Perry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for granting certain Duties thereupon; and another Act was passed in the

1847 .: Herring Fishery (Scotland). Cap. 91.

Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whereby His Majesty was enabled to nominate any Number of Persons resident in Scotland, not exceeding the Number of Twenty-one, to be Trustees for overseeing, directing, and better improving the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Scotland; and another Act was passed in the said Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for encouraging and pro- motiiig Fisheries and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; by which Acts,

or one or other of them, certain Sums of Money were granted

and appropriated to the encouraging and promoting the Fisheries and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland as might most conduce to the general Good of the United Kingdom: And whereas by Letters Patent, dated the Eighteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and twenty-seven, under the Great Seal appointed by the Treaty

of Union to be kept and used in Scotland instead of the Great Seal thereof, issued in pursuance of the Powers granted to that Effect by the said Two last-recited Acts, certain Persons were thereby appointed Commissioners and Trustees for managing the Fisheries and other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, with various Powers and Authorities; and various Rules and Regulations were thereby established for the Discharge of the Office of the said Commissioners and Trustees, and for the carrying into execution the Purposes of the said Acts: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fortyeighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Third, intituled An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, whereby it was enacted, that it should be lawful to His Majesty and His Successors, by Letters Patent, to nominate and appoint any Number of such Trustees and Commissioners, not exceeding Seven, to be Commissioners specially for overseeing, directing, and better improving the White Herring

Fishery, with Power to execute the Provisions of the said Act

under recital; in pursuance of which Act Letters Patent, of

Date the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred

and eight, were issued accordingly: And whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery, whereby His Majesty was enabled to appoint the Lord Advocate and Solicitor General for Scotland, or either of them, for the Time being, to be Commissioners, in addition to the Number authorized by the said last-recited Act, for the Herring Fishery; and it is expedient that the Number of the Commissioners for the Herring Fishery should* be farther increased: And whereas Letters Patent were thereafter issued by His Majesty King George the Fourth, of Date the Sixteenth

713

13G.1.C. 2 G.

13 G. 1. c. 30.

48 G. 3. c. 110.

55 G.3. c. 94

Her Majesty may appoint additional Commissioners for the Herring Fishery along with those acting under recited Acts of 48 and 55 G. 3.

Power to Treasury to direct the Appropriation of the Funds by the Trustees.

Her Majesty may by Order in Council establish Rules, &c, for the Ap-

Cap. 91. Herring Fishery (Scotland). 10 & 11 VICT,

teenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, whereby the Application of the Monies granted ' by the said recited Acts was altered and extended: And whereas under and in virtue of the said Acts and the said

Letters Patent the Sums and Funds applicable to Improvements in Manufacture have been applied towards that Purpose, and farther and as conducive to the general Good of the United Kingdom to the Purposes of Education in the Fine i Arts, and in decorative and ornamental Art, and in Improvement of Taste and Design in Manufacture, and otherwise, as c has been from Time to Time set forth in Reports made to the ' Sovereign; and it is expedient that the Authority to make such ' Application of such Sums and Funds should be recognized ' and extended, and that such Application, mid also the Rules ' and Regulations therefor, and for the Conduct and good ' Government of the said Trustees, and their official Duties and ' Management, should be made by Orders of Her Majesty, with s the Advice of Her Privy Council, instead of Letters Patent ' as heretofore Re it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty and Her Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Seal appointed to be kept and used in Scotland instead of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Six, who may not be Commissioners and Trustees for Manufactures under the said recited Acts and Letters Patent, and of whom Four shall be resident in the City of Edinburgh, or the Vicinity thereof, to be additional Commissioners for the Herring Fishery, along with the Commissioners presently acting under the said recited Acts of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-fifth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, and for all and sundry the Purposes of, and with all the Powers and Authorities granted by the said last-recited Act, as if such Commissioners to be named and appointed had been named and appointed under the Letters Patent issued in virtue of the said last-recited* Act.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, from Time to Time, by Orders under their Hands, to direct the Appropriation by the stud Trustees for the Encouragement of Manufactures of such Portion of the said Sums and Funds applicable to Improvements in Manufactures, as the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think fit, towards the Purpose of Education in the Fine Arts generally, and in decorative and ornamental Art, and in Taste and Design in Manufacture, as well as towards the other Purposes to which such Sums and Funds have been hitherto applied.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, by any Order or Orders in Council to be issued from Time to Time, to establish Rules and Regulations for the Application by the said

715

1847, Mussel Fisheries (Scotland). Cap. 91, 92,

said Trustees to the Purposes of Education aforesaid, of the plication by the Sums and Funds so to be appropriated by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and also for the Conduct appropriated by and good Government of the said Trustees, and the Regulation the Treasury, of their official Duties and Management in that Matter, and also &c* from Time to Time to revoke, alter, and amend such Rules and Regulations; and all such Orders in Council shall, within Fourteen Days after the same shall be issued, be published in the Edinburgh Gazette; and all such Orders of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and also all such Orders in Council, shall, within the like Period of Fourteen Days, be laid upon the Table of both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, or if otherwise, within Fourteen Days of the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said recited Acts and the Recited Acts said Letters Patent shall remain in full Force and Effect, ex-

cepting in so far as altered or affected by this Act, and shall main^n^orce. be operative and efficient for carrying all the Purposes of this Act into execution according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of amended» *c Parliament,

CAP. XCII.

An Act for the Protection of Mussel Fisheries in Scotland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS Mussel Fisheries in Scotland have been the ' Subject of Royal Grant and of private Right: And whereas it is expedient that certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Third ' and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for i the better Protection of Oyster Fisheries in Scotland, should ' be extended and apply to the Mussel Fisheries of Scotland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland shall wilfully, knowingly, and wrongfully take and carry away any Mussels or Mussel Brood from any Mussel Bed, Scalp Laying, or Fishery, being the Property and in the lawful Occupation of any other Person or Persons or Body Corporate or Politic, and sufficiently marked out or known as such, every such Offender shall be deemed guilty of Theft, and being guilty thereof shall be liable to be sentenced to Imprisonment not exceeding the Term of One Year.

II. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall unlawfully use any Dredge, or any Net or Instrument or Engine whatsoever, or shall trespass within the Limits of any Mussel Bed,

Scalp

3 & 4 Vict. c. 74.

Persons unlawfully taking Mussels from Mussel Reds deemed guilty of Theft.

Persons unlawfully fishing or trespassing in any Mussel Finery deemed

guilty of an Attempt to commit Theft.

Nothing to prevent Persons, lawfully entitled, from fishing for floating Fish.

Nothing to prevent Persona from exercising legal

Rights.

Act may be amended, &c.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59.

Recited Act further continued.

Act may be amended, Ac.

Cap. 92, 93. Highway Rates. 10 & 11 Vict.

Scalp Laying, or Fishery in Scotland, being the Property and in the lawful Occupation of any other Person or Persons or Body Corporate or Politic, and sufficiently marked out or known as such, for the Purpose of taking Mussels or Mussel Brood, though none shall be actually taken, or shall, with any Net, Instrument, or Engine, or with the Hand or otherwise, drag or fish, upon the Ground or Soil of any such Mussel Bed, Scalp Laying, or Fishery, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of an Attempt to commit Theft, and being convicted thereof before the Sheriff of the County shall be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court shall award, such Fine not to exceed Ten Pounds, and such Imprisonment not to exceed Three Calendar Months.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person, lawfully entitled there to fish, from fishing for or catching any floating Fish within the Limits of any Mussel Fishery, with any Net, Instrument, or Engine adapted for taking floating Fish only.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or be construed to prevent any Person from exercising any Right possessed by such Person of taking Bait, or any other Right which may now be lawfully exercised by such Person within the Limits of any such Fishery.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed during this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then .next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize ' for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of c Parliament, an Application of a Portion of the Highway ' Rates to Turnpike Roads in certain Cases, which Act has

been continued by sundry Acts until the First Day of October

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and ' to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and it

is expedient that the same be further continued Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be continued until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

1847.

Canal Compatriot.

Cap. 94.

717

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to amend an Act to enable Canal Companies to become Carriers upon their Canals.

[22d July 1847.]

an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of

A TJ . A | J A A

the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 8 & 9 Victc. 42.

to enable Canal Companies to became Carriers of Goods upon ' their Canals, whereby, upon the Recital that by divers Acts ' of Parliament Railway Companies had been empowered to 6 convey upon their Railways all such Goods, Wares, Merchan-

dize. Articles, Matters, and Things as might be offered to ' them for that Purpose, and that greater Competition for the ' public Advantage would be obtained if similar Powers were ' granted to Canal and Navigation Companies, it was enacted,

that it should be lawful to the Proprietors, Trustees, or

Undertakers of any Canal, River, or Navigation, or their respective Committees, Directors, or Managers, or their Superintendents or other Agents, to carry as Common Carriers for ' their own Profit upon their respective Canals, Rivers, or ' Navigations, and upon any Railways or Tramways belonging ' thereto, and upon other Canals, Rivers, and Navigations communicating directly or indirectly therewith, all such Goods,

Wares, Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things as might be intrusted to them for that Purpose, and to purchase, hire,

and construct, and to use and employ, any Number of Boats,

Barges, Vessels, Rafts, Carts, Waggons, Carriages, and other ' Conveniences, and to establish and nirnish Haulage, Trackage,

or other Means of drawing or propelling the same by Steam, c Animal, or other Power, or for the Purpose of collecting,

carrying, conveying, warehousing, and delivering such Goods, c Wares, Merchandize, Articles, Matters, and Things: And whereas the Proprietors, Trustees, and Undertakers of many

Canals, Rivers, and Navigations are unable to avail themselves of the Provisions of the said recited Act by reason of their having no statutory Power of raising Money to be applied to the Purposes of the same, and it is expedient that the said recited Act should in that respect be amended, and that Powers should be granted to such Proprietors, Trustees,

and Undertakers to raise Money for the said Purposes, but

that Object cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Recited Act in and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act with

shall be incorporated with this Act. c

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to the Pro- C*1 Com-prietors, Trustees, and Undertakers of any Canal, River, or bor-

Navigation who shall have in the Manner provided by the row Money as said recited Act adopted the Powers and Provisions of the prescribed by same to borrow on Mortgage or Bond in the Manner or as 25d n^and*6 '

. oau i and

nearly apply the same

718

to Purposes of recited Act.

Saving Rights of existing Creditors.

8 & 9 Vict. cc. 16. and 17. incorporated with this Act.

Companies not exempt from Provisions of any future general Act.

Act may be amended, Ac.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 45.

Cap. 94, 95. Canal Companies. 10 & 11 Vict.

nearly as may be in the Manner prescribed by the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or the Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, as the Case may be, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in all at any One Time One Tenth Part of the paid-up Capital Stock of such Proprietors, Trustees, or Undertakers respectively, and to apply the Monies so raised to the Purposes of the said recited Act, or any of such Purposes: Provided always, that the Monies so borrowed shall not be applied to any other Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that the Monies so to be borrowed, together with any Monies otherwise borrowed by any such Proprietors, Trustees, or Undertakers as aforesaid, shall not in all exceed One Third Part of the paid-up Capital of such Proprietors, Trustees, or Undertakers respectively; and that no Mortgage or Bond to be granted for any Monies borrowed in virtue of this Act shall prejudice or affect any Security previously granted for any Monies borrowed by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to any such Canal, River, or Navigation.

III. And for the Purposes of this Act, be it enacted, That such of the Clauses and Provisions of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and of the Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, respectively, as the Case maybe, as relate to the borrowing of Money by Companies on Mortgage or Bond, and to the Conversion of borrowed Money into Capital, shall be incorporated with this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Canal or Navigation Company who have adopted or shall adopt the Powers of the said recited Act from the Operation of any general Act regulating the Manner of charging Tolls and other Charges upon Canals or Navigations in respect of Passengers, Goods, Animals, Articles, and Things of a like Description that may be passed in the course of this or any future Session of Parliament.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Protection in the Colonies of Works entitled to Copyright in the United Kingdom.

[22d July 184/.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parlia-

' monf Vinlrlnn in "FiAU nnd QivfVi Vonno /vP IT n.

ment holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Copyright, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Person not being the Proprietor of the Copyright, or some Person authorized by him, to import into any Part of the United Kingdom, or into any other Part of the British Dominions, for Sale or Hire, any printed Book first composed or written or printed or published in any Part of the

1847* Copyright (Colonies). Cap. 95. 719

1 the United Kingdom wherein there shall be Copyright, and

reprinted in any Country or Place whatsoever out of the

British Dominions: And whereas by an Act passed in the

Session of Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years

of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to 8 & 9 Vict. c. 93.

regulate the Trade of the British Possessions abroad, Books

wherein the Copyright is subsisting, first composed or written ' or printed in the United Kingdom, and printed or reprinted

in any other Country, are absolutely prohibited to be imported ' into the British Possessions abroad: And whereas by the said last-recited Act it is enacted, that all Laws, Bye Laws, Usages,

or Customs in practice, or endeavoured or pretended to be in

force or practice, in any of the British Possessions in America,

which are in anywise repugnant to the said Act or to any Act of Parliament made or to be made in the United Kingdom,

1 so far as such Act shall relate to and mention the said Possessions, are and shall be null and void to all Intents and (Purposes whatsoeverNow be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, in case the Legislature or proper legislative Autho- Her Majesty rities in any British Possession shall be disposed to make due I108)?*111m

* ccrtdin Loses

Provision for securing or protecting the Rights of British the Prohibitions Authors in such Possession, and shall pass an Act or make an against the Ad-Ordinance for that Purpose, and shall transmit the same in the proper Manner to the Secretary of State, in order that it \nto the Colo! may be submitted to Her Majesty, and in case Her Majesty nies in certain shall be of opinion that such Act or Ordinance is sufficient for Cases> the Purpose of securing to British Authors reasonable Protection within such Possession, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, if She think fit so to do, to express Her Royal Approval of such Act or Ordinance, and thereupon to issue an Order in Council declaring that so long as the Provisions of such Act or Ordinance continue in force within such Colony the Prohibitions contained in the aforesaid Acts, tad hereinbefore recited, and any Prohibitions contained in the said Acts or in any other Acts against the importing, selling, letting out to hire, exposing for Sale or Hire, or possessing Foreign Reprints of Books first composed, written, printed, or published in the United Kingdom, and entitled to Copyright therein, shall be suspended so far as regards such Colony; and thereupon such Act or Ordinance shall come into operation, except so far as may be otherwise provided therein, or as may be otherwise directed by such Order in Council, any thing in the said last-recited Act or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That every such Order in Council Orders in shall, within One Week after the issuing thereof, be published ^"i^ediii6 in the London Gazette, and that a Copy thereof, and of every Gwette, and such Colonial Act or Ordinance so approved as aforesaid by with the Her Majesty, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament

to be laid before Par lumen t.

Act may be

amended, &c.

Trustee* may pay Trust Monies or transfer Stocks and Securities into the Court of Chancery.

Receipt of Rank Cashier, or Certificate of proper Officer, to be sufficient Discharge.

Court of Chancery to make Orders on Petition, without Rill, for Appli-

Cap. 95, 96. Copyright (Colonies). 10 & 11 Yfott

within Six Weeks after the issuing of such Order, if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting then within Six Weeks after the opening of the next Session 5 Parliament.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for better securing Trust Funds, and for the Relief of Trustees.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide Means for better

* securing Trust Funds, and for relieving Trustees from ' the Responsibility of administering Trust Funds in Cases

where they are desirous of being so relieved Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Trustees, Executors, Administrators, or other Persons, having in their Hands any Monies belonging to any Trust whatsoever, or the major Part of them, shall be at liberty, on filing an Affidavit, shortly describing the Instrument creating the Trust, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, to pay the same, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, into the Bank of England, to the Account of such Accountant General in the Matter of the particular Trust (describing the same by the Names of the Parties, as accurately as may be, for the Purpose of distinguishing it), in trust to attend the Orders of the said Court; and that all Trustees or other Persons haying any Annuities or Stocks standing in their Name in the Boob of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or of the East India Company, or South Sea Company, or any Government or Parliamentary Securities standing in their Names, or in the Names of any deceased Persons of whom they shall be personal Representatives, upon any Trusts whatsoever, or the major Part of them, shall be at liberty to transfer or deposit such Stocks or Securities into or in the Name of the said Accountant General, with his Privity, in the Matter of the particular Trust (describing the same as aforesaid), in trust to attend the Orders of the said Court; and in every snfli Ctse the Receipt of One of the Cashiers of the said Bank for the Money so paid, or, in the Case of Stock$ or Securities, the Certificate of the proper Officer, of the Transfer or Deposit of such Stocks or Securities, shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Trustees or other Persons for the Money so paid, or the Stocks or Securities so transferred ot deposited

II. And be it enacted, That such Ordets shall seem fit shall be from Time to Time made by the High Court of Chancery in respect of the Trust Monies, Stocks, or Securities so paid in, transferred, and deposited as aforesaid, and for the

Investment

184# 'r Trustees Relief. Cap. 96, 97.

Investment and Payment of any such Monies, or of any Dividends or Interest on any such Stocks or Securities, and for the Transfer and Delivery out of any such Stocks and Securities, and for the Administration of any such Trusts generally, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way to the Lord Chancellor or the Master of the Rolls, without Bill, by such Party or Parties as to the Court shall appear to be competent and necessary in that Behalf, and Service of such Petition shall be made upon such Person or Persons as the Court shall see fit and direct; and every Order made upon any such Petition shall have the same Authority and Effect, and shall be enforced and subject to Re-hearing and Appeal, in the same Manner as if the same had been made in a Suit regularly instituted in the Court; and if it shall appear that any such Trust Funds cannot be safely distributed without the Institution of One or more Suit or Suits, the Lord Chancellor or Master of the Rolls may direct any such Suit or Suits to be instituted *

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the additional Remuneration which the said Accountant General may receive in consequence of the Operation of this Act shall not have the Effect of giving to him any Claim for a larger Income by way of Salary or otherwise, in the event of the said Office of Accountant General being hereafter regulated by competent Authority, than would have been assigned to him if this Act had not been passed.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Lord Chancellor, with the Assistance of the Master of the Rolls or of One of the Vice Chancellors, shall have Power and is hereby authorized to make such Orders as from Time to Time shall seem necessary for better carrying the Provisions of this Act into effect.

V. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act the Expression " the Lord Chancellor" shall mean and include the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for the Discontinuance of the Attendance of the Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery in the Public Office, and for transferring the Business of such Public Office to the Affidavit Office in Chancery.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of

" His late Majesty Charles the Second it was amongst

other things enacted, that from and after the Threo-and- twentieth Day of October in the Year One thousand six t hundred and sixty-one there should be On? Public Office kept

721

eation of Trust Monies and Administration of Trust.

Regulating Salary of Accountant General.

Lord Chancellor, with Master of the Rolls, Ac., may make General Orders.

Construction of Expression " Lord Chancellor.

Act may be amended, Ac.

Attendance of Masters in Ordinary discontinued.

Lord Chancel-

722 Cap. 97. Master in Chancery Affidavit Office. 10 & 11 Vict.

i as near the BoDs as conveniently might be, in which the 6 Masters in Ordinary, or One of them, should constantly attend for the Administration of Oaths and other Purposes therein ' mentioned: And whereas it is expedient that the said Masters ' should no longer attend in Person at the said Public Office, f and that the Duties required by the said recited Act should be ' otherwise provided for:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 'and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed, and that the Attendance of the said Masters at the Public Office be discontinued from and after the Time at which this Act shall come into operation.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord W may anoint Chancellor to appoint One fit and proper Person to assist in the sistanTcierk o Performance of the Duties of the Clerk of Affidavits and of the Affidavits. Assistant Clerk of Affidavits, and of the other Duties hereby transferred to them, to be called the Second Assistant Clerk of ///^Affidavits, and that the Duties by the said recited Act directed ./ Y* c to be done and performed by the Masters in Ordinary in the ' Public Office shall hereafter be done and performed by the said

Clerk of Affidavits and the Assistant Clerks of Affidavits, in such Place and in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as the Lord Chancellor shall from Tune to Time order and direct, and they and each of them are hereby authorized to do

and perform the same.

III. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to the said Clerk of Affidavits and the said Assistant Clerks of Affidavits such Remuneration, either in Salary and Fees, or partly by Salary and partly by Fees, as the Lord Chancellor shall think

S'fant of /V fit, not exceeding in the whole One thousand two hundred Pounds to the Clerk of Affidavits, Eight hundred Pounds to the /!'*C First and Four hundred Pounds to the Second Assistant Clerk of Affidavits; and that it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to make such Order and Orders as may be necessary for Payment of so much of such Remuneration as shall consist of Salary out of the Fund intituled " The Suitors Fee Fund Account," and for the Payment of any Part of the Fees to be received to the Account of the said Fund.

IV. And be it enacted, That William Thodey Smith, the present Clerk of the said Public Office, be and he is hereby appointed the Second Assistant Clerk of Affidavits under this Act, and that the Salary or Remuneration he shall receive under the Provisions of this Act shall be and the same is hereby declared to be in lieu of and as Compensation for the Loss sustained by him in respect of the Fees hitherto received by him

Saving Rights as Clerk of the said Public Office: Provided always, and it is ofw. T. Smith, hereby declared, that this Act shall not take away, diminish, or in any way prejudice the Rights and Interests of William Thodey Smith to and in the Compensation granted, awarded, and ordered to be paid to him under and by virtue of the Three several Acts of

Lord Chancellor may order Remuneration to be paid to the Clerk and Assistant of

Appointment of Second Assistant Clerk of Affidavits.

1847. Master in Chancery Affidavit Office. Cap. 97. 723

of Parliament herein-after mentioned; that is to say, an Act made and passed in the First and Second Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to establish 1 & 2 W. 4. C. 56. a Court in Bankruptcy, an Act made and passed in the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for abolishing 5 & 6 Vict. c.ios. certain Offices of the High Court of Chancery in England, and an Act made and passed in the Seventh Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending several 6 & 7 Vict. c. 7S. of the Laws relating to Attornies and Solicitors practising in England and Wales; and that the Rights and Interests of the said William Thodey Smith under each of the said Acts respectively shall be and continue the same to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed, and as if he had continued to hold his Office of Clerk of the Public Office, but nevertheless only for such Period as he shall hold the Office of Second Clerk of Affidavits under this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lord Chancei-Chancellor, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by any Order made on a Petition presented Gf Treasury, to him for that Purpose after the Tenth Day of August next order retiring after the passing of this Act, to order (if he shall think fit) to be paid to any Person executing the Office of Clerk of Affi- Cers, not exceed-davits, Assistant Clerk of Affidavits, or Second Assistant Clerk ing Two Thirds of Affidavits, or of Chief Clerk or Junior or Copying Clerk to of their the Master in Ordinary of the Court of Chancery, who shall be afflicted with some permanent Infirmity disabling him from the due Execution of his Office, and shall be desirous of resigning the same, an Annuity not exceeding Two Third Parts of the yearly Salary which such Person shall be entitled to at the Time of presenting such Petition, to be paid out of the Interest and Dividends of the Government or Parliamentary Securities which may be at any Time standing in the Name of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery to an Account intituled "Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," and an Account intituled " Account of Securities purchased with surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to an Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," or either of them; and the Annuity mentioned in such Order shall be paid by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England out of the Interest and Dividends aforesaid (but subject and without Prejudice to the Payment of all Salaries and other Sums of Money by any Act of Parliament already directed or authorized to be paid thereout) by even and equal Payments on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year during the Life of such Person; and the Executors and Administrators of such Person shall be entitled to receive and shall be paid such proportionate Part of the said Annuity as shall have accrued from the next preceding quarterly Day of Payment to the Day of his Death.

724 Cap. 97, 98. Matter in CA Officti 10 & llrYicr.

[Commencement of Act.]

Oiit of whnfc Pud Conpctb aations awarded uader Pro. 1 ailioai of 10 & 11VicL . c. 60. to be paid.

Lord Keeper may act for, Lord Chancellor.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the Tenth Day of August next.

VII. ' And whereas by an Act passed in this Session of ' Parliament, intituled An Act to abolish One of the Office* of Master in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, with ' the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, ' to award sneh Compensation (if any), and in such Manner and ' upon such Conditions as he might think fit, to George Barrett ' and Edward Wright, the late Chief and Second Clerks of ' Andrew Henry Lynch, or either of them, in consideration of the Loss they or he may haye sustained by reason of the Abo-f lition of the said Office by the said Act: And whereas no Provision, was made in the said Act for the Payment of such ' Compensation:' Be it therefore enacted, That such Compensation shall be paid by the Accountant General, by yhrtue of an Order for that Purpose to be made by the said Lord Chancellor, out of the Fund intituled " The Suitors Fee Fund Account."

VILL. And be it enacted, That in construing this Act all Things directed to be done by the Lord Chancellor shall and may be done by a Lord Keeper or the First Commissioner for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

Act iti*y be '

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or

amended, *e. repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of

Parliament.

CAP. XCVIII.

T An Act to amend the Law as to Eccleriastic^ Jurisdiction in England.

[22d July 184/.]

WHEREAS much Inconvenience ensues from the edn-f tinued Suspension of the Jurisdiction of the several Diocesan Courts in England within those Parts of the Diboefccs

which have been added thereunto under the Authority of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His lute A7W. 4. C. 77. Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying into effect the Reports

of the Commissioners appointed to consider the State of the Established Church in England and Wales with reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage; and it is expedient that some Remedy be thereunto applied:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Atrtho-

BUbop to exer- rity of the same, That the Bishop of every Diocese in England cise JuvjsfHo- shall by himself or his Officers exercise throughout the whole of kis Diocese as it now is or hereafter may be limited orconsti-Mrc in CauMt tuted, save only in Causes and Matters testamentary or relating fcwtametitwy. to the Administration of the personal Estate of Intestates, the same Jurisdiction and Authority which before the passing of this ' Act

725

1847. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Amendment Cap. 18.

Act he or any Bishop lawfully could or might exercise by himself or his Officers within any Part of such Diocese,

II. And be it enacted, That the Officers of the several Diocesan and other Courts shall keep an Account in Writing of the gross and net Amount of all Fees, Allowances, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received by them respectively on account of their several Offices or Employments in respect of any Causes or Matters arising within the Diocese which during the Continuance of the temporary Provisions of the first-recited Act were not within the Jurisdiction of the Bishop of the Diocese or other Ecclesiastical Authority, and shall from Time to Time, once at least in every Quarter of a Year, and, on Demand, at any other Time, pay over the net Amount thereof to the Treasurer of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anns, to be by him carried to a separate Account, and retained until Parliament shall provide for the Appropriation thereof; and in case any Person required to pay over any Money under this Act shall die or resign or be dismissed from his Office while any such Money remains unpaid by him, the Executors or Administrators of the Person so dying, or the Person himself so resigning or dismissed, shall be required to pay the Balance of the Money so remaining due and unpaid.

III. And be it enacted, That the Jurisdiction of every Ecclesiastical Court in England in Causes and Matters testamentary or relating to the Administration of the/personal Estate of Intestates shall continue unaltered by any Change of Provinde, Diocese, Archdeaconry, or other Jurisdiction whatever within the same Limits and in Hke Manner as was by Law allowed before the passing of the herein-before recited Act,

IV. And be it enacted, That the Law of Bona notabilia shall be continued unaltered by any Change of Province, Diocese, Archdeaconry, or other Jurisdiction whatsoever Tender the Authority of the first-recited Act as it was before the pasting of the herein-before recited Act.

V. And be it enacted, That all Authorities, save and except the Authority of the Bishop of whose Diocese any Portion has been.or may hereafter be taken away and added to another Diocese under the Provisions of the herein-before recited Act, shall continue to grant Marriage Licences in the same Manner and within the same District as they might have done before the passing of the said Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to interfere with the Jurisdiction or Concurrent Jurisdiction, as the Case may be, of the Bishops of the several Dioceses in England to grant Marriage Licences in and throughout the whole of their Dioceses, as such are now or hereafter may be limited or constituted.

VI. And be it enacted, That the temporary Provisions of the herein-before recited Act which by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to suspend, until *the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred, and fortgbsevsny the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses, so far as it affects the existing Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions,

Officers of Dio-emn Courts to account for ail Fees, &c. received by them.

Jurisdiction in Caures xcatar mentary to continue unaltered by Change of Province, &c.

Law of Dona notabilia to continue unaltered by Change of Province, &c.

Certain Authorities may continue to, grant

Marriage Licences as heretofore.

Jurisdiction of Bishops to grant Licences not to be interfered with.

Temporary Provisions of 6 & 7 W*<e.77. oontiftuedby 7&S Vict. e»68. to cease on 2d Nov. 1847.

[Commencement of Act.]

Out of whrft

Fund Compensation* awarded under Provisions of 10&U Vict. c. 60. to be paid.

Cap. >7, 98. Matter at Ckmxery Affidavit Officer 10 & lklfrr

Ixird Keeper may act for Lord Chancellor.

Act may be amended, &c.

YL And be it enacted, That this Act shall commenoj'' g? effect firom the Tenth Day of August next. 6 £

VII. 'And whereas by an Act passed £

Parliament, intituled An Act to abolish Ojie t £

6 Master in Ordinary of the High Court o f jtg jr f c enacted, that it should be lawful for the J ' the Consent of the Commissioners of Y to award such Compensation (if any)

upon such Conditions as he might t? 4 £ .0 (and Edward Wright, the late f? f (A

Andrew Henry Lynch9 or eithe' / r ? i the Loss they or he may have ' lition of the said Office by ' Provision was made in tlr ' Compensation:' Be it th sation shall be paid by tl Order for that Purpose out of the Fund intitu1 '/

VIII. And be it Things directed to may be done by r the Custody of t '

Britain and In

IX. And ' repealed by

r

An

ft , of drought . the passing otion or Autho-arish or Place since oefore the First Day of nop or any Officer of the Archdeacon of the Diocese to .elonged, either before or since the Act, which does not conflict with any j*tion or Authority previously and since rirst-recited Act exercised as to such Parish ^Bther Bishop or Officer of any other Bishop or Parliamen' lVing or claiming to have Jurisdiction as to such iface, the same shall be deemed as good and valid as ' rtrish or Place had then been wholly and undoubtedly MffrQ. Diocese and Jurisdiction of the Bishop by whom, or ft Officer of whom, such Act of Jurisdiction or Authority 'J been exercised.

ft. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall have

appointed after the passing of the first-recited Act, except herein excepted, or who shall be appointed after the passing

fli'/th is Act, to the Office of Judge, Registrar, or other Officer of ^Any Ecclesiastical Court in England, shall hold the same subject \ to all Regulations and Alterations affecting the same which may hereafter be made by Authority of Parliament; nor shall any Person by his Appointment to any such Office acquire any Claim or Title to Compensation in case the same be hereafter altered or abolished by Act of Parliament.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of

1^1! Vict. c. 7. Parliament, intituled An Act for the temporary Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland, and it is necessary to authorize a

further

& 7 W.

0* 1 &

Destitute Persons (Inland) (No. 8.) Cap. 99, 100.

Advance of Money for the Relief of the destitute Poor addition to the Sums advanced by virtue of the

Sf another Act to authorize a further Advance N — i in the present Session of Parliament: '

vby the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, vand Consent of the Lords Spiritual in this present Parliament assem- ^he same, That it shall be lawful esty's Treasury of the United "or any Three or more imporary Advance, from k first Day of October in of the growing Profited Kingdom of Great .Sums of Money not exceeding ands, by way of Imprest, to the .nng in execution of the said recited applied for the Purposes specified in the # of Loan on the Security of the Rates made u in pursuance thereof, or of an Act passed in the i^ar of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act .C* more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland; and such Sums of Money shall be repaid to the said Consolidated Fund by the said Relief Commissioners, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, from and out of the Rates to be levied in the Union on behalf of which such Loan shall have been made.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said first-recited Act shall be applied and extended to this Act, and to the Sum hereby authorized to be advanced, in such and the like Manner as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

727

Treasury may cause a temporary Advance to be made to Relief Commissioners acting in execution of recited Act.

5$$

l& 2 Vict. c .56.

Provisions of first-recited Act extended to this Act.

CAP. C.

An Act to regulate the Superannuation Allowances of the Constabulary Force in Ireland and the Dublin Metropolitan Police.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth,

f intituled An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Con- 6&7 W.4. c. 13. stabulary Force in Ireland, and it is expedient that certain of the Provisions of the same, as herein-after mentioned, should

f be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made relating thereto:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That So much of rc-so much of the said recited Act as provides for a Deduction De-

to be made from the Pay and Salary of the several Persons auctions from

appointed Pay. Formation

Commencement and Conti m&nce of Act.

Confirming certain Acts of Jurisdiction.

Officers appointed under this Act to be subject to Regulations hereafter made by Parliament.

Act may be amended, &c.

10&ll Vict. c. 7.

Cap. 98, 99. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Amendment 10 & 11 Vict.

tions, and for obtaining Returns from and the Inspection of the Registries of Jurisdictions, now stand continued until the Thirty-first Day of December next, shall continue in force until the Second Day of November in this Year, and shall then cease to be in force.

VII. And be it enacted, That so much of this Act as is herein-before contained shall commence and come into force on the First Day of November in this Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and shall continue until the First Day of August in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and, if Parliament be then sitting, until the End of the then Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That where under the Provisions of the first-recited Act any Parish or Place shall have been brought within any Diocese to which it did not belong before the passing of the first-recited Act, and any Act of Jurisdiction or Authority shall have been exercised as to such Parish or Place since the passing of the first-recited Act, and before the First Day of November in this Year, by the Bishop or any Officer of the Bishop of the Diocese or any Archdeacon of the Diocese to which such Parish or Place belonged, either before or since the passing of the first-recited Act, which does not conflict with any similar Act of Jurisdiction or Authority previously and since the passing of the first-recited Act exercised as to such Parish or Place by any other Bishop or Officer of any other Bishop or Archdeacon having or claiming to have Jurisdiction as to such Parish or Place, the same shall be deemed as good and valid as if such Parish or Place had then been wholly and undoubtedly within the Diocese and Jurisdiction of the Bishop by whom, or by any Officer of whom, such Act of Jurisdiction or Authority shall have been exercised.

IX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall have been appointed after the passing of the first-recited Act, except as therein excepted, or who shall be appointed after the passing of this Act, to the Office of Judge, Registrar, or other Officer of any Ecclesiastical Court in England, shall hold the same subject to all Regulations and Alterations affecting the same which may hereafter be made by Authority of Parliament; nor shall any Person by his Appointment to any such Office acquire any Claim or Title to Compensation in case the same be hereafter altered or abolished by Act of Parliament.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to authorize a further Advance of Money for the Relief of destitute Persons in Ireland.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the present Session of ' Parliament, intituled An Act for the temporary ReKefof

« destitute Persons in Ireland, and it is necessary to authorize a

further

1841

727

Destitute Persons (Ireland) (No. 3.) Cap. 99, 100.

further Advance of Money for the Relief of the destitute Poor

in Ireland, in addition to the Sums advanced by virtue of the said Act, and of another Act to authorize a further Advance c of Money, also passed in the present Session of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful Treasury may for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United cause a tempo-Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more m^aen^ of them, to cause to be issued, as a temporary Advance, from Relief Com-Time to Time, at any Time before the First Day of October in missioned act-this Year, as they may find necessary, out of the growing Pro- o^r^iter Act1 duoe of the Consolidated Ftrnd of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Imprest, to the Relief Commissioners acting in execution of the said recited Act, to be by them applied for the Purposes specified in the said Act, by way of Loan on the Security of the Rates made or to be made in pursuance thereof, or of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act i& 2 Vict. c. 56. for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland; and all such Sums of Money shall be repaid to the said Consolidated Fund by the said Relief Commissioners, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, from and out of the Rates to be levied in the Union on behalf of which such Loan shall have been made.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Clauses, Provisions, Mat- Provisions of ters, and Things contained in the said first-recited Act shall be applied and extended to this Act, and to the Sum hereby to this Act. authorized to be advanced, in such and the like Manner as if the said Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and Things had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. C.

An Act to regulate the Superannuation Allowances of the Constabulary Force in Ireland and the Dublin Metropolitan Police.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Con- 6&7 W.4. c.is. (stabulary Force in Ireland, and it is expedient that certain of the Provisions of the same, as herein-after mentioned, should ' be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made relating thereto:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That So much of re-80 much of the said recited Act as provides for a Deduction '^e^to De-to be made from the Pay and Salary of the several Persons ductbnsofrom

appointed Pay, Formation

of Superannuation Fund, and Condition* of Allowances, repealed, mtc as herein set forth.

Regulations for establishing a Constabulary Superannuation Fund.

Lord Lieutenant empowered to superannuate Constables according to Scale of Superannuation herein mentioned.

Cap. H)Oi CfMtalmlary Porce(Irthnd]. 10 & 11 Vltfr.

ftopoSnted under the said Act, and for the Fbwnatioa of the Police Superannuation Fund therein mentioned, or any Deficiency of the same, and so much of the said recited Act as empowers the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to superannuate any Magistrate, Superintendent, Inspector General, Deputy Inspector, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Chief or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, or as relates to any yearly Allowance, Remuneration, Superannuation, or Gratuity to be received by any Person so superannuated, and so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Conditions or Proportions of any such Allowance, Remuneration, or Superannuation, or any Allowance in case of Wounds, shall from and after the passing of this Act be and the same is hereby repealed, save and except as to the Mode of calculating Periods of Seryice, and save and except as to any Allowance, Remuneration, Superannuation, or Gratuity heretofore granted or ordered, or any Act, Matter, or Thing heretofore done, under any of the Provisions aforesaid; every which Act, Matter, or Thing shall be and remain valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not passed.

II. And, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act there shall be deducted from the Pay and Salary of the Several Magistrates heretofore appointed, and of the Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General, Assistant Inspector General, the several County Inspectors, Snb^-Inspectors, Officers, Head Constables, Constables, or Sub-Constables *, heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed under the recited Act or any Act amending the same, except the Receiver and Paymasters, the Sum of Two Pounds per Centum per Annum, and so rateably, from any Pay or Salary of whatever Amount; and the Sums So deducted shall be applied from Time to Time as Occasion may require for the Payment of such Superannuation or retiring Allowances or Gratuities as may be or may have been at any Time from the passing of the said first-recited Act ordered or appointed from Time to Time by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, under the Powers

S*ven to him or them respectively under the said first-recited ct, or any Act amending the same, or this Act; and in case the Sums so deducted shall amount to a larger Sum than may be required to pay the Amount at any Time due or payable on sruch Superannuations, Pensions, and Gratuities, the Excess shall be paid into the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at such Time and in such Mariner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct.

III. And be it Cnafcted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant qr other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Ms or their DiScretion, upon the Pfetition of any sfleh Head of other Constable or Sub-Constable as aforesaid, to order and direct that any such Head or other Constable or Sub-Constable feholl and may be superannuated, and shall and may receive such

1M7* rr r (Constabulary %or<x{bretend). Cap. lOOt 729

yearly Allowance, Superannuation, Pension, or Gratuity out of such Police Superannuation Fund, not exceeding the Proportion of their respective Pay or Salary stated in the Scale herein-after mentioned: Provided nevertheless, that in each such Case, unless the Age of the respective Party shall exceed Sixty Years, such Person or Persons as may be from, Time to Time appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Medical Inspection of the Persons belonging to the Constabulary Force shall certify that such Party is unable, from mental or bodily Infirmity, to perform his Duty, and provided that in each and every Case the Inspector of the County or otheir Superior Officer shall also certify that such Party has served, with Diligence and fidelity ,; and which said Scale of yearly Allowance or Superannuation shall be as follows; (that is tp say,) for any Head or other Constable or Sub-Constable heretofore appointed after Fifteen Years Service and under Twenty Years Service any yearly Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of the,

Salary of such Party, and after Twenty Years Service any yearly Sum not exceeding the whole of such Pay or Salary 5 and for any Head or other Constable or Sub-Constable hereafter to be appointed after Fifteen Years Service and under Twenty Years Service any Sum not exceeding One Half of the Salary of such Party, after Twenty Years Service and under Twenty-five Years Service any Sum not exceeding Two Thirds 1 ' (

of the Salary-of such Party, after Twenty-five Years Service and undpr Thirty Years Service any Sum not exceeding Thrqe Fourths of the Salary of such Party, and after Thirty Years Service, any Sum not exceeding the whole Salary / of, such Party.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Com- Power to missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury* or any Three or mom Treasury, upon of them, uppn the Recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant m^ndation of or other, Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, supported by Lord Lieute-a Certificate from the Inspector General, or in the Case of «ant, &c, to the Inspector General's Superannuation then on the Certificate, ^tion^w-of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant, that the respective ances to Party, jas herein-after mentioned, had served with Diligence)and Officers. Fidelity, to order and direct that any Magistrate heretofore appointed, or any Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General Assistant Inspector General, County Inspector, or Sub-Inspector of the Constabulary Force, heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall and may be superannuated, and shall and may receive such) yearly Allowance, Superannuation, Pension* or Gratuity as on Consideration of all the Circumstances of each Case they shall think just and fitting, not exceeding in the Case of any such Magistrate, Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General, Assistant Inspector General, County Inspector^ or i

Sub-Inspector respectively heretofore appointed to such Offices or any other Offices in the Constabulary Force, such Proportion of their respective Pay or Salary as herein-after mentioned;

(that is to say,) >for above Fifteen Years -Service and loss than "

Twenty, Ywam wwd .Sun* not .gxceedfog Tw*>

Thirds

Allowances or Pensions may be granted in case of being disabled, Arc. in the Service.

Allowances may be granted in certain other Cases.

Surplus of Reward Fund to be applied for Payment of Pensions.

Deficiency of Funds for Payment of such

Cap. 100. Constabulary Force (Irdemd). 10 & 11 YlOr.

Thirds of the Salary of such Party; for above Twenty Yean Service an annual Sum not exceeding the whole of the Salary of such Party; but in the Case of any such Inspector General, Deputy Inspector General, Assistant Inspector General, County Inspector, or Sub-Inspector hereafter to be appointed, such yearly Allowance, Superannuation, Pension, or Gratuity shall not exceed such Proportion of their respective Pay or Salary as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for above Fifteen Yean Service and under Twenty Years Service an annual Sum not exceeding One Half of the Salary of such Party, for above Twenty Years Service and under Thirty Years Service an annual Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of such Salary, for above Thirty Years Service and under Forty Yearn Service an annual Sum not exceeding Three Fourths of such Salary, and for above Forty Years Service an annual Sum not exceeding the whole of such Salary: Provided also, that in every such Case, unless the Age of such Party shall exceed Sixty Years, a Certificate shall be given by such Person or Persons as shall be from Time to Time appointed by the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors for the Medical Inspection of Persons belonging to the said Constabulary Foroe, that such Party so to be superannuated is unable, from mental or bodily Infirmity, to perform his Duty.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, on the Recommendation of the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, to order that a yearly Allowance or Pension, not exceeding the whole of the Salary of the Party, shall be paid to any Officer, or Head or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, who shall have been disabled from further Service by Wounds or Injuries received in the Execution of his Duty.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to order that a Gratuity, not exceeding One Month's Pay for each Year's Service, shall be paid to any Officer, Head or other Constable, or Sub-Constable, who shall be duly certified to be unfit for Service, and to have served with Diligence and Fidelity for any Number of Years not exceeding Ten Years, and a further Gratuity of Two Months Pay for each Year he shall have served exceeding Ten Years and not exceeding Fifteen Years.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to direct the Application of any Surplus which may now remain of the Police Reward Fund of the Constabulary Force, and any Surplus that may hereafter accrue of the said Reward Fund, to the Payment of the Pensions, Superannuations, or Allowances which have been or may hereafter be granted to any Officers, or Head or other Constables, or Sab-Constables of the said Constabulary Force, and to charge on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain

1947* Consktubnlary Force (Ireland). Cap. 100. 731

and Ireland any Sum of Money which, after applying such Sur- Pensions to be plus as aforesaid, and the Sums arising from the Deduction to be made as aforesaid from the Pay of the Constabulary Force, shall Fun(j. still be required for the Payment of the Pensions or Superannuations which may at any Time bd due and payable as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord T*1 Number Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to ci^uin f direct that such Number of Clerks shall be employed in the the Inspector Establishment of the Office of the Inspector General of the said General's Office Constabulary Force, and at such Amount of Salary respectively, t^Tn^ry* as shall from Time to Time be determined by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them, any thing in an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better 2&s Vict. c. 75. Regulation of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas by an Act of the Sixth and Seventh ' Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Police in the Dis- 6&7 W. 4. C. 29. trict of Dublin Metropolis, Provision is made for the granting ' of Pensions &b therein mentioned to Justices, Receivers, Constables, or other Persons holding any Office under the said Act, who shall by Age, Sickness, or Accident become unable to perform the Duties of such Office, and shall therefore resign or be removed from the same: And whereas by an Act of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

intituled An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Police of the 1 & 2 Vict c. 63. 4 District of the Dublin Metropolis, it is enacted that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to grant to any Divisional or other Justices, Receiver, Clerks, Constables, or other Persons appointed or to be appointed under an Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the' Third therein mentioned, or any Act for the Amendment thereof, or under the said Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, or any Act for the Amendment thereof, upon his Retirement or Superannuation from such Office, such yearly Allowance, Benumeration, Superannuation, or Gratuity, and upon such Conditions, and not exceeding such Proportions as to Age, Length of Service, and other Circumstances, as are mentioned and provided for in the herein-before mentioned Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to consolidate the Laws relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland, in respect of Persons appointed under that Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said last-mentioned Enactments should be repealed, and other Provisions substituted in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this ci^provisbns Act the said last-mentioned Enactments shall be and the same as to Pensions are hereby repealed, save and except as to any Pension, yearly Allowance, Remuneration, Superannuation, or Gratuity here- Metropolitan °

tofore Police.

Treasury may grant Superannuation Allowances to Justices and Officers of Dublin Police (other than Constables) heretofore appointed.

Lord Lieutenant may grant Superannuation Allowances to Constables of Dublin Police heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed.

Cap. 100. Conekdmktry Farce (Ireland). 10 & 11 Vict.

tofore granted, or as to any Act, Matter, or Thing heretofore done under the said Enactments, and save and except as "to the Mode of calculating Periods of Service.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, upon the Recommendation of the Lord Lieutenant or ether Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, supported by a Certificate from the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant that the respective Party as hereinafter mentioned had served with Diligence and Fidelity, to order and direct that any Divisional or other Justice, Receiver, Clerk, or other Person (not being a Constable or Sub-Constable) heretofore appointed under the said herein-before mentioned Act of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, or any Act for the Amendment thereof, or under the said recited Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for improving the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis, or any Act for the Amendment thereof, shall and may be superannuated, and shall and may receive such Pension or Superannuation, yearly Allowance, or Gratuity, charged, upon the Funds applicable to the Support of the said Metropolitan Police Establishment, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, aft on Consideration of all the Circumstances of each Case they shall think just, not exceeding such Proportion of their respective Pay or Salary as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for above Fifteen Years Service and less than Twenty Years Service an annual Sum not exceeding Two Thirds of the Pay or Salary of such Party, and for above Twenty Years Service an annual Sum not exceeding the whole of the Pay or Salary of such Party; provided that such Party shall contribute a Sum equal to Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on his Salary, from and after the passing of this Act to the Time of his Superannuation, such Contribution to be paid over to the Funds a Support of the said Dublin Metropolitan Police and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, upon a like Certificate as aforesaid, to order and direct that any Constable, heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed, under the said last-mentioned Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, or any Act amending the same, shall and may be superannuated, and shall and may receive such Pension or Superannuation, yearly Allowance, or Gratuity charged upon the said Funds applicable to the Support of the said Metropolitan Police Establishment, clear of all Taxes and Deductions, as on Consideration of all the Circumstances of each Case he or they shall think just, not exceeding the like respective Proportions of the Pay or Salary of the Party for the respective Periods of Service by this Act prescribed for the respective Gonstablea of the Constabulary Force heretofore appointed or hereafter to be appointed, as the Case may be: Provided always, that any such Constable hereafter to be appointed shall contribute towards the Payment of the Pensions, Superannuations, or Allowances

authorized

pplicablC to the Establishment;

V 33

18477 - v . Copyhold Communion. Cap. 100, Ml.

authorised to be granted under this Act as aforesaid a Sum equal to Two Pounds per Centum per Annum on his Salary, and so rateably for any lesser Amount, from the Time of his Appointment to the Time of his Superannuation; provided also, that in all such Cases as aforesaid, unless the Age of the respective Party shall exceed Sixty Years, such Person or Persons as may be from Time to Time appointed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Medical Inspection of the Dublin Metropolitan Police shall certify that such Party is unable from mental or bodily Infirmity to perform his Duty.

XL. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CL

An Act to continue the Copyhold Commission until, the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of thq

" Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Com-6 mutation of certain Manorial Rights in respect of Lands of

Copyhold and Customary Tenure, and in respect of other Lands ' subject to such Rights, and for facilitating the Enfranchisement of such Lands, and for the Improvement of such Tenure, it was

among other things enacted, that no Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or other Officer c or Person appointed under the said Act, should hold his Office

for a longer Period than Five Years next after the Day of the ' passing of the said Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act was amended and explained by an Act passed in the Seventh ' Year of the lieign of Her Majesty, and by an Act passed in

the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty: And whereas ' the said Commission was further continued by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the same be further continued:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, or other Officer or Person appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said Commission, shall be empowered (unless he shall sooner resign or be removed) to hold his Office, and so much of the first-recited Act as authorizes any such Appointment shall be continued, until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

Act may be amended, Ac.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 35.

Copyhold Commission to continue till 1st Oct. 1850.

Act may be amended, Ac.

734

Court of Review abolished.

Jurisdiction of Court of Review transferred to One of the Vice Chancellors.

Laws and Orders to apply to Vice Chancellor so sitting.

Jurisdiction of Courts of Bankruptcy under

5 & 6 Vict.

c. 116.,

7 & 8 Vict. c. 96., and 8 & 9 Vict. c. 127. transferred to Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors and to the County Courts.

Cap. 102. Bankruptcy and Insolvency. 10 & 11 Vict.

CAP. CII.

An Act to abolish the Court of Review in Bankruptcy, and to make Alterations in the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Bankruptcy and Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to abolish the Court of Review c " v in Bankruptcy, and to make Alterations in the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Bankruptcy and Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Court of Review in Bankruptcy and the Offices of the Chief Judge and other Judges of the Court of Bankruptcy be hereby abolished.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Jurisdiction, Powers, Authorities, and Privileges of the said Court of Review in Bankruptcy hereby abolished shall be transferred to and vested in and shall hereafter bo exercised and enjoyed by such One of the Vice Chancellors of the High Court of Chancery as the Lord Chancellor shall from Time to Time be pleased to appoint, and that all Persons now holding Office or acting in the said Court of Review shall continue to hold the same, and to perform the Duties thereof under the Jurisdiction hereby created, in the same Manner and under the same Tenure and subject to the same Regulations as they now hold the same and act therein: Provided always, that notwithstanding the passing of this Act the present Judges of the Court of Review shall be entitled to the same Rank and Precedence to which they are now entitled.

III. And be it enacted, That ail Laws, Orders, and Authorities touching the Practice and Manner of Proceeding in the said Court of Review, and appealing to and from the said Court, shall continue in force, and be applicable to the Jurisdiction of the said Vice Chancellor so appointed; and that all Sums and Fees shall continue to be payable and receivable by the like Persons, and shall continue to be paid and applied to the like Purposes, as the same have heretofore been paid and received in respect of any Matter in the said Court of Review.

IV. And be it enacted, That from the Time this Act shall commence and take effect all Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority given to Her Majesty's Court of Bankruptcy and District Courts of Bankruptcy, and to the Commissioners thereof, in Matters of Insolvency, by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law of Insolvency, Bankruptcy, and Execution, and by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for better securing the Payment of Small Debts, or by the Rules and Orders made in pursuance of any of the said Acts, shall be transferred

735

1847- - Bankruptcy and Ihsolvenctyk Cft$. 1021

ferred to and vested in the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, and to and in the Commissioners thereof for the Time being, and to and in the County Courts constituted or to be constituted under an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more easy 9 & 10 Vict. c. 95. Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, in manner hereinafter mentioned.

V. And be it enacted, That in the Court for the Relief of in insoivept Insolvent Debtors the Provisional Assignee* and in the said Debtors Court County Courts the Clerk of the Court, shall in every Case of Awign«^md Insolvency under such Two first-mentioned Acts be and act as in County the Official Assignee of the Estate and Effects of the Insolvent; Courts the and that in each of the said County Courts the Clerk of such M offidai^As-Court shall act as the Registrars of the Court of Bankruptcy signee; have heretofore been accustomed to act under any of the said Acts; and every such Clerk shall do and perform all Acts here- Clerks of tofore done and performed by such Registrars or by the Clerk of the Insolvent Debtors Court under any of the said Acts; and trars; dS every such Clerk shall do and perform all such Acts and Duties necessary for carrying this Act into effect as shall be ordered by any such County Court, or by any Commissioner of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and that the High Bailiffs of Bailiff of every such County Court and his Assistants shall be ^aaiis^es? and act as a Messenger of the Court of Bankruptcy and his sengers. Assistants have hitherto been accustomed to act under the said Acts; and such High Bailiff and his Assistants shall do all Acts heretofore done under the said Acts, and shall possess and enjoy all the Powers, Authorities, and Privileges when acting under the said Acts, as have been heretofore done, possessed, or enjoyed by any Messenger of the Court of Bankruptcy or his Assistants when acting under any of the said Acts, and shall do and perform all such Acts as shall be ordered by any such County Court for the Purpose of carrying this Act into effect *

VI. And be it enacted, That from the Time this Act shall Jurisdiction of commence and take effect the Court for the Relief of Insolvent 3^J^ltCourt Debtors in England, and the Commissioners thereof, and the an^ county* Judges of the County Courts aforesaid, shall have Jurisdiction Courts, in all Matters of Insolvency and Debt under the aforesaid Acts in manner following; that is to say, the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and the Commissioners thereof, in all Cases in which the Insolvent in Cases of Insolvency, or the Defendant in tho Case of any Summons issued under the aforesaid Act for the better securing the Payment of Small Debts, shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next immediately preceding the Time of filing Iris Petition, or of the suing out of any such Summons aforesaid within any Parish the Distance whereof, as measured by the nearest Highway from the General Post Office in London to the Parish Church of such Parish, shall not exceed the Distance of Twenty Miles, to which District the Jurisdiction of the said Court and the Commissioners thereof under the aforesaid Acts is hereby restricted; and the - . 3 A 2 said

Recited Acts to apply to Petitioners who have been in Prison.

If Insolvent shall not have resided Six Months, Jurisdiction vested in Insolvent Court or County Court.

Petitions now pending under recited Acts, See, to be disposed of notwithstanding the passing of this Act.

Jurisdiction of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors on Circuit transferred to County Courts.

Cap. 102. Bankruptcy and Insolvency. 10 & 11 Vict.

said County Courts aforesaid in all Cases wherein the Insolvent or Defendant shall have resided elsewhere, and shall have resided for Six Calendar Months next immediately preceding the Time of filing his Petition, or the suing out of any Summons within the District of SHch County Court to which such Insolvent shall prefer his Petition, or to which any Plaintiff may apply for any Summons as aforesaid; and that every Commissioner of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and every such County Court aforesaid, shall, from and after the Time this Act shall commence and take effect, have and exercise, in the Prosecution of such Petitions and Summonses filed and issued in such Courts respectively, the like Power and Authority in all respects under the aforesaid Acts as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Court of Bankruptcy and District Courts of Bankruptcy have heretofore had and exercised on the Presentation of Petitions of Insolvent Debtors, and on such Summonses as aforesaid, under such Acts, except as herein-after otherwise provided, and shall each, singly, be and form a Court for every Purpose under this or the aforesaid Acts; and that every Commissioner of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall henceforth, singly, be and form a Court for every Purpose under all Acts now m force or which may hereafter be in force relating to Insolvent Debtors.

VII. And be it declared and enacted, That the said Two first-mentioned Acts shall apply to the Cases of Persons petitioning under the said Acts, although they may have been already in Prison under Judgment or otherwise for Debt.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Insolvent shall not have so resided for Six Months in any One Place as aforesaid, then he shall file his Petition in the said Insolvent Debtors Court, and the Jurisdiction aforesaid in the Matter of such Insolvency shall be vested either in the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors in London, or in such One of the said County Courts as the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall direct.

IX. And be it enacted, That with respect to Petitions under the aforesaid Acts or either of them which are now in dependence, or which shall have been presented to the Court of Bankruptcy or any District Court of Bankruptcy before the Time at which this Act shall commence and take effect, the Provisions of such Acts, and the Jurisdiction of such Courts and the Commissioners thereof under such Acts, or under the Rules and Orders made in pursuance thereof, shall remain in full Force and Effect notwithstanding the passing of this Act

X. And be it enacted, That from and after the Fifteenth Day of September next the Circuits of the Commissioners of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall be abolished; and that if thereafter any Insolvent Debtor in Custody in any of Her Majesty's Gaols situated elsewhere than within the District to which the Jurisdiction of such Court is restricted as herein-before mentioned shall petition such Court under any Act or Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors, other than

1847.

737

Bankruptcy and Insolvency. Cap. 102.

the Two firat-mentioned Acts or this Act, or if any such Prisoner shall have so petitioned prior to the passing of this Act, and his Petition shall not have been heard, or if the same shall have been heard and the Consideration thereof shall have been adjourned, such Court or some Commissioner thereof shall forthwith, after the Schedule of such Prisoner shall have been duly filed in the Case of any new Petition, and at any Time which to such Court or Commissioner shall seem fit in the Case of any Petition which shall not have come on for hearing, or the Hearing of which shall have been adjourned as aforesaid, make an Order referring such Petition for hearing to the County Court within the District of which such Insolvent Debtor is in Custody, and shall transmit such Petition and Schedule to such Court for hearing accordingly; and that the Judge of such Court shall appoint a Time and Place for such Prisoner to be brought up before such Court, and cause the usual Notices to be given; and that any Court to which any such Petition shall be so referred and transmitted shall have and possess the same Power and Authority with respect to every such Petition, and shall make all such Orders, give all such Directions, and do all such Matters and Things requisite for the discharging or remanding. of such Prisoner, and otherwise respecting such Prisoner, his Schedule, Creditors, and Assignees, as the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors or any Commissioner thereof might make, give, or do in the Matters of Petitions heard before such Court or Commissioner under such Acts; and that every such Petition and Schedule, and all Judgments, Rules, Orders, Directions, and Proceedings pronounced, made, and done thereon in all and every the Matters aforesaid by such County Court, shall be returned to the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, signed by the Judge of such County Court, to be a Record of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and to be kept as such among the Records thereof; and the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and every Commissioner thereof, in every Case in which any Insolvent Debtor petitioning the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors under such Acts shall be in Custody in any of Her Majesty's Gaols within the District to which the Jurisdiction of such Court is limited aforesaid, and the County Courts in the Matter of every such Petition so referred and transmitted for hearing as aforesaid, shall have Power to issue a Warrant or Order, directed to the Governor, Keeper, or Gaoler of any Gaol, directing him to bring the Insolvent before the County Court on the Day apjx>inted for the hearing of his Petition, or at any adjourned Sitting held in the Matter of this Petition, and every such Governor, Keeper, or Gaoler shall obey such Warrant; and every such Court may order the Expence attending the bringing up of every such Insolvent to be paid by the Provisional Assignee out of the Estate and Effects of such Insolvent, or if there be no Estate, or the same be insufficient for such Purpose, out of the Interest and Profit arising from any Government Securities upon which any unclaimed Money pro-

738

Recognizance* of Snretie* entered into under 1 & 2 Vict- c. 110. for enforcing Attendance of Insolvents, to bind Persons to appear before County Courts.

Fees in Insolvent Debtors Court to go in reduction of certain Coin, pensations to its Officers.

Power to Secretary of State to order what Fees are to be paid to Officers under 9 & 10 Vict. c. 95., and this Act.

Cap. 102, Bankruptcy and Insolvency, 10 & 11 VICT,

duoed by the Estates and Effects of Insolvent Debtors may be

invested.

XI. And whereas in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions except 6 in certain Cases, for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors, and for amending the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, divers Persons as Sureties have entered into Recognizances to the Provisional Assignee of the Insolvent Debtors Court, with Conditions that the Insolvents therein mentioned should duly appear at the Times and Places therein mentioned, and it is necessary that some of such Insolvents should appear before the County Courts under this Act:' Be it therefore enacted, That every such Recognizance shall extend to bind the Persons who may have entered into the same, in case the Insolvent Debtor therein ^mentioned shall not at the Time appointed in such Recognizance duly appear before the County Court to which the Matter of such Insolvent is transferred by this Act and on every adjourned Hearing, or shall not abide by the final Judgment of such Court.

XII. And whereas in consequence of late Alterations in the Laws of Imprisonment for Debt certain Compensations have become payable and are paid by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to the Officers of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in respect of the Diminution of Fees received therein: And whereas by the additional Business given to the said Court by this Act the Fees payable therein will again be increased, whereby a less Sum will be required for the said Compensations: be it enacted, That the Fees to be received in the said Court in Matters where Jurisdiction is given by this Act shall be received by the same Persons, to be by them applied in the same Manner as the Fees received in Matters heretofore under the Jurisdiction of the said Court are now applied, any thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, and they are hereby empowered, to give such Directions as they shall think proper in regard to the Compensation Allowances now payable to the Officers and Clerks of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England, under the Provisions of the said recited Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, in consequence of the Fees to be received by them being again increased by the Operation of this Act.

Xni. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time to border what Fees shall be paid and received by the several Officers or otherwise under and by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty and of this Act, and the Amount of such Fees respectively;

1847.

739

Bankruptcy and Insolvency. Cap. 102.

tively; and that until such Order shall be made the Clerks of the several County Courts shall have and receive for their own Use all Fees which have heretofore been taken under any of the aforesaid Acts by any Officer of the Court of Bankruptcy, or by any Officer or other Person of or connected with the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, except as herein-after mentioned, for Business which is by this Act transferred to the County Courts; and that the several High Bailiffs acting as Messengers under this Act as aforesaid shall have and receive for their own Use all Fees which have heretofore been paid to the Messengers of the Court of Bankruptcy when doing the Business by this Act directed to be done by such Bailiffs.

XIV. And whereas it may be expedient that the Court of ' Bankruptcy in London should hold Sittings in Matters of ' Bankruptcy at some Place or Places within the District over ' which the Jurisdiction of such Court extends, at which such ' Court hath not hitherto been used to sit; be it declared and enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, at any Time or Times whenever it shall appear to him to be expedient, by any Order or Orders to give the necessary Directions in that Behalf, ordering any Commissioner, Registrar, Official Assignee, Messenger, or Usher of the Court of Bankruptcy in London to sit and attend and act in the Prosecution of any Fiat in Bankruptcy at any Place elsewhere within such District than in the City of London; and every Commissioner, Registrar, Official Assignee, Messenger, and Usher so sitting, attending, and acting shall have the like Power, Jurisdiction, and Authority as if sitting, attending, and acting in the Prosecution of such Fiat in London.

XV. And be it enacted, That any Commissioner or Registrar so sitting and acting shall have paid to him, in addition to his Salary, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by virtue of any Order or Orders of the Lord Chancellor to be made from Time to Time for that Purpose, out of the Interest and Dividends that have arisen or may arise from the Securities now or hereafter to be placed in the Bank of England to an Account there, entitled " The Bankruptcy Fund Account," (but subject and without Prejudice to any prior Charges on the same,) Such Sum of Money for travelling and other Expences as the Lord Chancellor shall deem fit.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the Forms given in the Schedules to any of the said Acts, or any Forms heretofore used under the said Acts, may be altered so far as to adapt them to the Change of Jurisdiction by this Act directed.

XVII. And be it enacted, That the Office of the first One of the Commissioners of the Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and of the first Two of the Commissioners of the Court of Bankruptcy in London, which shall become vacant after the passing of this Act, shall not be filled up until after the Termination of the Session of Parliament next after such Vacancies shall have occurred.

Until such Order made Clerks and Bailiffs to receive all Fees as heretofore.

Lord Chancellor may give Directions for Sittings of Court of Bankruptcy elsewhere than in London.

Lord Chancellor may order Payment of travelling and other Expences.

Forms may be altered.

Vacancies not to be filled up till after the Termination of the next Session of Parliament.

Judges of County Courts incapable of being Members of Parliament.

Interpretation of " Lord Chancellor."

Commencement of this Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 107.

Extent to which the Passengers Act (5 & 6 Vict. c. 107.) shall apply.

Cap. 102, 103. Bankruptcy and Insolvency. 10 & 11 Vice.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That no Judge of any County Court who has been appointed or who shall hereafter be appointed to that Office under or by virtue of the herein-before recited Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England, shall, during his Continuance in such Office, be capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House of Commons.

XIX. And [be it enacted, That the Words " Lord Chancellor'9 shall in the Construction of this Act be interpreted to mean also and include the Lord Keeper and Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom for the Time being.

XX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from the Fifteenth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

XXI. And be it enacted, That this Act may he amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to amend the Passengers Act, and to make further Provision for the Carriage of Passengers by Sea.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Raign c of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Carriage of Passengers in Merchant Vessels, it is amongst

other things provided, that the said Act shall not extend to

any Ship carrying less than Thirty Passengers, and it is

expedient that the said Act should he amended in that ' respect Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall hereafter extend and the same ia hereby extended to the Case of every Ship carrying any Passenger on any such Voyage as in the said recited Act. is mentioned: Provided that when the Number of Passengers carried in any such Ship shall not bear to the registered Tonnage thereof a greater Proportion than that of One Passenger to every Twenty-five Tons, so much and such Parts only as are next herein-after specified of the said recited Act shall extend and are hereby extended to the Case of any such Ship; that is to say, such Parts thereof as relate to the Recovery t>f Money in certain Cases by way of Return of Passage Money; or as relate to Subsistence Money; or as relate to Compensation to be made for the Loss of Passage; or as relate to the giving Receipts for Money received for or in respect of any Passage to North America; or as relate to the Receipt of Money for or in respect

741

1847* ' Passengers Act Amendment. Cap. 103.

respect of any such Passage by any Person as Agent, not having a written Authority from liia Principal to act in that Capacity; or as relate to the inducing of any Person by any Fraud or false Pretence to engage any such Passage; or as relate to any Prosecution or other Proceeding at Law for the Recovery of such Passage or Subsistence Money, or of such Compensation as aforesaid, or for the Infliction of any Fines or Penalties in respect of any of the Matters or Tilings aforesaid; Provided also, that if in any Suit, Action, Prosecution, or other, legal Proceeding under the said recited Act any Question shall arise whether any Ship proceeding on any Voyage did or did not carry a greater Number of Passengers than aforesaid in proportion to the Tonnage thereof, the Burden of proving that the Number of Passengers 'so carried in proportion to the Tonnage of the Ship was not greater than that of One Person to every Twenty-five Tons shall lie upon the Person against whom any such Suit, Action, or other legal Proceeding may be brought, and failing such Proof it shall for any such Purpose as aforesaid be taken and adjudged that the Number of Passengers so carried did exceed that Proportion.

II. And whereas it may from Time to Time be necessary

that for the Articles of Food mentioned in the said recited Act, or for some of them, other equivalent Articles should bo substituted be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners for the Tune being, acting under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, from Time to Time, by any Notice or Notices for that Purpose, issued under the Hands of any Two of such Commissioners, and published in the " London Gazette," to substitute' for any of the Articles of Food mentioned in the said recited Act any other Article or Articles of Food, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and any such Notice or Notices from Time to Time to alter, amend, or revoke as Occasion may require: Provided always, that all the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Act contained respecting the Articles of Food therein mentioned shall extend and are hereby extended to the Case of such substituted Articles.

III. And be it enacted, That all Articles of Food required by the said recited Act, or by any such Notice or Notices as aforesaid, to be laden on board any Ship carrying Passengers, shall before such Ship shall be cleared out be furnished and laden on board by and at the Expence of the Owner or Charterer, of such Ship, for the Purposes in the said recited Act provided, and shall be of a Quality to be approved of by the Emigration Officer at the Port of Clearance, or his Assistant, or, where there is no such Officer, or in his Absence, by the Officer of Customs from whom a Clearance shall be demanded; and that in case of any Default herein the Owner, Charterer, or Master of such Ship shall be liable to the Payment of a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

Colonial Land and Emigration Commissioners may in certain Cases substitute other Articles of Food for that mentioned in recited Act.

All Articles of Food required by recited Act to be furnished at the Expence of the Owners or Charterers, and to be of good Quality.

Regulation with respect to the Carriage of Gunpowder, &c.

Regulations for ensuring proper Light and Ventilation.

Officer from whom a Clearance is demanded to require Ship to be surveyed, at the Expence of the Owner.

If Ship reported not seaworthy, the same not to be cleared until rendered so.

Cap. 103. Passengers Act Amendment 10 & 11 Vict.

IV. And be it enacted, That in any Ship carrying on any such Voyage as in the said recited Act is mentioned a greater Number of Passengers than in the Proportion of One Passenger to every Twenty-five Tons of the registered Tonnage of such Ship, it shall not be lawful to put on board or carry as Cargo any Gunpowder, Vitriol, or Green Hides, and that no such Ship having on board as Cargo any such Articles as aforesaid shall be allowed to clear out or proceed on her Voyage.

V. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of ensuring a proper Supply of Light and Air in every Ship carrying on any such Voyage as in the said recited Act mentioned a greater Number of Passengers than in the Proportion of One Passenger to every Twenty-five Tons of the registered Tonnage of such Ship, the Passengers shall, at all Times during the Voyage (Weather permitting), have free Access to and from the between Decks by each Hatchway situate over the Space appropriated to the Use of such Passengers: Provided always, that if the Main Hatchway be not one of the Hatchways appropriated to the Use of the Passengers, or if the natural Supply of Light and Air through the same be in any Manner unduly impeded, it shall be lawful for the Emigration Officer at the Port of Clearance, or his Assistant, or, where there is no such Officer, or in his Absence, to the chief Officer of Customs at the Port from which a Clearance shall be demanded, to direct such other Provision to be made for affording Light and Air to the between Decks as the Circumstances of the Case may, in the Judgment of such Officer, appear to require, which Directions shall be duly carried out to his Satisfaction; and in case of any Default herein the Master of the said Ship shall be liable to the Payment of a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds Sterling.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Emigration Officer at the

Port of Clearance, or his Assistant, or, where there is no such Officer, or in his Absence, the Officer of Customs from whom a Clearance shall be demanded, shall in all CaBes require any Ship fitted or about to carry Passengers on any such Voyage as in the said recited Act is mentioned to be surveyed, at the Expence of the Owner or Charterer thereof, by Two or more competent Surveyors, to be duly authorized and approved of, either by the Commissioners of Colonial Lands and Emigration or by the Commissioners of Customs, as the Case may be; and if it shall be reported by such Surveyors that they have surveyed such Ship, and that such Ship is not in their Opinion seaworthy, so as to be fit in all respects for her intended Voyage, such Ship shall not be cleared out until the same or Two other Surveyors appointed as aforesaid shall report that such Ship has been rendered seaworthy, and in all respects fit for her intended Voyage: Provided always, that the Precautions for ascertaining the Seaworthiness of Snips, and their State of Repair and Efficiency for their intended Voyages respectively, shall in all respects, and without Distinction, be the same for Foreign as for British Ships.

1847. Passengers Act Amendment. Cap. 103 *

VII. And be it enacted, That unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Emigration Officer at the Port of Clearance, or his Assistant, or, where there is no such Officer, or in his Absence, the Officer of Customs from whom a Clearance shall be demanded, that such Ship as aforesaid is manned with a full Complement of Men, such Ship shall not be cleared out.

VIII. And be it enacted, That no Ship carrying on any such Voyage as in the said recited Act is mentioned a greater Number of Passengers than in the Proportion of One Passenger to every Twenty-five Tons of the registered Tonnage of such Ship shall be allowed to clear out or proceed on her Voyage until the Master thereof shall have obtained from the Emigration Officer at the Port of Clearance, or his Assistant, or, where there is no such Officer, or in his Absence, from the Officer of Customs from whom a Clearance shall be demanded, a Certificate under his Hand that all the Requirements, as well of this Act as of the said recited Act, so far as the same can be complied with before the Departure of such Ship, have been duly complied with.

LX. And be it enacted, That if any Ship carrying on any such Voyage as in the said recited Act is mentioned a greater Number of Passengers than in the Proportion of One Passenger to every Twenty-five Tons of the registered Tonnage of such Ship shall put to Sea, and shall afterwards put into or touch at any Port or Place in the United Kingdom, it shall not be lawful for such Ship to leave such Port or Place until there shall have been laden on board, as herein-before is mentioned, such further Supply of pure Water, wholesome Provisions of the requisite Kinds and Qualities, and Medical Stores, as may be necessary to make up the full Quantities of those Articles required by the herein-before recited Act or this Act for the Use of the Passengers during the whole of the intended Voyage, nor until the Master of the said Ship shall have obtained from the Emigration Officer, or his Assistant, or, where there is no such Officer, or in his Absence, from the Officer of Customs, as the Case may be, at such Port or Place, a Certificate to the same Effect as the Certificate herein-before required to enable the Ship to be cleared out; and in case of any Default herein, the Master of the said Ship shall be liable to the Payment of a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds Sterling.

X. And be it enacted, That in case any Ship carrying Passengers on any such Voyage as in the said recited Act is mentioned shall be wrecked or otherwise destroyed, and shall thereby or by any other Cause whatsoever be prevented from landing her Passengers at the Place they may have respectively oontraoted to land, or in case such Ship shall put into any Port or Plaoe in a damaged State, and shall not within a reasonable Time be ready to proceed with her Passengers on her intended Voyage, after having been first dBoiently repaired, and in all respects put into a sound and seaworthy Condition, then and in any of such Cases such Passengers respectively shall be provided with a Passage by some other equally eligible Vessel to the Port or Place at which they respectively may have originally

contracted

us

Ship not to be oleared out until reported to be properly manned.

No Ship to be cleared until a Certificate is obtained, that all the Requirements of the Law hare been complied with.

Ships putting into any Port in the United Kingdom after sailing to replenish Provisions, &c.

In case Ship is wrecked, &c., or prevented from landing her Passengers in a reasonable Time, they shall be provided with a Passage by some other Vessel;

and in default* Passengers* &c. may recover Expences by summary Pro-

How Children are to be computed in reckoning the Proportion of Passengers to Tonnage-

Penalty for Excess of Numbers in proportion to Tonnage.

Recovery of Penalties.

Penalty on Persons inducing another to part with Acknowledgment for Passage Money.

Government Emigration Agents to be henceforth styled " Emigration Officers."

Cap. 103. Passengers'Act Amendment. 10 & 11 Vict.

contracted to land; and in default thereof within a reasonable Time, such Passengers respectively, or any Emigration Officer on their Behalf, shall be entitled to recover, by summary Process before any Two or more Justices of the Peace, in like Manner as in the said recited Act is provided in the Cases of Monies thereby made recoverable, all Monies which shall have been paid by or on account of such Passengers, or any of them, for such Passage, from the Party to whom the same may have been paid, or from the Owner, Charterer, or Master of such Ship, and also such further Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds in respect of each such Passage, as shall in the Opinion of the Justices who shall adjudicate on the Complaint be a reasonable Compensation for any Loss or Inconvenience occasioned to any such Passenger, or his or her Family, by reason of the Loss of such Passage.

XL. And in order to remove Doubts which have arisen in the Construction of the said recited Act, be it enacted, That, for the Purpose of determining the Number of Persons which according to the said Act can be carried in any Ship in proportion to the registered Tonnage thereof, Two Children under the Age of Fourteen Years shall be computed as One Person* and that Children under the Age of One Year shall not be included in such Computation: Provided always, that if any Ship shall carry upon any such Voyage as in the said recited Act is mentioned a greater Number of Persons, computed as aforesaid, in proportion to the registered Tonnage thereof, than in the Proportion in the said recited Act mentioned, the Master of such Ship shall, for and in respect of every Person constituting such Excess, be liable to the Payment of a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties imposed by this Act shall be sued for and recovered by such Persons only and in such and the same Manner as in the said recited. Act is provided in the Case of the Penalties thereby imposed.

XIII. And whereas in many Cases Persons haying received ' under the Requirements of the said recited Act Contract ' Tickets or written Acknowledgments for Money in respect of

Passengers to North America have afterwards been induced to

part with the same, whereby they have been deprived of the

Means of enforcing their Rights under such Contract Tickets be it enacted, That any Owner, Charterer, or Master of .a Ship, or any Passage Broker or other Person, who shall induce any Person to part with, render useless, or destroy any such Contract Ticket or Acknowledgment for Passage Money as aforesaid during the Continuance of the Contract which it is intended to be Evidence, shall be liable in each Case to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Officers known as Government Emigration Agents may henceforward be styled " Emigration Officers;" and that all Powers, Functions, and Privileges vested in such Government Emigration Agents by the said recited Act or by any other Act shall vest in and be exercised by the "Emigration Officers" for the Time being, in like Manner

745

1847. Passengers Act Amendment Cap. 103, 104.

Maimer as if they bore the Designation of Government Emigration Agent.

XV. And be it enacted, That whenever the Term " Passen- Definition of

ger " or " Passage99 is used in this Act it shall be held not to m

include or extend to the Class of Passengers or Passages com- 1 c monly known and understood by the Name of " Cabin Passengers " and " Cabin Passages and that the Term " Ship n shall

include and mean every Description of Vessel, whether British or Foreign, carrying Passengers upon any Voyage to which the Provisions of the said herein-before recited Passengers Act or this Act shall for the Time being extend.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be

repealed during the present Session of Parliament. amended, &c.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to explain the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, Tithe Commissioners for England and Wales were appointed, and by the said Act, and by sundry Acts since passed for the Amendment thereof, and for Continuance of the said Commission, the Powers of the said Commissioners now stand limited, and will expire at the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July in this Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and it is expedient that the same be further continuedRe it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of any of the recited Acts as limits the Time during which any Tithe Commissioner, Assistant Commissioner, Secretary, or Assistant Secretary, or other Officer or Person appointed or to be appointed under the first-recited Act, shall hold his Office to the said Thirty-first Day of July, shall be repealed; and that the Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, and other Officers and Persons appointed or to be appointed under the first-recited Act, may continue to hold their several Offices, if not sooner removed by lawful Authority, until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that all the Powers of the said Commissioners, and their Assistant Commissioners, Secretary, Assistant Secretary, Officers, and Servants for the Time being,

shall

6&7 W. 4. C. 7I.

5 Vict. c. 7.

5 & G Vict. c. 54.

So much of recited Acis as limits the Duration of Tithe Commission repealed.

Power* of Commissioners, &c. to continue in force till Oct. 1, 1850,

unless sooner determined.

Confirmed Apportionments to stand good.

I nstruments of Apportionment may be corrected if any Lands shall have been improperly included or charged with Rentcharge therein.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 73.

Instruments to be delivered up for the Purpose of such Correction.

Act may be amended, &c.

Cap. 104. Tithe* Cdn&nutation. 10 & 11Yftff.

shall continue in for<&, according to the Provisions of the said several Acts as amended by this Act, until the said First Day of October and the End of the then next Session of Parliament, unless Her Majesty shall be pleased sooner to determine the said Commission.

II. And whereas by the first-recited Act it was enacted, for the quieting of Titles, that no confirmed Agreement, Award, or Apportionment shall be impeached after the Confirmation thereof by reason of any Mistake or Informality therein* or in any Proceeding relating thereunto, and Doubts have been entertained as to the full Meaning and Extent of such Enactmentbe it declared and enacted, That, notwithstanding any Exception in the said Act contained, every Instrument purporting to be an Instrument of Apportionment, confirmed under the Hands and Seal of the said Tithe Commissioners, shall be hereby absolutely confirmed and made valid, both at Law and in Equity, in all respects, subject nevertheless to the Powers given to the Tithe Commissioners in the first-recited Act, or in any Act passed for the Amendment thereof, for Alteration of any Instrument of Apportionment.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the sold Tithe Commissioners that any Lands have been improperly included or improperly charged with Rent-charge in any confirmed Instrument of Apportionment, it shall be lawful for the said Tithe Commissioners 16 correct such Apportionment, and the deposited Copies thereof, either by excluding such Lands so improperly charged from the Apportionment, and re-distributing any Rent-charge imposed upon such Lands on Lands legally liable to the Payment thereof, or by sanctioning the Redemption of the Rent-charge so improperly charged by the Persons capable of redeeming the same under the Provisions of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act further to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales; and all Costs and Expences attendant upon the Correction of any confirmed Instrument of Apportionment shall be borne and paid by such Persons and in such Proportions as the said Tithe Commissioners shall direct, and shall be recoverable from the Person or Persons declared liable by the said Tithe Commissioners to the Payment of the same in such Manner as Expences attendant upon original Instruments of Apportionment are recoverable.

IV. And be it enacted, That for the Purposes of such Correction or of recording any such Redemption the Person or Persons having the Custody of any Copy of any Instrument of Apportionment shall be bound, upon the Application of the Tithe Commissioners, to deliver to the said Tithe Commissioners any Copy of a confirmed Instrument of Apportionment which shall have been deposited with them respectively.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament

Turnpike Acte Continuance. Cap. 106, 1G£

747

Cap. cv:

An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the several Acts herein- after specified should be continued for a limited Time

Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain which will expire on or before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall be continued until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brompton and Earles Court in the Parish of St. Mary Abbott's Kensington in the County of Middlesex to communicate with the Road called Fulham Fields Road at North End in the same County; and for making another Turnpike Road to communicate thereuntil from the High Road from London to Fulham in the said County.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Continuance of certain Acts respecting Turnpike Hoads in Great Britain, except 6 Geo. 4. c. clx.

Act may be amended, Sec.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to provide additional Funds for Loans for Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland, and to repeal an Act of the last Session, for authorizing a further Issue of Money in aid of Public Works of acknowledged Utility.

[22d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 9 & 10 Vict. to authorize the Application of Money for the Purposes of c*85* loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland: And whereas another Act was passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide additional Funds for Loans and 9 & 10 Vict Grants for Public Works in Ireland: And whereas sundry C-I08' Advances or Loans have been made by the Commissioners of Public W9rks in Ireland under the said recited Acts, and the Monies now at the Disposal of the said Commissioners to be advanced by way of Loan are insufficient for the Purpose of making the Advances which it may be advisable that the said Commissioners in the present distressed State of Ireland should make under the Provisions of the several Acts now in force authorizing Loans for the Promotion of Drainage and

other

The Treasury may direct the Commissioners for executing the Acts 5 & 6 Vict. c. 9. ami 9 & 10 Vict. c. 80. to transfer 120,000l. to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

Treasury may cause to be issued a further Sum of Money to Commissioners of Public Works, Ireland.

Cap. 106. Public Works and Drainage (Ireland)* 10 & 11 Vict.

other Works of public Utility in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That out of the Sum not exceeding Three hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, which by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, and to amend the Acts authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for the like Purposes, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury were authorized to charge on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and which they were authorized to direct to be paid to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, during the Term of Five Years next ensuing the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and which by another Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are authorized to charge on the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and which they are authorized to direct to be paid to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, during the Term of Five Years next ensuing the Fourth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to direct the Commissioners for carrying into execution the said Two last-recited Acts to transfer out of the Sums paid to their Account, before the Fourth Day of April next ensuing, from their Account with the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to the Account kept by the last-mentioned Commissioners with the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, a Sura not exceeding One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, to be placed at the Disposal of the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the Purposes of the Loans which the said last-mentioned Commissioners may be called upon to make under the Provisions of the Acts now in force authorizing Loans to be made for the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to cause to be issued from Time to Time, as they may find necessary, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be placed at the Disposal of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, for the Purposes of the Loans which the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland may be called upon

to

749

1847. Public Works and Drainage (Ireland). Cap. 106, 107.

to make under the Provisions of the Acts now in force authorizing Loans to be made for the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland.

III. And be it enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Powers. &c. of

Provisions, Matters, and Things, of what Nature or Kind soever, Ct>

contained in or referred to by the first herein recited Act, and to this Act.

in any Act authorizing Loans to be made for the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility in Ireland, shall extend to this Act, and to the Loans hereby authorized to be made.

IV. And whereas an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of 9 & 10 Vict.

the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to autho- c*l09, repeale rize a further Issue of Money in aid of Public Works of acknow ledged Utility in poor Districts in Ireland: And whereas other Provisions have been made 'by Parliament in relation to the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds authorized to be issued by the said Act, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the same; be it therefore enacted, That the said Act shall be repealed.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed during the present Session of amended, &c. Parliament.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[23d July 1847.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall and may be issued and There shall be applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred Year 1847, and forty-seven, the Sum of Fifteen millions three hundred 15, S42, 090/. forty-two thousand and ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and of

Eight-pence out of the Consolidated Fund of the United King- udated Fund, dom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

The Treasury may cause 15, 342, 090/. 18s. 8d. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, See. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 15, 342, 090/.

18s. 8d. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

Ireland for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifteen millions three hundred forty-two thousand and ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

III. And be it enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Three-pence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V. And be it declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifteen millions three hundred forty-two thousand and ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence; any thing in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Alary, intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several

Rates

1847. Appropriation. Cap. 107. 751

Rates and Duties upon the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Deer, Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Bills prepared Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby ^tedeU5 authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be pre- vered to the pared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time Bank as Secu-to the Governor and Company of the Bonk of England, in such "tjr^rc^ch Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for v cea* any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Monies raised Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply ^ifc"h^uer from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by appl*ed ser-Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such vices voted by Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the the Commons. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Principal Sum or Sums Exchequer Bills of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made charge-made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that griwhfgVro^ may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made duce of the Con-chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Con- wlidated Fund, solidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland in the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, which Credit shall be chargeable on and paid out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund of the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

IX. And be it enacted, That there shall and may be issued T*? Treasury and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to ^g£8, l£j. Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight surplus of hundred and forty-seven, the Sum of Eighty thousand six Ways and hundred and eighteen Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny,

3 B 2 being now in the Exchequer, to com* pi etc the Aids granted for 1845 and 1846.

Monies coming into the Exchequer by 10 & 11 Vict. c. 8. andiO&ll Vict. c. 9.

18, 310, 700/. by Exchequer Bills, 10 & 11 Vict. c. 19 .;

and 15, 342, 090/. 18*. 8d., 80, 618/. 8s. Id., and 500,000l. by this Act, applied as hereafter expressed.

There shall be issued 185, 280/. 6s. 9d. for Excess of Naval Expenditure over Grants of 1845.

There shall be issued 7, 561, 876/. for Naval Services; viz.

1, 325, 820/. for Wagesto41, 500 Seamen and Marines, &c .;

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and also the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, a Part of the Sum in the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or remaining to be raised on the Twenty-ninth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, to complete the Aids granted by Parliament for the Service of the Years One thousand eight hundred and forty-five and One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

X. And be it enacted, That all the Monies coming into the Exchequer of Great Britain by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to apply the Sum of Eight millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and all or any of the Monies coming into the said Exchequer by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Eight millions by way of Annuities; and also the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds, granted by one other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and also the respective Sums of Fifteen millions three hundred forty-two thousand and ninety Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight-pence, Eighty thousand six hundred and eighteen Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny, and Five hundred thousand Pounds, by this Act granted, shall be further appropriated and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied, for and towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

XI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighty-five thousand two hundred and eighty Pounds Six Shillings and Nine-pence, to defray the Excess of the Naval Expenditure beyond the Grants for the Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven millions five hundred sixty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six Pounds, for and towards the Naval Services hereinafter more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million three hundred twenty-five thousand eight hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Forty-one thousand five hundred Seamen and Marines, and to the Ordinary and Yard Craft, which

will

1847. Appropriation. Cap. 107.

will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thirty-five thousand four hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Victuals to Seamen and Marines in Her Majesty's Fleet, and the Ordinary and Yard Craft, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-seven thousand and fifty-four Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expences of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand two hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expences of the General Register and Record Office of Seamen, which wrill come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-four thousand two hundred and seventy-seven Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expences of the several scientific Departments of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-seven thousand two hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expences of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in coiirse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand five hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expences of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred eleven thousand three hundred and four Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty^first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-two thousand two hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the W ages of Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million five hundred fifty-six thousand four hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to defray the Expence of Naval Stores for the Building,

753

635, 452/1 for Victuals, &c. in the Navy;

137, 054*. for Salaries, &c. of the Admiralty Office;

9, 229/. for Registry Office of Seamen, Ac .;

44, 277/. for the Navy Scientific Departments;

137, 223/. for Naval Establishments at home;

25, 557/. for Naval Establishments abroad;

811, 304/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. at home;

42, 270/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. abroad;

1, 556, 498/. for Naval Stores,

Ac .;

559, 6001. for new Works in Naval Establishments;

22, 839/. for Medicines, &o

59, 847/. for Naval Miscellaneous Services;

725, 788/. for

Naval Half

P»y;

486, 447/. for Military Pensions;

153, 458/. for Civil Pensions;

243, 202/. to defray the Charge of Transports, &c .;

21, 674/. to defray the Charge of Convicts, Home Department;

564, 337/. for Mail Packet Service.

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred fifty-nine thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand eight hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of divers Naval Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred twenty-five thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay to Officers of the Navy and of the Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred eighty-six thousand four hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred fifty-three thousand four hundred and fifty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred forty-three thousand two hundred and two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Transports on monthly Pay, for the Victualling and Conveyance of Troops, and for the Freight of Stores on account of the Army and Ordnance Departments, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-one thousand six hundred and seventy-four Pounds, to defray the Charges relating to Convicts on account of the Home Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred sixty-four thousand three hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Packet Service on account of the Post Office Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the

v Thirty-

1847, Appropriation. Cap. 107. 75$

Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

XIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any There shall be the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and for

applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six millions Army Services; nine hundred thirteen thousand eight hundred and sixteen tU.

Pounds, for and towards the Army Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of 3, 728, 7377. for Money not exceeding Three millions seven hundred twenty-eight CstatioM K thousand seven hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, for defraying abroad (except the Charge of Her Majesty's Land Forces for Service in the the^o#*/n*«); United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and on Stations abroad (excepting the Regiments employed in the territorial Possessions of the East India Company), which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One 177.7787. for hundred seventy-seven thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, for defraying the Charge of General Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals serving with Her Majesty's Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and on Foreign Stations (excepting India), and of Her Majesty's Garrison of the Tower of London, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-six thou- 96, 5327. for sand five hundred and thirty-two Pounds, for defraying the officTr^&^of Charge of the Allowances of the principal Officers of the several Public Military Public Military Departments in Great Britain, their Deputies, Departments; Clerks, and contingent Expences, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen i7, 6S3ifor thousand six hundred and thirty-three Pounds, for defraying the *°yal Charge of the Royal Military Asylum, of the Normal and sy um' c Model Schools established there, and of the Hibernian Military School, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of 86, 3047.for Money not exceeding Eighty-six thousand three hundred and c°lu"t.eer four Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps, s' which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of 15, 740/. for Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand seven hundred and forty ^t7nguLhed Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Allowances as Rewards for Military Ser-distinguished Services; and of Allowances to Officers of Her vi<*s;

3 B Majesty's

82,000l. for certain General Officers;

59,000l. for Full Pay for Retired Officers;

420,000l. for Half Pay for Retired Officers;

49, 136/: for Half Pay, &c. to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, &c .;

131, 859/. for Pensions to Widows;

98,0001 for Compassionate List, &c .;

36, 623/. for Chelsea, and Kibmainham Hospitals;

Cap. 107. Appropriation* 10 & 11 Vict.

Majesty's Garrisons holding their Appointments as Rewords for Military Service in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and on Foreign Stations, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-two thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Pay of General Officers in Her Majesty's Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay for reduced and retired Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Military Allowances to reduced and retired Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-nine thousand one hundred and thirty-six Pounds, for defraying the Charge for Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, of Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers, and of Allowances to Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thirty-one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-eight thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List, of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, and Pensions, Gratuities, and Allowances to Officers for Wounds, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand six hundred and twenty-three Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals,

and

757

1847, Appropriation. Cap. 107.

and of the In-Pensioners of those Establishments, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million two hundred thirty-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-two Pounds, for defraying the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, of Pensions granted to disr charged Negro Soldiers, of Pensioners from Hanoverian Corps which served with the British Army in One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three. One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and of the Military Organization of Out-Pensioners in the United Kingdom and in New Zealand, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, for defraying the Charge of Allowances, Compensations, and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Persons formerly belonging to the several Military Public Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, both Days inclusive; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred fifty-three thousand seven hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Commissariat Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty thousand six hundred and forty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Pensions, and Allowances in the Commissariat Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred forty-four thousand three hundred and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Disembodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

XIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two millions six hundred seventy-nine thousand one hundred and twenty-four Pounds, for and towards the Ordnance Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred seventeen thousand two hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, for defraying the Pay, Allowances, and Contingencies of Ordnance Military Corps, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year

1, 2S6, 732/. for Out* Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &o. c.

39,000l. for Superannua* t ions in Military Public Departments;

4.53, 7861. for Commissariat Department;

40, 646/. for Half Pay of Commissariat Department;

144, 310/. for Disembodied Militia.

There shall be issued 2, 679, 1241 for Ordnance Services; viz.

617, 239/. for Ordnance Military Corps;

370, 464/. for Commissariat and Barrack Supplies, Sec .;

96, 444/. for Ordnance Offices at the Tower and Pall Mall;

2*28, 130/. for Ordnance and Barrack Estab* lishments;

137, 852/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. in the Ordnance Department;

368, 712/. for Ordnance Stores for Land and Sea Service;

632, 765/. for: Ordnance and Barrack Works;

58, 986/. for Scientific Branch of Ordnance Department;

168, 532/. for Non-effective Ordnance Services.

There shall be issued 18, 310, 700/.

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred seventy thousand four hundred and sixty-four Pounds, for defraying the Expence of the Commissariat and Barrack Supplies for Her Majesty's Forces, Great Coats for the Army and Militia, Clothing for Colonial Corps, , fyc. c., which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-six thousand four hundred and forty-four Pounds, for defraying the Salaries and Contingencies of the Ordnance Offices at the Tower and Pall Mall, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty-eight thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, for defraying the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of Ordnance and Barrack Establishments in the United Kingdom and Colonies, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceding One hundred thirty-seven thousand eight hundred and fifty-two Pounds, for defraying the Wages of Artificers and Labourers employed in the Ordnance Department in the United Kingdom and Colonies, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred sixty-eight thousand seven hundred and twelve Pounds, for defraying the Expence of Ordnance Stores for Land and Sea Service, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thirty-two thousand seven hundred and sixty-five Pounds, for defraying the Expence of Ordnance and Barrack Works, Buildings, and Repairs, at home and abroad, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand nine hundred and eighty-six Pounds, for defraying the Expence of the Scientific Branch of the Ordnance Department, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty-eight thousand five hundred and thirty-two Pounds, for defraying the Expence of Non-effective Ordnance Services, Military and Civil, which shall come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

XV. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued

and

and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen millions three hundred and ten thousand seven hundred Pounds, to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven unprovided for; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, to discharge the like Amount of Supplies granted for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six or for any preceding Year.

XVI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Expences incurred for the Relief of Distress in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence which will probably be incurred for the Relief of Distress in Ireland during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expences which will probably be incurred for the Relief of Distress in Ireland during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Contingencies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to defray the Expence of the Works at the new Houses of Parliament, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventeen thousand nine hundred and eighty-nine Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, the Expence of Works and Repairs of Public Buildings, for Furniture for various Public Departments, and for certain Charges for lighting and watching, and for Rates and Taxes, also for the Maintenance and Repairs of Royal Palaces and Works in the Royal Gardens, formerly charged on the Civil List; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Expence of Works for enlarging and improving Buckingham Palace; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, the Expence of erecting a Palm House in the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand seven hundred and nine Pounds, to defray the Expence of providing temporary Accommodation for the Houses of Parliament, Committee Rooms, Offices, and temporary

759

to pay off Exchequer Bills of 1847;

500,000l. to discharge Supplies granted for 1846, &c.

There shall be issued 500,000l. for Relief of Distress, Ireland, to 31st March 1847;

600,000l. for Ditto, to 31 st March 1848.

600,000l. for Ditto, to 31st March 1848.

There shall be issued 100,000l. for Civil Contingencies;

150,000l. for New Houses of Parliament;

117, 989/. for Repairs of Public Buildings, Furniture of Public Offices, &c .;

50,000l. for en-largingRarAm^-ham Palace;

5, 500/. for a Palm House in the Royal Botanic Gardens at Kew;

17, 709/.for temporary Accommodation for Houses of Parliament, &c .;

7«0

11, 4351 for rebuilding the Home Office, &c .;

4, 429*. for fulyhead Har hour, &c .;

140,000*. for Harbours of Refuge;

50,000*. for Caledonian Canal;

20, 476*. for Public Ruild. ings &c. 7re-land;

8, 200*. for Kingstown Harbour;

3, 515*. for temporary Accommodation for Houses of Parliament;

10,000*. for Port Patrick Harbour.

There shall be issued 25.000*. for Salaries, &c. for both Houses of Parliament;

56, 900*. for the Treasury;

16, 400*. for the Home Department;

Cap. 107# Appropriation. 10 & llVICT.

porary official Residences for the Speaker of the House of Commons, and other Officers of that House, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand four hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to defray, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, the Expence of taking down and rebuilding the Home Office, and for altering and enlarging the Board of Trade and Council Offices; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand four hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, for the Services of Holyhead Harbour and Shrewsbury and Holyhead Roads, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and forty thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Expence of constructing Harbours of Refuge; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, on account of the Works carrying on at the Caledonian Canal, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand four hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to defray the Expence of maintaining and repairing the several Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, also the Expence of Inland Navigation, and other Services under the Direction of the said Commissioners, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Expence of Works and Repairs at Kingstown Harbour, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred and fifteen Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Expence of providing temporary Accommodation for the Houses of Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, on account of Port Patrick Harbour, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

XVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, to pay Salaries and Expences of the Two Houses of Parliament, and Allowances to Retired Officers of the Two Houses, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-six thousand nine hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand four hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences of the Office of Her Majesty's Secrc- f tary of State for the Home Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight;

76 i

and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-one thousand Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and also of the Queen's Messengers and extra Couriers attached to that Department, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences in the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand and seven hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences in the Departments of Her Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, and Committee of Privy Council for Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, to pay the Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-six thousand seven hundred and twenty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Office of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand eight hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences in the Departments of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer, the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills, and the Paymaster of Civil Services, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences of the State Paper Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand four hundred and forty Pounds, towards defraying the Expences of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand eight hundred and six Pounds, to defray the Expenditure of the Mint, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Office of the Commissioners of Railways, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds, to pay Salaries and Expences connected with the Public Records and Compensation to Keepers of Records and others whose Offices have been abolished, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand and thirty-four Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences of the Inspectors of Factories,

Mines,

71,000l. for the Foreign Department, &c .;

18,000l. for the Coloniul Department;

37, 700/. for the Privy Council and Board of Trade;

2.000l. for Lord Privy Seal;

2G, 722Z. for Office of Paymaster General;

15, 823/. for Comptroller General of Exchequer, &c

2, 650/. for State Paper Office;

3, 440/. for Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England;

77, 8061 for the Mint;

17,000l. for Commissioners of Railways;

12, 812/. for Public Records, &c .;

13, 034/. for Salaries, Ac c. of Inspectors of Factories, &c .;

1, 755/. Salaries of Officers, Scotland, &c .;

6, 464/. Household of Lord Lieutenant of Ireland;

22, 788/. for Offices of Chief Secretary, &c., Ireland;

5, 135/. for Paymaster of Civil Services, Ireland;

27, 028/. for Board of Public Works, Ireland;

39,000l. for Foreign and Secret Services;

295, 513/. for Stationery, Sec. for Government Departments;

182, 200/. for the Poor I.a\v Commissioners.

There shall be issued 9, 600L for Prosecutions under Laws relating to Coin;

16, 100/. for Expences of Sheriffs. Salaries of Officers of the Exchequer, &c .;

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

Mines, , fyc. c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand seven hundred and fifty-five Pounds, to pay the Salaries of certain Officers in Scotland, and other Charges formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand four hundred and sixty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London, and the Privy Council Office in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand one hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Office of the Paymaster of Civil Services in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand and twenty-eight Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences of the Board of Public Works in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred ninety-five thousand five hundred and thirteen Pounds, to defray the Expences of Stationery, Printing, and Binding, for the several Public Departments, including the Expence of the Stationery Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighty-two thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray Expences connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

XIX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine thousand six hundred Pounds, to pay Expences connected with the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand one hundred Pounds, to defray to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight the Expences incurred by Sheriffs, the Deficiency in the Fees in the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, the Salaries and ancient Allowances to certain Officers of the Court of Exchequer, and certain Expences of

1847. Appropriation. Cap. 107.

the Queen's Prison; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand three hundred and sixty-eight Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expences of the Insolvent Debtors Court, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-one thousand and sixty Pounds, to defray Law Expences in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-one thousand two hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, to defray the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Charges in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and eighty-eight thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, certain Charges formerly paid out of the County Rates, fyc .; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand three hundred and forty-nine Pounds, to defray the Expences of the Prison for Juvenile Offenders at Parkhurst in the Isle of Wight, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand three hundred and seven Pounds, to defray the Expences of the Prison at Pentonville, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand nine hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to defray the Expences of the Milbank Prison, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand eight hundred and twelve Pounds, to defray the Expence of the General Prison at Perth, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand two hundred and twenty-three Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of altering, maintaining, and repairing Convict Depots in Dublin, and the Constabulary Barracks in the Phoenix Park, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds towards defraying the Expence of erecting a General Prison for Convicts in Ireland, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and two Pounds, to defray the Expence of confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics in the Buildings attached to Bethlem Hospital, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money Hot exceeding Six thousand two hundred and ninety-three Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of erecting a Prison for Criminal Lunatics in Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand one hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expences of Inspectors of Prisons, of the Prison Board in

763

13.368/. for Insolvent Debtors Court;

61, 060/. for Law Expences, Scotland;

71, 259/. for Law Expences, Ireland;

388,000l. for Charges formerly paid out of County Rates; 14, 349/. Parkhurst Prison;

18, 307/. for Pen' lanville Prison;

33, 985/. for Milbank Prison;

8, 812/. for Perth Prison;

S, 223/. for Convict Depots in Dublin, &c .;

10,000l. for a General Prison for Convicts, Ireland f

4, 202/. for Criminal Lunatics;

6, 293/. for a Prison for Criminal Lunatics, Dublin;

11, 100/. Inspectors of Prisons, &c>;

.15, 9001, for the Police of Dublin;

118, 780*. for Convicts at home, &c .;

200,000*. for Convicts at Xew South WalesMc .;

12,000*. for Maintenance of Convicts, Ireland,

There shall be issued 48, 518*. for British Museum;

100,000*. for Public Education;

100,000*. lor Education, Ireland;

G, 50G*. School of Design, &c .;

2, 00Cl,

for certain Professors at Oxford mid Cambridge;

4, 536*. for London University;

7, 480*. for Grants to Scottish Universities;

300*. for Royal Irish Academy;

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

Scotland, and of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand nine hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Metropolitan Police of Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighteen thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Expence of the Convict Establishment at home, at Bermuda, and at Gibraltar, te the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Expence of Convicts in New South Wales and Van Diemens Land, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to defray Expences for the Maintenance of Convicts in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight *

XX. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-eight thousand five hundred and eighteen Pounds, to defray the Charges of the British Museum, for the Year ending on the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, for Public Education in Great Britain, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, to enable the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to issue Money for the Advancement of Education in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Expences of the School of Design, and for Aid to Provincial Schools, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand and six Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries and Allowances to certain Professors in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand five hundred and thirty-six Pounds, to defray the Expences of the University of London, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand four hundred and eighty Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight. Grants to Scottish Universities, formerly defrayed from the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Royal Irish Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding

Appropriation.

Cap. 107.

exceeding Three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Royal Hibernian Academy, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Royal Dublin Society, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand nine hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Royal Belfast Academical Institution, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-seven thousand nine hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, to defray the Expences of new Buildings and Fittings at the British Museum, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand one hundred and fifty-two Pounds, to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to defray Expences incurred in procuring Antiquities for the Museum; and any Stun or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Expences of the National Gallery, and for the Purchase of Pictures; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand nine hundred and sixty-one Pounds, to defray the Expence of the Geological Survey of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Museums of Practical Geology in London and Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and ninety-four Pounds, to defray the Expence of Magnetic Observatories at Toronto, Saint Helena, the Cape of Good Hopey and Van Diemen's Land, also for Observations and Services carrying on under the Direction of the Astronomer Royal, and other scientific Works and Publications, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, towards defraying in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven — forty-eight, the Expence of completing the Monument erected in Trafalgar Square to the Memory of Lord Nelson.

XXI. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand four hundred and ten Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and forty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand and seventy Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Prince Edwards Island, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight

765

soot for Royal Hibernian Academy; 6,000l. for Royal Dublin Society;

3, 900/. Belfast Academical Institution;

47, 959/. for Buildings at British Museum;

3, 152/. for Antiquities for ditto;

5, 537/. for National Gallery;

8, 961/. for Geological Surrey, Ac .;

4, 094/. for Observatories at Toronto. Ac .;

2,000l. for completing Monument to Lord Nelson.

There shall be issued 3, 410/. for Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands;

4, 049/. for ditto of the Bermudas;

3, 070/. for ditto of Prince Edward's Island;

400/. for Sable Island, Sec .;

13, 680/.for Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa;

11, 5001, for St. Helenas

7/219/. for Western Australia; £

1, 040/. for Port Essington;

5, 500/. for the Falkland Islands/

36,000l. for iViece Zealand;

1, 033/. fot Heligoland;

18, 394/. for Colonies;

11, 578/. for Ecclesiastical Establishment of British North American Provinces;

15,000l. for Indian Department in Canada;

23, 815/. for Colonial Land and Emigration Board, See .;

41, 600/. for Justices in West Indies, &c .;

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Suiris of Money not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Establishment at Sable Island for the Belief of shipwrecked Persons, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment on the Western Coast of Africa, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Saint Helena, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand two hundred and nineteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Settlement of Western Australia, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and forty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Settlement at Port Essington, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Government of the Falkland Islands, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Charge of the Colony of New Zealand; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of Heligoland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand three hundred and ninety-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Governors and Lieutenant Governors and others in the West India Colonies, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand five hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray the Expence of the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Indian Department in Canada, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand eight hundred and fifteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Colonial Land and Emigration Board, and other Expences connected with Emigration, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-one thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies and the Mauritius, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred

164?. Appropriation. Cap. 107 *

hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, to defray Expences incurred for the Support of captured Negroes and liberated Africans, and other Charges, under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, the Salaries and contingent Expences of the Mixed Commissions established on the Part of Her Majesty under the Treaties with Foreign Pow'ers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred eighteen thousand nine hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Consular Establishment abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the British Settlement at Hong Kong, and the Consular Establishments at the Five Ports open to British Trade in China, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, for Payment of the extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Missions abroad, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

XXII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of Superannuations, Allowances, and Compensations to Persons formerly employed in the Public Service, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds* to enable Her Majesty to grant Relief, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, Dutch Naval Officers Widows, Saint Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand two hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Expence of the National Vaccine Institution, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, towards the Support of the Refuge for the Destitute, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand Pounds, for Payment of the Subsistence of the Polish Refugees, and Allowances to distressed Spaniards, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand seven hundred and seventy-two Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List, the Hereditary Revenues, §*c., for which no

767

10, OO&for Support of captured Negroes, &c .;

23,0002. for Commissions for suppressing the Slave Trade;

118, 9702. for Consular Establishment;

50,0002. for British Settlement at Hong Kong, Ac .;

20,0002. for Missions abroad.

There shall be issued 87, 2002. for Retired Allowances to Public Officers;

5,0002. for Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, &c .;

2, 2952. for National Vaccine Institution;

3.0002. for Refuge for Destitute;

11.0002. for Polish Refugees, &c .;

6, 7722. to pay Allowances formerly paid from Civil List, Ac .;

4, 886/. for Foundling Hospital, Dublin;

14, 026/. for House of Industry, Dublin;

1,000l. for Female Orphan House, Dublin;

2*500/. for Westmoreland Lock Hospital;

1,000l. for Ly-ing-in Hospital, Dublin;

1, 500/. for Dr. Stevens' Hospital;

3, 800/1 for Fever Hospital, &c., Dublin;

500/. for Hospital for Incurables;

36, 214/. for Protestant Dissenting Ministers, Ireland;

7, 2561 for Charitable Allowances, Ireland.

There shall be issued 3, 400/. for Criminal Law Commission;

1, 500/. for Criminal Laws in the Chanuel Islands;

33,000l. for certain Navigation Works, Ireland;

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

permanent Provision has been made by Parliament; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand two hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Expence of the Foundling Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand and twenty-six Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the House of Industry, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Expence of the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-firat Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of Dr Stevens' Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand eight hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery, Cork Street, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of the Hospital for Incurables, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand two hundred and fourteen Pounds, to defray the Expence of Nonconforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand two hundred and fifty-six Pounds, to pay, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, charitable Allowances charged on the Concordatum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties.

XXIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray, for One Year, the Expences of the Commission for digesting the Criminal Law; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Expences of the Commission for inquiring into the Criminal Laws in force in the Channel Islands; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven. One Moiety of the Cost of certain

Works

1847.

Appropriation.

Cap. 107.

769

Works of Navigation in Ireland connected with Drainage; and i, 662t for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thou- House at ram; sand eight hundred and forty-seven — forty-eight, the Charge of Works and Repairs to the British Ambassador's House at Paris; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand 5o, ooooi for Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of Steam Communication Steam to India to India by way of the Red Sea, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight; and any i6, ooool for Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven — forty-eight, the Expence of Militia and Volunteers in Canada; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four 4, ooooz. for thousand Pounds, on account of the Expence of erecting Light- Lighthouses at houses at Newfoundland and at the Cape of Good Hope, in the &cw. a" 9 Year One thousand eight hundred and fprty-seven; and any 7, 75c/. for Sup-Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand seven pression of the hundred and fifty Pounds, to pay Rewards for Services in the Slave Trade 5 Suppression of the Slave Trade on the Coast of Africa; and 5, 5coi. for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five [|^b>v0^lga* hundred Pounds, to defray, in the Year One thousand eight Ireland. hundred and forty-seven. One Moiety of the Cost of executing further Works of Navigation in Ireland connected with Drainage.

XXIV. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Aids Supplies to be and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied J^e^rpows^ to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever other than the Uses, aforesaid. Intents, and Purposes before mentioned, or for the other Payments directed to be satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or

any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament.

XXV. And it is hereby also enacted, That the respective Expenditure for Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums N«vx» Army, granted by this Act for Navy, Army, and Ordnance Services "rvjCeS^c. shall confine the Expenditure of their respective Departments tively to be con-within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the fmed to separate Services comprised in the Sum of Seven millions five ^esforwhich hundred sixty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six granted. Founds for Naval Services, in the Sum of Six millions nine

hundred thirteen thousand and eight hundred and sixteen Pounds for Army Services, and in the Sum of Two millions six hundred seventy-nine thousand one hundred and twenty-four Pounds for Ordnance Services: Provided always, that if the Treasury may. Exigencies of the Public Service shall render it indispensably ^]ntc^eCp^t^n, necessary to alter the Proportions assigned to any of the portionate separate Services comprised in the aggregate Sum granted by Amounts for this Act for Naval Services, for Army Services, or for Ordnance ^vi^pn^ Services, the Department in which such Necessity shall have vided the total arisen shall represent the Circumstances which may have led to Grant to it in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, ^excwde^ and it shall be lawful for such Department, on Her Majesty's Pleasure* to that Effect being signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for

770 Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

the Time being, to apply in aid of the deficient Grant a further limited Sum out of any Surplus or Surpluses under other Heads of Service in the same Department: Provided always, that the aggregate Sum of Seven millions five hundred sixty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-six Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, of Six millions nine hundred thirteen thousand eight hundred and sixteen Pounds for Army Services, or of Two millions six hundred seventy-nine thousand one hundred and twenty-four Pounds for Ordnance Services, shall not be exceeded.

Rules to be

XXVI. And as to the Sum of Four hundred and twenty ion of thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated on account of Half the Sum'appro- Pay as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the priated to Half Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive^any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of the Half Pay to be received; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Gases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary at War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same

for

1847. Appropriation. Cap. 107. '

for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay, or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments.

of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Pay master General, with Her Majesty's Approbation, signified by the Secretary at War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary at War; but no Person who after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Master General and the Board of Ordnance, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay: Pro- Not to prevent vided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent "eivin£ of any Person from receiving his Half Pay who shall be entitled any Act relating to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or to the General Local Militia or the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every Local Militia, such Person shall receive-the same according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Britain or Ireland, may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any War-

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officer* appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828.

An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Persons concerned in issuing, paying, and receiving Money for tho Payment of Half Pay, without the Oaths having been taken as required, indemnified.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 116.

Cap. 107. Appropriation. 10 & 11 Vict.

rant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and staling in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officers appointed to Civil Place or Employment under Her Majesty, or under any other Government, since the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, through the Secretary at War, but such Permission to be granted under the Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Parliament in every Year, on or before the First Day of April if Parliament shall be then sitting, or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Employments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent t6 preceding Accounts.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the Time being, to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere, in Civil Situations of Responsibility, with small Emoluments, will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service; and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

XXVIII. And whereas a considerable Part of the Money

appropriated on account of Half Pay by an Act passed in

the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions ' three hundred fifty-six thousand one hundred and seventy-three i Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven-pence out of the Consolidated Fund, and Monies in the Exchequer, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to ' appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament,

has been issued without requiring, by Persons issuing or paying, and without the taking by the Persons receiving Half ' Pay, the Oaths or Declarations prescribed to be taken by Officers claiming Half Pay; and Part of the said Monies

has been paid to Officers claiming or entitled to Half Pay who at the same Time held and may still hold the Situation

1847.' Appropriation. Cap; 107. 773

« of and serve respectively as Surgeons, Serjeant Majors, Ser- jeants. Corporals, or Privates in the General or Local Militia,

or Yeomanry or Volenteer Corps, in Great Britain or Ireland,

and it is expedient that all such Persons should be indem-

nified; be it therefore enacted, That all Persons concerned in the advising, authorizing, or directing the issuing, or in the issuing of any Half Pay, or any Monies for Half Pay, or in the Application of any Money appropriated by the said Act for that Purpose, or in receiving or being concerned in the receiving any Portion of the Money so appropriated for such Hall Pay, without requiring or taking the said Oaths or Declarations, or to or on account of any such Officers or Persons as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby fully exonerated and discharged from all Penalties, Forfeitures, Prosecutions, or Proceedings in respect of any thing done in relation thereto, in all Cases in which such Half Pay, or Payment for or in respect of such Half Pay, shall have been or may hereafter be issued or received in conformity with the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, and the Usages heretofore established or observed in relation to the issuing, paying, and receiving of Half Pay in all other respects, except so far as relates to the demanding, requiring, or taking the said Oaths or Declarations; and all such Payments and Issues of Half Pay which shall have been or may be issued to any such Person as aforesaid shall be deemed valid and effectual Payments, and the Paymaster General, and all other Persons concerned in the issuing and paying the same, shall be and are hereby fully indemnified, and shall be and are hereby fully discharged and exonerated in respect thereof, in all Accounts relating to such Issues and Payments; any thing in any Act or Acts, or any Laws, Rules, or Regulations relating to the issuing and paying of Half Pay, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas the Royal Regiment of Manx Fen- Half Pay

cibles engaged to serve in the said Corps upon a Stipulation officers of the

f contained in the Letter of Service under which they were Afal^Fenciblw.

raised, that they should be allowed to receive any Half Pay

to which they might be entitled notwithstanding their holding ' Subaltern Commissions in the said Corps; but no Provision

has been made by Parliament for Payment of such Half Pay, and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be

now made for the Arrears of Half Pay to such Officers as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That Officers who were entitled to Half Pay, and who accepted or held Subaltern Commissions in the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles, shall, notwithstanding their having held the Full Pay of such Commissions, be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for any Year or Time in which they shall not have been allowed to receive the same, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before any Person hereby authorized to administer a Declaration to Persons for the Purpose of receiving Half Pay, that they had not, in any Year or Time for which such Arrear is claimed, any Office or Employment of Profit, Civil

or

774

Cap. 107.

Appropriation.

10 & 11 Vict.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not being in possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown,

By 9 & 10 Vict. c.l 16. a Sum was appropriated to be paid to Half Pay Officers, the Surplus of which is hereby authorised to be disposed of as Her Majesty shall direct.

or Military, under Her Majesty, besides their Allowance of Half Pay, save and except their Pay as such Subaltern Officere of the Royal Regiment of Manx Fencibles; and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Officer to receive his Half Pay.

XXX. 'And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have ' been placed upon Half Pay have not been allowed to rc-

ceive such Half Pay in some Years, in consequence of being ' in possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices ' or Preferments, though the same were not in the Patronage 1 of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and ' reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half

Pay, though in possession of Ecclesiastical Preferment, pro* ' vided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from the Crown; and that they should be entitled to receive the

Arrears of Half Pay for such former Years as aforesaid:' Bo it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed on Half Pay, shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year, in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration, before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay, that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty; and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

XXXI. 'And whereas by the said recited Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty the several Supplies which had been granted to Her Majesty as therein mentioned were appropriated to the several ' Uses and Purposes therein expressed, amongst which any Sum ' or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and twenty- six thousand Pounds in the whole was appropriated to be paid ' on account of Half Pay for the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, subject nevertheless to such Rules to ' be observed in the Application of the said Half Pay as in ' and by the aforesaid Act were prescribed in that BehalfNow it is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, That so much of the said Sum of Three hundred and twenty-six thousand Pounds as is or shall be more than sufficient to satisfy the said reduced Officers according to the Rules to be observed in the Application thereof, or any Part of such Overplus, shall and may be disposed of to such Officers who are maimed or have lost their Limbs in the late War, or such others as by reason of their long Service, or otherwise, Her Majesty shall judge to be proper Objects of Charity, or to the Widows or Children of such Officers, according to such Warrant or Warrants, under Her Majesty's

775

1847. Appropriation. — Bishoprick of Manchester. Cap. 107, 108

Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, as shall be signed in that Behalf; any thing in this Act or the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And as to the Sum of One hundred thirty-one thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces as aforesaid, and as to the Sum of Ninety-eight thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List, of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, and of Pensions to Officers for Wounds as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrant directing the Issue of such Pensions and Allowances so to be received.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every such Declaration shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or before the resident Minister of the Established Church in any Parish in England, Scotland, or Ireland, or before any of the persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act for establishing the Bishoprick of Manchester, and amending certain Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England.

[23d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for carrying into effect the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to consider the State of the Established Church in England and Wales, toith reference to Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues, so far as they relate to Episcopal Dioceses, Revenues, and Patronage; and another Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to cainy into effect, with certain Modifications, the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Ecclesiastical Duties and Revenues; and another Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend Two several Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England; and another Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Cathedral Churches of Wales: And whereas Her Majesty was pleased, on the Tenth Day of February in this

Widows and Persons claiming Pensions shall make the required Declaration.

Declarations to be made as specified in 5 & 6 W. 4. C. 62.

6 & 7 W.4. c. 77.

3 & 4 Vict. c.ll3.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 39.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 77.

Their First Report.

Recommenda-

tions.

Repeal of repugnant Enactments;

and Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

Cap. 108. Bishoprick of Manchester.« 10 & 11 Vict.

this Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, to issue a Commission to certain Persons therein named, directing them to consider the State of the several Bishopricks in England and Wales with special Reference to the Intention, therein graciously declared by Her Majesty, that a Measure

should be submitted to Parliament for continuing the Bishopricks of Saint Asaph and Bangor as separate Bishopricks, and for establishing forthwith a Bishoprick of Manchester; and the said Commissioners have made their First Report to Her Majesty, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of April in tins

present Year, and have in their said Report recommended, That the Diocese of Saint Asaph consist of the whole Counties of Flint and Denbigh, and such Parts of the Counties of Salop and Montgomery as are now in that Diocese, except the Deanry of Ceifeiling in the lastmentioned County; and That the Diocese of Bangor consist of the whole Counties of Anglesea, Carnarvon, and Merioneth, and the Deanries of Ceifeiling and Arwstley in the County of Montgomery; and That the Diocese of Chester consist of the County of Chester and the Deanry of Warrington in the County of Lancaster, except the Parish of Leigh; and That the new Bishoprick of Manchester be forthwith founded, and endowed out of the Revenues at the Disposal of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England applicable to Episcopal Purposes; and That the Diocese of Manchester consist of such Parts of the Deanries of Kendal and Kirkby Lonsdale as are in the County of Lancaster, and of the Deanries of Amounderness, Blackburn, Manchester, and Leyland, and the Parish of Leigh in the Deanry of Warrington, all in the same County; and That an Archdeaconry of Liverpool be founded in the Diocese of Chester; and that such Archdeaconry comprise the Deanry of Worrall in the County of Chester and the Deanry of Warrington (except the Parish of Leigh) in the County of Lancaster:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Recommendations should be carried into effect, with such Modifications as may be found necessary, and that certain of the Provisions of the said recited Acts should be altered and amended:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much and such Parts of the said recited Acts as provide for or apply to the Union of the Bishopricks, Sees, or Dioceses of Saint Asaph and Bangor, and also any Orders of Her Majesty in Council relating to the said Union, or to the new See or Diocese of Manchester, shall be repealed, and that all the Powers and Authorities vested in Her Majesty in Council, and in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for

1847. Bishoprick of Manchester. Cap. 108, 109. 777

England, by the said first and secondly recited Acts, with reference to the Matters therein respectively contained, and all other the Provisions of the same Acts relating to Schemes and Orders prepared, made, and issued for the Purposes thereof, and to Modifications and Variations therein, shall be continued and extended and shall apply to Her Majesty in Council, and to the said Commissioners, and to all Schemes and Orders to be prepared, made, and issued by them respectively, for the Purpose of carrying into effect the foregoing Recommendations, as fully and effectually os if the said Powers, Authorities, and other Provisions were repeated herein.

II. And be it enacted, That the Number of Lords Spiritual Number of now sitting and voting as Lords of Parliament shall not be ^>, ^tual increased by the Creation of the Bishoprick of Manchester; and creased, whenever there shall be a Vacancy among the Lords Spiritual

by the Avoidance of any one of the Sees of Canterbury, York,

London, Durham, or Winchester, or of any other See which shall be filled by the Translation thereto from any other See of a Bishop at that Time actually sitting as a Lord of Parliament, such Vacancy shall be supplied by the Issue of a Writ of Summons to the Bishop who shall be elected to the same See; but if such Vacancy be caused by Avoidance of any other See in England or Wales, such Vacancy shall be supplied by the Issue of a Writ of Summons to that Bishop of a See in England or Wales who shall not have previously become entitled to such Writ; and no Bishop who shall be hereafter elected to any See in England or Wales, not being one of the Five Sees above named, shall be entitled to have a Writ of Summons, unless in the Order and according to the Conditions above prescribed.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament. amen ' c *

CAP. CIX.

An Act for the Administration of the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England.

[23d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty,

[4 & 5 W. 4. C. 76.]

intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to

the Poor in England and Wales; and divers Acts have since been passed for the Amendment of the said Act, or otherwise relating to the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England: And whereas the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England is subject to the Direction and Control

of the Poor Law Commissioners, whose Commission will expire at the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July in this Year, and it is expedient to make further Provision for the Administration of the said Laws:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Appointment of Commissioners.

Commissioners ex officio.

When Commissioners shall enter on their Office.

Who shall preside at Meetings of the Commissioners.

Seal of the Commissioners.

Appointment of Secretaries, Clerks, Ac.

Cap. 109. Poor Laws Administration. 10 & 11 Vicrf.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Letters Patent, or by any Commission or Commissions to be issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain from Time to Time to nominate, constitute, and appoint during Pleasure such Person or Persons as Her Majesty shall think fit to be and who shall accordingly be and be styled " Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England and whenever in this Act the Word Commissioners shall be used without Addition it shall be taken to mean the said Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England.

II. And be it enacted, That the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being shall be, by virtue of their respective Offices, Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in England, with the Person or Persons nominated in any such Letters Patent or Commission as aforesaid, and shall have the same Powers as if they were expressly nominated in such Commission.

III. And be it enacted, That Notice of the Issue of every such Commission shall be published in the London Gazette; and the Commissioners first appointed under this Act shall enter on their Office, and all the Powers by this Act vested in them shall take effect, on the Day after the first Publication of such Notice in the London Gazette.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Commissioner first named in any such Letters Patent or Commission for the Time being shall be and be styled the " President and whenever in the Absence of the President Two or more of the Commissioners shall meet for the Execution of any Powers vested in them by this Act, the Commissioner next in order of Nomination in the said Commission or this Act, of those who shall be present, shall for that Turn preside; and if the Commissioners present at any Meeting shall be equally divided in Opinion upon any Question before them, the President, or in his Absence the Commissioner presiding at that Meeting, shall have a Second or casting Vote.

V. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall cause a Seal to be made for their Use, and such Seal shall have the same Force and Effect as the Seal of the Poor Law Commissioners now has in England, and Documents purporting to be sealed or stamped therewith shall be received in Evidence in like Manner and with the like Effect as Documents sealed or stamped with the Seal of the Poor Law Commissioners are now received in Evidence.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by Order under their Seal, appoint Two Secretaries, and may, by a like Order under their Seal, remove any Secretary so appointed, and shall also from Time to Time appoint so many Clerks, Messengers, and Servants as shall be allowed

77#

by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and all the Persons so appointed shall hold their Offices during the Pleasure of the Commissioners.

VII. And be it enacted, That any Two of the said Commis- Who com.' sioners, or the said President alone, except as herein-after pro- StSdoinDf m vided, shall be competent to act in the Execution of any Powers Act. vested in the Commissioners by this Act; provided that no Act of the Commissioners which is required to be under their Seal, or which, if done by the Poor Law Commissioners, must have been done under their Hands and Seal, shall be of any Validity unless it shall purport to be signed by at least Two of the Commissioners, or by the President, and if signed by the President alone, countersigned by one of the Secretaries to the Commissioners; and during any Vacancy among the Commissioners, the surviving or continuing Commissioners or Commissioner may continue to act with the same Powers and in the same Manner respectively as before such Vacancy.

VIII. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to the Salaries. President, and to the said Secretaries, Clerks, Messengers, and Servants, such Salaries as shall be from Time to Time regulated by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but no Commissioner, other than the said President, shall be entitled to have any Salary or Remuneration

for acting in the Execution of this Act.

IX. And be it enacted, That the Office of President shall President and not be deemed such an Office as shall render the Person holding

such Office incapable of being elected, or of sitting or voting of Comas a Member of the Commons House of ^Parliament, or as shall mom. avoid his Election if returned, or render him liable to any Penalty for sitting or voting in Parliament; and that One only of the said Secretaries shall at the same Time be capable of sitting and voting in the Commons House of Parliament.

X. And be it enacted, That on the Day on which the Com- Transfer of missioners first appointed under this Act shall enter on their DuT^oVthe Office, all the Powers and Duties of the Poor Law Cominis- Poor Law sioners with respect to the Administration or Control of the Commissioners. Administration of Relief to the Poor throughout England, and

all other Powers and Duties now vested in them, shall be transferred to and vested in the Commissioners, and shall be thenceforth exercised by them, and by the Commissioners appointed from Time to Time in and by any new Commission or Letters Patent under the Provisions of this Act, and all Provisions in any Act relating to the Administration of Relief to the Poor in England, or to the Powers or Duties of the Poor Law Commissioners, shall be construed as if in the said several Acts the Commissioners had been named instead of the Poor Law Commissioners, subject nevertheless to any Amendments made by this Act, either as to the Substance or Manner of exercising any of the Powers of the said Poor Law Commissioners; and at the same Time all Powers and Authorities vested by any Act in the Poor Law Commissioners appointed under the first-recited Act, or any Act passed for the Amendment thereof,

shall

Power to summon Witnesses.

Repeal of certain Enactments as to the Records of the Commissioners. 5 & 6 Vict. c. 57.

Annual Report to Her Majesty to be laid before Parliament

How Rules are to be made.

Cap. 109. Poor Laws Administration. 10 & 11 Vict.

shall cease, and all Secretaries, Assistant Secretaries, Clerks, Messengers, and Officers appointed and employed by the said Poor Law Commissioners in the Business of their Office shall cease to hold their several Offices and Employments.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners, by Summons under their Seal, may require the Attendance of all Persons upon any Matter connected with the Execution of any of the Powers by Law vested in them at such Time and Place as shall be set forth in the Summons, and may make Inquiry and require Returns, and require and enforce the Production upon Oath of Books, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, Maps, Plans, Surveys, Valuations, and Writings, or Copies thereof respectively, in anywise relating to any such Matter, and the Commissioners or any One of them may upon such Matters administer Oaths, and examine upon Oath all Persons so brought before them or him, and, when they or he shall think fit, instead of requiring such Oath as aforesaid, may require any such Person to make and subscribe a Declaration of the Truth of the Matters respecting which he shall have been or shall be so examined: Provided always, that no Person shall be required, in obedience to any such Order, to go more than Ten Miles from the Place of his Abode: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall empower the Commissioners to require the Production of the Title, or of any Paper or Deed relating to the Title of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, not being the Property of any Parish or Union.

XII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, or of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Poor Law Commission, and for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England, or of any other Act as would require any Minute of the Opinion of each of the Commissioners to be made in the Record of their Proceedings in Cases of final Difference of Opinion upon any Order or Proceeding, or as would require any Record or general Report of the Proceedings of the Commissioners to he submitted to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall be repealed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall once in every Year submit to Her Majesty a general Report of them Proceedings, and every such general Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Six Weeks after the Date thereof if Parliament be then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting, within Six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Day on which the Commissioners first appointed under this Act shall enter on their Office the Power vested in the Poor Law Commissioners to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and from Time to Time to vary or rescind the same, shall be vested in

the

1847,

Poor Laws Administration. Cap. 109,

7*1

the Commissioners constituted under this Act, to be exercised by them in the Manner herein-after specified, and the Commissioners shall make all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations under their Seal, except such as are intended only for their own Guidance or Procedure, or for the Guidance or Procedure of any Persons appointed or employed by them for the Business of their Office, and shall make all General Rules under their Seal, and under the Hands of Three or more of the Commissioners, of whom the President shall be One.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Rule, Order, or Regular Definition of tion of the Commissioners which at the Time of issuing the General Rules* same shall be directed to and affect more than One Union, shall be deemed a General Rule, and every Rule, Order, and Regulation made to vary or rescind a General Rule, whether it be directed to or affect One or more than One Union, shall also be deemed a General Rule.

XVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the Day on Repeal of Part which the Commissioners first appointed under this Act shall 4 *

enter on their Office so much of the said Act of the Fifth Year makin^General of the Reign of His late Majesty as relates to the making of Rules. General Rules by the Poor Law Commissioners, or to the Time or Manner when or how any such General Rule shall operate or take effect, or to the Disallowance! of any such General Rule, or any Part thereof, shall be repealed *

XVII. And be it enacted, That if Her Majesty shall be Disallowance of pleased at any Time, by the Advice of Her Privy Council, to ^hToueciTia disallow any such General Rule, or any Part thereof* the same, council.UeeD so far as it shall have been so disallowed, shall cease to be of any # Force or Validity, except as to all Things lawfully done under the same before such Disallowance* which shall be and continue to be valid.

XVIII. Provided always* tad be it declared and enacted, confirmation of That all lawful Rules, Orders, and Regulations of the Poor Law eMst, n* Uu, es* Commissioners made before the Day on which the Commissioners first appointed under this Act shall enter on their Office

shall continue in full Force tad Effect until rescinded or varied under the Authority of this Act *

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners shall from Appointment of Time to Time, by Order Uhder their Seal, appoint so many fit llvsPectbrs* Persons as shall be allowed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to be Inspectors, to assist

in the Execution of this Act and of other Acts now or which shall be hereafter in force for the Relief of the Poor in England, and may from Time to Time assign to the Inspectors so appointed, or any of them, such Duties in the Execution of this Act as they think fit; and the Commissioners, by Order under their Seal, may remove all or any of the said Inspectors, and appoint others in their Stead J and there shall be paid to every such Inspector such Salary as shall be from Time to Time regulated by the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Iler Majesty's Treasury.

782

Duties of Inspectors.

Inspectors may summon Witnesses.

Special Inquiries.

Persons, being married, above 60 Years of Age,

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Inspectors, andeaebof them, shall be entitled to visit and inspect every Workhouse or Place wherein any poor Person in receipt of Relief shall be lodged, and to attend every Board of Guardians and every parochial and other local Meeting held for the Relief of the Poor, and to take Part in the Proceedings, but not to vote at such Board or Meeting.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said Inspectors may summon before them such Persons as they may think necessary for the Purpose of being examined before them ujpon any Matter concerning the Administration of the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor, or any other Matter placed by Law under the Control or Regulation of the Commissioners, or for the Purpose of producing and verifying upon Oath any Books, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, Writings, or Copies of the same in anywise relating to such Matter, and not' relating to or involving any Question of Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments not being the Property of any Parish or Union, and may examine any Person whom they shall so summon, or who shall voluntarily come before them to be examined upon any such Matter upon Oath, which each of the said Inspectors shall be empowered to administer, or instead of administering an Oath, the Inspector may require the Party examined to make and subscribe a Declaration of the Truth of the Matter respecting which he shall have been or shall be so examined; and all Summonses made by any such Inspector for any such Purpose as aforesaid shall be obeyed by all Persons as if such Summons had been the Summons and Order of the Commissioners, and the Nonobservance thereof shall be punishable in like Manner; and that the Costs and Expences of such Person so summoned shall be paid in such Cases and in such Manner as the Costs and Expences of Persons summoned under the Authority of the firstoecited Act are now payable: Provided always, that no Person shall be required in obedience to any such Summons to go or travel more than Ten Miles from his Place of Abode.

XXII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty as relates to the Appointment of any Assistant Commissioner or of any Person for the Purpose of conducting any special Inquiry as an Assistant Commissioner shall be repealed; and that, whenever it may seem fitting to the Commissioners, they, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, may .appoint some fit Person to act as an Inspector for the Purpose of conducting any special Inquiry for a Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and the said Commissioners may delegate to every Person so appointed for the Purpose of conducting such Inquiry all such of the Powers of the said Commissioners as they may deem necessary or expedient for summoning Witnesses and conducting such Inquiry.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Two Persons, being Husband and Wife, both of whom shall bs

7 above

1847.

Poor Laws Administration.

Cap. 109. 783

above the AgO of Sixty Years, shall be received into any not compelled Workhouse, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said recited workho^.m Act or of this Act, or of any Rule, Order, or Regulation of the Commissioners appointed by Authority of this Act, such Two Persons shall not be compelled to live separate and apart from each other in such Workhouse.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That in all Cases where Boards For ensuring Of Guardians neglect to appoint a Visiting Committee for the Purpose of visiting the Workhouse of the Union, or when Three houses. Months shall have elapsed during which such Committee shall have neglected to visit such Workhouse, the Poor Law Commissioners shall be required to appoint a Visitor, not being one of the Guardians, at a Salary to be fixed by them, to be paid out of the general Fund of the Union: Provided always, that the Appointment of any such paid Visitor shall cease at the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Appointment of any Visiting Committee by the Guardians, subject nevertheless to his Re-appointment in case of any Repetition of such Neglect of the Guardians or Visiting Committee as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it enacted, That in any civil or criminal Pro- For Confirma-ceeding it shall not be necessary to prove the sending of the thfPro' original Order of the Poor Law Commissioners, or of the Com- Boardfof mission ere constituting any Board of Guardians, in any Case in Guardians, which any Persons professing to form a Board in obedience to

such Order shall have taken upon themselves to act, and shall have continued for Three Years to act, in the Execution of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor; and in no Proceeding shall it be lawful to question the Qualification or Validity of the Election of any Person as a Guardian after the End of Twelve Months next following the Election, or the Time when the alleged Disqualification or Want of Qualification of the Person against whom such Proceeding shall be directed shall have arisen.

XXVI. And be it declared and enacted, That every Person Penalties for who upon any Examination under the Authority of this Act Evidence for shall wilfully give false Evidence, or wilfully make or subscribe refusingtogive a false Declaration, shall, on being convicted thereof, suffer the Evidence. Pains and Penalties of Perjury; and every Person who shall

refuse or wilfully neglect to attend in obedience to any Summons of the Commissioners or any Inspector, or to give Evidence, or who shall wilfully alter, suppress, conceal, destroy, or refuse to produce any Books, Contracts, Agreements, Accounts, Maps,

Plans, Surveys, Valuations, or Writings, or Copies of the same which may be required to be produced for the Purposes of this Act, to any Person authorized by this Act to require the Production thereof, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That, save when varied or re- Confirmation of pealed by this Act, and subject to the Provisions herein con- ^de^ted tained, all the Powers and Provisions of the recited Acts and Acts.

of all other Acts relating to the Relief of the Poor in England, and every Thing lawfully done under the same, or in pursuance thereof, and all lawful Acts and Proceedings of the Poor Law Commissioners, and their Assistant Commissioners, pnd any

784

Commission to continue for Five Years *

Interpretation of Act *

Act may be amended, &c.

9 & 10 Vict c. 66.

Officers acting under them, or in virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, or under their Authority, or by any other Person acting in the Administration of the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England, on or before the Day when the Commissioners first appointed under this Act shall enter on their Office, shall be as valid as if this Act had not been passed; and every Suit or other Proceeding civil or criminal, begun before the last-mentioned Day, in the Name and under the Authority of the Poor Law Commissioners, shall have the same Force and Effect, if continued in their Names under the Sanction of the Commissioners, as if the Poor Law Commissioners had continued to act in execution of the said Acts of Parliament; and nothing herein contained shall in any way take away or interfere with any Right of Action or of Defence to the same, or any Liability to be sued or prosecuted for any Penalty, for or against any Person under the said Acts, or any of them, according to the respective Provirions thereof, which shall have accrued wholly or in part before the last-mentioned Day.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner constituted under this Act, nor any Inspector, Secretary, or other Officer or Person to be appointed and employed by the Commissioners in the Business of their Office under this Act, shall continue to hold his respective Office under this Act, or exercise any of the Powers given by this Act, for a longer Period than Five Years next after the Day of the passing of this Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and from and after the Expiration of the said Period of Five Years, and of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of this Act as enables Her Majesty to Appoint any Commissioner shall cease to operate or to have any Effect whatever.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed in the same Manner as the said Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, and the several Acts passed for the Amendment of the said Acts or either of them, and as One Act with the same, and with the Acts and Provisions thereby directed to be construed as One Act, unless where otherwise directed by this Act.

XXX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CX.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight.

[23d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of

* Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating 6 to the Removal of the Poor9 it was, amongst othpr things,

enacted as follows," that from and after the passing of this Act no Person shall be removed, nor shall any Warrant be granted

785

1847. Poor Removal Act Amendment. Cap. 110.

granted for the Removal of any Person, from any Parish ' m which such Person shall have resided for Five Years next

before the Application for the Warrant; provided always,

that the Time during which such Person shall be a Prisoner i in a Prison, or shall be serving Her Majesty as a Soldier,

Marine, or Sailor, or reside as an In-Pensioner in Greenwich ' or Chelsea Hospitals, or shall be confined in a Lunatic Asylum or House duly licensed or Hospital registered for ' the Reception of Lunatics, or as a Patient in a Hospital, or ' during which any such Person shall receive Relief from any

Parish, or shall be wholly or in part maintained by any Rate

or Subscription raised in a Parish in which such Person does ' not reside, not being a bona fide charitable Gift, shall for aH ' Purposes be excluded in the Computation of Tiifle herein-before ' mentioned, and that the Removal of a Pauper Lunatic to a ' Lunatic Asylum under the Provisions of any Act relating to

the Maintenance and Care of Pauper Lunatics shall not be ' deemed a Removal within the Meaning of this Act; provided ' always, that whenever any Person shall have a Wife or Children having no other Settlement than his or her own, such ' Wife and Children shall be removable when he or she is re-

movable, and shall not be removable when he or she is not ' removable:" And whereas the Effect of the above-recited ' Enactment has been to increase unduly the Amount of Expenditure for the Relief of the Poor in particular Parishes :f Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Expenditupe Expenditure which shall be incurred by any Parish, Township, incurred by any or Place forming Part of a Union for the Maintenance, Relief,

or Burial of any Person or Persons who shall have been at any &c. of Persons Time within One Year before the passing of the above-recited who or y Enactment in the Receipt of Relief from some other Parish,

Township, or Place, by Right of Settlement or reputed Settlement exempted ment therein, and who by the above-recited Enactment are or frora Liability, may be exempted from the Liability to be removed from the th/uSn. Parish, Township, or Place in which such Person or Persons shall be residing, shall from and after the passing of this Act, so long as such Person or Persons shall continue to be so exempted, be charged to the common or general Fund of such Union in the same Manner as the Cost of building or providing Workhouses in Unions and other Union Expences are directed to be charged by an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An 4 & 5 W, 4. c. 76. Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force Continuance of until the First Day of October in the Year One thousand eight AcU hundred and forty-eight.

III. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or Act may be repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament* amended, &c.

3 D 3 CAP.

& 9 Vict* 8.118.

Where the Title to a Manor, &c. is litigated, the Content of both Claimants to be equivalent to Consent of an actual Owner.

Provision for the Case of more than One Person claiming to be interested.

Saving Rights of the Crown and others to the Soil of .Encroachments.

Cap. 111.

Commons Inclosure.

10 & 11 Vict.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Act for the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons.

[23d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons and Lands held in common, the Exchange of Lands, and the Division of intermixed Lands; 4 to provide Remedies for defective or incomplete Executions, and for the Non-execution of the Powers of general and local Inclosure Acts; and to provide for the Revival of suck Powers in certain Cases: And whereas it is expedient further to facilitate Proceedings under the said recited Act in the Cases herein-after mentioned: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where an Action, Suit, or Difference shall be pending concerning the Title to any Manor, Land, or Right, or to an Estate or Interest therein, of which the actual Owner would, under the Definitions of the said Act, be (in respect of such Manor, Land, or Right,) the Person interested in Land concerning which any Application or Proceeding may be made or be pending under the said Act, the Consent of both the Persons between whom such Action, Suit, or Difference may be pending, to any Application, Inclosure, or other Proceeding under the said Act, shall be as effectual as the Consent of the actual Owner of the Manor, Land, or Right, or of such Estate or Interest therein, would have been in case no Action, Suit, or Difference had been pending.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where, according to the Claim of a Party to such Action, Suit, or Difference, more than One Person would be or become interested as aforesaid in respect of such Manor, Land, or Right, such Consent of such Number or Portion, or (as the Case may require) such Nonsignification of Dissent by such Number or Portion of the Persons who would so become interested, to the Application, Inclosure, or other Proceeding as would have been sufficient in case such Claim had been established shall be equivalent to the Consent of the Party so churning under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it enacted and declared, That where any Lands shall have been inclosed, by way of Encroachment or otherwise, from any Land subject to be inclosed under the said recited Act, for more than Twenty Years next preceding the Day of the first Meeting for the Examination of Claims in the Matter of an Inclosure under the Provisions of the said Act, and shall not, with such Consent as in the said Act provided, be directed by the Valuer to be considered as allottable, and Parcel of the Land to be inclosed, neither the Award in the Inclosure under the

1847. Commons Inclosure. Cap. 111. 787

Provisions of the said Act, nor any Consents or Orders previous thereto, shall be taken to divest, defeat, or prejudice any Property, Estate, Right, or Title of Her Majesty or of any other Person in or to the Lands so inclosed for Twenty Years or upwards as aforesaid, or the Minerals or Substrata under the same, or in or to any Rent or Payment payable in respect thereof (except only any Rights of Common intended to be extinguished by the Inclosure under the Provisions of the said Act).

IV. And be it enacted, That where an Exchange shall be made under the said Act of Lands not subject to be inclosed under such Act, or of Lands subject to be so inclosed as to which no Proceedings for an Inclosure shall be pending, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners, in conformity with the Terms of the Application for such Exchange, to except or reserve out of such Exchange the Property or Right of or to all or any of the Mines or Minerals under all or any Part of the Land given by both or either of the Parties, together with Rights and Easements for or auxiliary to the Exercise or Enjoyment of the Right or Property of such excepted or reserved Mines and Minerals, and (whether such Mines and Minerals shall or shall not be reserved) such Rights of Way and other Easements as the Parties to such Application may have agreed on.

Y. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty it is provided, that the Commissioners shall not in any Case proceed to amend any Award under any Local Act of Inclosure, or under the Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth for facilitating the Inclosure of Open and Arable Fields in England and Wales, or to authorize the Execution of any

Power or Authority under any such Local Act which shall have been lost or have become incapable of being executed, as therein mentioned, or to authorize any Person to be by them

appointed as therein mentioned to execute the Powers or ' Authorities of any Local Act, in the Place of the Commissioner or Commissioners appointed under such Local Act, until

Notice of the Application shall have been given by Advertise-

ment as therein mentioned; and that in case within Two

Calendar Months from the Publication of the last of the Ad-

vertisements. One Fourth Part in Number or Value of the

Persons interested, according to the Definitions therein-before contained, in the Land to which the Award so proposed to be amended, or the Part thereof proposed to be amended, should

relate, or in the Land to be affected by the Exercise of such

Powers or Authorities, should give Notice in Writing to the Commissioners of their Dissent from such Application, the ' Commissioners shall not proceed further on such Application be it enacted, That the said recited Provision be repealed; and that in case the Commissioners shall think fit to proceed on any such Application as aforesaid the Commissioners shall refer such Application to an Assistant Commissioner, and such Assis-

Exchanges may be made of Land, excepting or reserving Minerals and Easements.

Recital of Provision as to Commissioners not proceeding to amend any Award under any Local Act, &c. until Notice of Application shall have been given by Advertisement, Ac.

Recited Provision repealed, and if Commissioners think fit to proceed on any Applica-

Common* Inclosure.

lion, they may refer the same to an Assistant Commissioner, Ac.

Lands taken in exchange, &c. in respect of Copyhold or Customary Lands shall be held to be Copyhold, and shall be held of the same Lord,

Meetings may be adjourned without the Attendance of Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner.

Cap. 111.

10 & 11 VlOR

tant Commissioner shall hold such Meeting or Meetings to hear any Objections which may be made to such Application, and any Information or Evidence which may be offered in relation thereto, or to the Matter thereof, and shall report his Opinion as to the Expediency or Inexpediency of proceeding upon such Application, having regard to all Eights which may be disturbed or affected thereby, in such and the same Manner, and subject to such and the same Provisions concerning Notices of such Meetings, as are in the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Yean of Her present Majesty contained concerning Inquiries as to the Expediency or Inexpediency of a proposed Inclosure; and upon the Report of such Assistant Commissioner it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to proceed or to abstain from proceeding further on such Application, as they may think fit; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners (where they shall so think fit) to cause such further Meetings to be held, and Inquiries made in relation to such Application, or to the Report thereupon, as might have been held or made in the Hatter of a proposed Inclosure, and to give such Directions in relation to the Matter of such Application, or to the Execution of the Powers or Authorities thereby proposed to be revived or executed, as the Circumstances of each Case shall appear to them to require.

VI. And whereas it is provided by the said Act that any

Land taken in exchange or on partition or allotted in respect of Copyhold or Customary Land shall be deemed Copyhold or ' Customary Land, and shall be held of the Lord of the same

Manor under the same Rent and by the same Customs and

Services as the Copyhold or Customary Land in respect of 1 which \t may have been taken in exchange or on partition or ' allotted was or ought to have been held, and shall pass in like ' Manner the Copyhold or Customary Land in respect ' whereof such Exchanges, Partitions, or Allotments shall be 6 made: And whereas it is expedient to enable the Parties so taking such Lands in exchange or on partition or as Allot *

ments to hold the same of Freehold Tenure be it enacted, That, by and with the Consent of the Lord of the Manor, and of the Parties so taking such Lands in exchange or on partition or as Allotments, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to declare that the same shall be held as of Freehold Tenure, on such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed upon between the Parties, and as may be deemed just by the said Commissioners, and the same Land shall be held as Freehold accordingly.

VII. And be it enacted, That where Notice shall have been given of any Meeting whether original or by Adjournment, to be held by the Commissioners or by an Assistant Commissioner, or otherwise, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners or an Assistant Commissioner by Notice to adjourn such Meeting, without any Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner giving Attendance for the Purpose of making such Adjournment; and where Notice shall hpvc been given of a Meeting by a Valyer,

789

1847. Commons Inclosure. — New Zealand. Cap. Ill, 112 *

it shall be lawful for him by Notice to adjourn such Meeting* without giving Attendance for the Purpose of making such Adjournment.

VIII. And be it enacted, That all Notices by the said Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, or by any Act amending the same or referring thereto, or by this Act, directed or authorized to be given by the Commissioners and Assistant Commissioners respectively, may be given by the Secretary of the Commissioners, or by any Person whom the Commissioners or any Assistant Commissioner, in conformity with the Power delegated to him by the Commissioners, may appoint or authorize for that Purpose.

IX. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be taken to be a Part of the said recited Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, and be construed therewith, and with any Act amending the same or referring thereto.

X. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to promote Colonization in New Zealand, and to authorize a Loan to the New Zealand Company.

[23d July 1847.]

WHEREAS Her Majesty by Her Royal Letters Patent,

bearing Date the Twelfth Day of February in the

Fourth Year of Her Reign, did grant and ordain that certain

Persons therein named and described should be and constitute

a Body Corporate, with perpetual Succession and a Common

Seal, by the Name of c< The New Zealand Company," for the Purpose of purchasing and acquiring, settling, improving,

cultivating, letting, selling, granting, alienating, mortgaging, s charging, or otherwise dealing with and making a Profit of

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within Her Majesty's

Colony of New Zealand and its Dependencies, and of laying

out Settlements and Towns, and of working there all Mines, Pits, and Quarries, and all Minerals and Metals, and for ' the Conveyance of Emigrants to the said Colony and its

Dependencies, and of furnishing to Emigrants all Things

requisite for their immediate Settlement in the said Colony, f and for the other Purposes therein set forth: And whereas by C. certain other Royal Letters Patent, bearing Date the Fourth

Day of August in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, and by a certain Act of Parliament passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to grant certain Powers ' to the New Zealand Company, further Powers have been

granted to and are now vested in the said Company: And whereas the said Company have acquired or become entitled to

large Tracts of Land in the said Colony, and many of Her Majesty's Subjects have already emigrated to New Zealand at

the Instance of the said Company, and have expended much

Notices may be given by the Secretary of the Commissioners, or other Person appointed for that Purpose.

Recited Act deemed Part of this Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

9 & 10 Vict. c. coelxxxii.

Cap. 112.

New Zealand.

10 & 11 Vict.

9 k 10 Vict c. 103.

Suspension of certain of the Royal Inst rue. tions as to the Settlement of Waste Lands in New Munster.

The Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Munster Tested in New Zealand Company in trust for the Purposes herein contained.

of their own Capital in forming Settlements on Lands belonging

to the said Company, and by them sold or contracted to be sold

for the Purposes of such Settlements, in full Reliance on the Continuance of the said Company's Operations: And whereas

under and by virtue of another Act passed in the last Session

of Parliament, intituled An Act to make further Provision for the Government of the New Zealand Islands, and of certain ' Royal Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twenty-third Day of

December in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, and

certain Instructions under Her Majesty's Sign Manual and c Signet accompanying the same, (which Letters Patent and

Royal Instructions purport to have been issued by virtue of the Provisions of the last-recited Act,) certain Orders and ' Regulations have been issued and promulgated in reference

(amongst other things) to the Dealings with and Appropriations of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in the said Colony:

And whereas it may tend to restore the Prosperity of the

existing Settlements, and promote the Establishment of new ' Settlements in the said Colony, if the said Instructions, and ' the Orders and Regulations founded thereon, be for a Time ' suspended within the Province of New Munster in the said 1 Colony, and if further Powers be granted and further Aid ' afforded to the said Company for enabling them to promote the

Colonization of New Zealand upon the Principles on which the ' said Company was established, under such Regulations as are

for that Purpose herein-after contained:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Provisions relating to the Settlement of the Waste Lands of the Crown contained in the Thirteenth Chapter of the said Instructions under Her Majesty's Sign Manual and Signet, except such as relate to the Registration of Titles to Land, the Means of ascertaining the Demesne Lands of the Crown, the Claims of the aborigine Inhabitants to Land, and the Restrictions on the Conveyance of Lands belonging to any of the aboriginal Natives, unless to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, shall be suspended and of no Force and Effect within the Province of New Munster in the said Colony of New Zealand until the Fifth Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, and during such further Time as shall be directed by Parliament.

II. And be it enacted, That all the Demesne Lands of the Crown in the Province of New Munster in New Zealand, and all the Estate and Right of Her Majesty therein, or Power and Authority over the same, or any Part thereof, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and during the Suspension of the said Instructions^ be absolutely and entirely vested in the New Zealand Company in trust for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, and during such Period all the Rights, Powers, and Authorities of Her Majesty in reference to the same may be exercised and administered

701

1847. New Zealand. Cap. 112;

ni»tered by the said Company in snob Manner in all respects, subject to the Restrictions herein-after contained, as to the said Company shall seem best fitted to promote the efficient Colonization of New Zealand, and the Welfare of the Colonists thereof.

III. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Minimum said Company in the Exercise of any of the Rights or Powers ^ri^I^S#le hereby conferred upon or Tested in them to sell or dispose of

any of the Lands hereby vested in them as aforesaid (other than and except such Lands as may by the said Company be granted or conveyed in trust for or be dedicated to public Purposes or Uses as herein-after authorized) without Consideration, or for any less Consideration than the of Twenty Shillings for each Acre.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to Com-Company to convey any Part or Parts of the Lands hereby

vested in them to any Person or Persons, or to any Body or Purpo*e«.P Bodies Corporate, in trust, for any public Purposes or Uses, sanctioned and approved by the Governor-in-Chief of New Zealand for the Time being, or by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, without any Money Consideration for the same.

V. And be it enacted, That of the Monies arising from the Ten Shillings Sale by the said Company of the Lands hereby vested in them a ^cre ?f.the Sum of not less than Ten Shillings for each Acre of the Lands

so sold shall be carried by the said Company to a Fond, to be Lands to be designated The Emigration Fund," to be by the said Com- *PP1.icd Emi* pany applied in satisfaction and discharge of the Costs, Charges, ur"

and Expences to be incurred in the Conveyance of Emigrants to New Zealand, and incidental thereto.

VI. And be it enacted, That, except as heroin otherwise pro- As to AppHca. vided, all Monies which may come to the Hands of the said Company in respect of the said Lands so hereby vested in them uce shall be applied toward defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences which may be incurred by the said Company in and about their Establishments and the Administration of their Affairs, and the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, and the effecting of any Sales, Leases, Mortgages, Charges, or other Dispositions of the said Lands, and in and abont the Compensation (if any) to be made to the aboriginal Inhabitants of New Zealand for the Purchase or Satisfaction of their Claims,

Rights, oar Interests in the said Demesne Lands, or which may be incurred or contributed, or agreed to be incurred or contributed, in and about the making of Surveys, Maps, and Plans, and the laying out of Settlements, and in and about the making of Roods, Railroads, Bridges, Canals, Docks, Quays, Tending Places, Wharves, Piers, Lighthouses, and other like public Works, and in and about the clearing of Waste Lands, opening or working of Mines, Quarries, and Minerals, and other Outlay for the general Improvement of the said Colony or any Part thereof, and in and about the promoting, establishing, endowing, or maintaining of Places of Religious Worship, Schools, Hospitals, or other Institutions of a like Kind, and such other Purposes

Cap. 112.

New Zealand.

10 & 11 VICT.

Secretary of State may, during Suspension of Instructions, nominate a special Corn-

Salary of special Commissioner.

During Suspension of Instructions Commissioner entitled to be present at all Meeting of Directors and to have Access-to all Books, &c.

9 & 10 Vict cc. 42. and 82.

Purposes for promoting Colonization in New Zealand as shall be adopted by the Directors of the said Company, and approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and the Residue thereof shall be applied, under the Restrictions hereinafter contained, to the Payment of Interest or Dividends on the Capital Stock of the said Company, not exceeding the Proportion herein-after mentioned, and toward the Discharge and Satisfaction of any Monies then due and owing by the said Company to Her Majesty, or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

VII. And for more effectually securing the due Performance of the Trust hereby reposed in the said Company, be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, at any Time during the Suspension of the said Instructions, to nominate and appoint a special Commissioner, to be called " Her Majesty's Commissioner for the Affairs of the New Zealand Company," and at his Pleasure to remove the Commissioner so appointed, and in the Case of the Death, Removal, or Resignation of the Commissioner so appointed, to appoint another special Commissioner in his Stead; and there shall be allowed and paid to the said special Commissioner, out of any Monies belonging to and in the Hands of the said Company, or which may be advanced and lent to them under the Provisions of this Act, such yearly Salary, not exceeding Fifteen hundred Pounds, as shall be directed and allowed by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be paid quarterly by equal Instalments on the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Days of January, April, and July in every Year, with a proportionate Part for any Part of a Quarter of a Year during which he shall hold the said Office: Provided always, that no special Commissioner shall be so nominated and appointed or enabled to act in the Execution of this Act unless he shall have been previously approved and accepted by the Directors of the said Company.

VIII. And be it enacted, That during the Suspension of the said Instructions the said special Commissioner shall be entitled to be present at every Court of Directors of the said Company, and at every Committee and Meeting of Proprietors thereof, and at all Times to have full and free Access to all Documents, Books, Papers, Correspondence, Accounts, Vouchers, Writings, and Records whatsoever of or belonging to the said Company, and in the Custody or Possession of the said Company, or of any of the Officers thereof, and to take Copies or Abstracts thereof or Extracts therefrom, and from Time to Time, once or oftener in every Year, and until the final Examination and Audit of all Accounts under this Act, and under Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, severally intituled An Act to authorize a Loan from the Consolidated Fund to the New Zealand Company, and An Act to amend an Act of the present Session for authorizing a Loan from the Consolidated Fund to the New Zealand Company, shall be completed to his Satisfaction, to examine and audit the Accounts

New Zealand.

7*3

Cap. 112;

of the said Company in reference to all Receipts and Payments by them under or by virtue of this Act and the Two last-recited Acts, and also, with a view to such annual or other periodical auditing of the said Accounts, to authorize and direct an Accountant nominated 'by him, and approved and paid by the said Directors, to assist him in such Inspection and Examination of the said Accounts or any of them, and to call for and require the Production of all Vouchers relating thereto; and the Examination and auditing of the Company's said Accounts by the said special Commissioner shall be deemed to be and shall be a satisfactory and conclusive Auditing and Settlement thereof as between Her Majesty or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and the said Company.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said special Commissioner Power* erf the shall be empowered to disallow and annul any Resolution,

Order, or Proceeding (except as herein-after provided) of the ^db^of the Directors of the said Company, or of any Court or Committee Company, thereof, or of the Proprietors of the said Company, by any Writing under his Hand delivered to the Directors or Secretary, or left at the Office of the said Company, within One Week after the passing of the same; and from and after such Disallowance the Resolution, Order, or Proceeding so disallowed shall be deemed to be wholly annulled and rescinded, subject however and without Prejudice to all Acts done under the same before the Signification of such Disallowance by the special Commissioner; and if the said Company, or the Directors thereof, notwithstanding any such Disallowance, shall continue to act as if such Resolution, Order, or Proceeding were not disallowed, it shall be lawful for the said special Commissioner, with the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by any Notice under his Hand, to be published in the London Gazette, to suspend all the Powers and Privileges of the said Company, and upon the Publication of such Notice-in the London Gazette all the Powers and Privileges of the said Company shall be suspended and vacated until Parliament shall otherwise provide; and a Copy of any such Notice shall be hud before both Houses of Parliament within Three Weeks after the Publication thereof, if Parliament be then sitting, or if not, then within Three Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament

X. And be it enacted, That the Production of any Deed or Deed* and Re-Instrument under the Seal of the Company* or of any Order,

Regulation, or Writing under the Hand of their Secretary for disproved, the Time being, shall be Evidence until the contrary be proved

that the same has been executed or made with the Consent of the special Commissioner in all Cases in which his Consent is necessary to the Validity thereof under this Act, and in all other Cases that he has not disallowed and annulled the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That during the Suspension of the Custody ofth$ said Instructions the Directors and the special Commissioner of jointly shall have the Custody of the Common Seal of the said pany' Company, and it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said

New Zealand *

No Dividend to be payable with* out Consent of Commissioner.

For Exercise of Functions of special Commissioner during Illness or necessary Absence.

Authorizing absolute Grants to the Company and other Corporate Bodies for the Purposes of their Incorporation.

Power to Treasury to advance the Sum of 136,0007. in Three Payments, in addition to the Sum

Cap. 112.

10 & 11 Vict.

Company, with the Consent of the said special Coranrietiouer, but not otherwise, to affix the Common Seal of the said Company to all requisite Deeds, Documents, and Writings.

XII. And be it enacted, That during the Suspension of the said Instructions it shall not be lawful for the said Company to declare or pay any Interest or Dividend upon the Capital of the said Company, or to reserve or set apart any Fund for the Purpose of such Interest or Dividend, or by way of Bonus or otherwise, without the Consent in Writing of the said Commissioner; and during the same Period no greater Proportion than One Tenth Part of the gross Proceeds of the Sale or leasing of the Lands hereby vested in the said Company by the said Company shall be applied in or toward any Interest, Dividend, or Bonus to the Shareholders of the said Company.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in the Case of the Illness or necessary Absence of the special Commissioner all the Powers vested in him by this Act may be exercised by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or by any Person whom such Secretary of State, with the Consent of the Directors of the said Company, shall appoint to exercise the Functions of the special Commissioner during such Illness or neceaseuy Absence.

XIV. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Power of the Governor of New Zealand to make and issue Grants of

Land to any Corporate Body for the Purposes for which it is ' incorporated under the Provisions in that Behalf contained ' in the Royal Letters Patent granted by Her Majesty, and ' issued under the Great Seal on the Sixteenth Day of November in the Fourth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, for the Purpose 6 of erecting New Zealand into an independent Colony, or under the said recited Royal Letters Patent of the Twenty-third Day of December in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, and it is expedient that such Doubts be removed; be it enacted, That all Grants of Land to the New Zeakmd Company or to any other Corporate Body by the Governor for the Time being of New Zealand which have been or shall be made and issued before the Expiration of Six Calendar Months afber the pasting of this Act, and which have been or hall hereafter be accepted by the said Company or other Corporate Body, shall be deemed good and valid Grants in manner and on the Terms, if any, therein stated and declared; and further, that it shall be lawful for the Governor-in-Chief of New Zealand for the Time being at any Time or Times hereafter to grant and assure to the said Company, or to any other Body Corporate, any Lands to which the said Company or any such Body Corporate as aforesaid now is or may at any Time or Times hereafter be or become entitled.

XV. And whereas the Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Treasury were empowered to advance and have advanced or agreed to advance to the New Zealand Company One hundred thousand Pounds under the Provisions of the said Two (Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, severally intf-

tuled

New Zealand.

Cap. 112.

795

tuled An Act to authorize a Loan from the Consolidated Fund of 100,000L

to the New Zealand Company, and An Act to amend an Act of the present Session for authorizing a Loan from the Console under 9 & 10 ' dated Fund to the New Zealand Company: And whereas it is Vict. cc. 42.

expedient that further Aid should be afforded to the Company 411(182 *

for enabling them to carry out more effectually Colonization

be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times before the Fifth Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty, to advance and lend to the New Zealand Company, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty-six thousand Pounds, over and above the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds already authorized and agreed to be advanced to them as aforesaid, in the following Manner; (that is to say,) any Sum not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Pounds at any Time before the Fifth Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, any additional Sum not exceeding Seventy-two thousand Pounds between the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight and the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine, and any Sum not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Pounds between the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-nine and the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, to be by them applied, together with such Portion of the said Loan of One hundred thousand Pounds as has not yet been advanced to the said Company, in the Discharge of any Charges or Liabilities of the said Company, and for the Purposes of this Act; and that the several Sums of Money which may be so lent and advanced shall not bear Interest; and that all Claims of Interest on account of the said Sum of One hundred-thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as has been or shall be advanced and lent under the last Two recited Acts of the last Session of Parliament, shall be wholly forborne and remitted to the said Company.

XVI. And be it enacted, That the said Advances and Loans, For securing not exceeding the several Amounts herein-before specified in each Year, shall be granted and made at such Times and in such vaneeB. Proportions, and subject to such Conditions and Undertakings for securing the due Application and Apportionment thereof to the Purposes of this Act, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall think fit; and the Repayment of all Sums of Money so to be lent under the Provisions thereof, by a yearly Payment of not less than One Fourth of the dear Profits of such Company, after Payment of all Expences incurred by them in such Year, shall be secured upon the Security and Credit of the Profits of the Undertaking, and upon the Security and Credit of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in New Zealand now belonging to the said Company, or to the Possession of which the Company are now entitled

New Zealand.

Company may dispose of Lands, although mortgaged.

Monies repaid to be carried to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund.

For enabling the New Zealand Company to relinquish their Undertaking, if they think fit.

Cap. 112. New Zealand. 10 & 11 Vict.

entitled by a Deed or Deeds of Assignment and Mortgage of the same under their Common Seal, to such Persons, in such Manner, and at such Times, and under such Conditions and Regulations, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall order.

XVII. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Trust hereby created, and such Deed or Deeds of Assignment and Mortgage as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company, with the Consent of the said special Commissioner, to hold, enjoy, sell, dispose of, receive, take, and deal with the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments now belonging to or hereafter to be acquired by the said Company by virtue of this Act or otherwise, and the Issues and Profits thereof, in like Manner in all respects, both at Law and in Equity, as if such Trust had not been created, and such Deed or Deeds of Assignment and Mortgage had not been made; and that no Purchaser from, or Lessee or Tenant of a Person in any Manner dealing with, the Company for the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, or any of them, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall be affected by any Default of the Company in making Repayment of the Advances made to them according to the Provisions of this Act, notwithstanding that such Default may have been actually made, and he or die may have Notice thereof.

xviii. And be it enacted, That all Money to be secured by any such Deed or Deeds of Assignment and Mortgage as aforesaid that shall be paid by the said Company, their Successors or Assigns, to such Person as shall be appointed by the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to receive the same, shall be carried to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund, and shall go in discharge of the Monies advanced or to be advanced to the said Company; nevertheless every Receipt that Shall be given by the Persons to whom any such Assignment and Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, or their or his Assigns, for any Money to be secured by any such Assignment and Mortgage, shall exonerate the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, from all Liability with respect to the Application thereof.

XlA. And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the Contingency of the New Zealand Company finding themselves

unable to continue their Proceedings with Profit to themselves

and Benefit to the said Colony; be it enacted, That if the Directors of the said Company shall give Notice to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State within Three Calendar Months next after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty, by any Instrument under the Seal of the Company, that they are ready to surrender the Charters of the said Company'to Her Majesty, and all Claim and Title to the Lands granted or awarded to them in the said Colony, all the Powers and Privileges of the said Company, except such as shall be necessary for enabling the Directors to receive the

1847.

New Zealand.

797

Cap. 112.

several Sums of Money herein-after mentioned, and to distribute the same among the Shareholders and other Persons entitled thereunto, and for enabling the Directors to adjust and close the Affairs of the Company, shall cease and determine, and all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Company in the said Colony shall thereupon revert to and become vested in Her Majesty as Part of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Zealand, subject nevertheless to any Contracts which shall be then subsisting in regard to any of the said Lands, and upon the Condition of satisfying any Liabilities to which the said Company may then be liable under their existing Engagements with reference to the Settlement at Nelson, or any Liabilities of the said Company which during the Suspension of the said Instructions shall have been contracted by them with the Consent of the said special Commissioner, and all Claims of the said Company to any further Grant of Land shall cease, and the said special Commissioner shall not be empowered to annul any Resolution of the Directors or Proprietors for giving such Notice as aforesaid, and shall be bound to consent to affix the Seal of the Company to such Instrument as shall be prepared by Order of the said Directors for that Purpose.

XX. And be it enacted, That upon the Reversion as aforesaid to Her Majesty of the Lands belonging to the said Company all Claim on behalf of Her Majesty, or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, upon the said Company, in respect of either the said Loan of One hundred thousand Pounds, or the Loan authorized by this Act, or of so much as shall then remain due and unpaid, shall be remitted to the said Company; and there shall be charged upon and paid to the New Zealand Company out of the Proceeds of all future Sales of the Demesne Lands of the Crown in New Tkaland, after deducting the Outlay for Surveys, and the Proportion of such Proceeds which is appropriated to the Purposes of Emigration, the Sum of Two hundred and sixty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings, being after the Rate of Five Shillings for each Acre of the One million and seventy-three thousand four hundred and eighty-three Acres to the Possession of which the Company are now entitled, including therein Twenty-four thousand four hundred and ninety-one Acres and Half an Acre purchased by the said Company within their own Settlements, and now held as their private Estate, with Interest after the yearly Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings in the Hundred Pounds upon the said Sum, or so much thereof as shall from Time to Time remain due and unpaid, to be computed from the Day of the Delivery of such Notice as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the Receipt by Two of the Directors of the said Company authorized to give such Receipt by any Resolution under the Seal of the said Company shall De a sufficient Acknowledgment of the Payment or Advance of any Monies authorized by this Act to be paid or advanced to the said Company, and that neither the special Commissioner

Upon Reversion of Lands belonging to Company all Claim to Loans to be remitted.

A certain Sum to be paid to the Company out of the Proceeds of future Sales, with Interest.

Who may gire Discharges.

Nod Zealand.

Nothing to invalidate Colonial Ordinances duly made.

Nothing to affect existing Contracts for Sale.

Act may be amended, &c.

9 & 10 Vict. c. 101.

10 & 11 Vict c.ll.

Cap. 112, 113.

10 & 11 VICT.

nor the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall be bound to sea to the due Application of the said Monies otherwise than is herein provided.

XXII. And be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall invalidate or in any Manner alter or affect any Ordinance or Ordinances which shall have been duly mode in New Zealand before the Promulgation of this Act in the said Colony for regulating the Sale of Lands belonging to the aboriginal Inhabitants of New Zealand.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any way prevent, impede, interfere with, alter, or affect any Sales or Contracts for Sale of Lands made and entered into before the Fifth Day of July in this Year by the said Company, whether before or since their said Incorporation, or by the New Zealand Land Company, or by any Person or Persons as Trustees or Trustee for the New Zealand Company, before their Incorporation as aforesaid, or for the said New Zealand Land Company, or made and entered into by a certain Company called "The Plymouth Company of New Zealand^ or by any Trustees or Trustee for such last-mentioned Company; but the said New Zealand Company, so incorporated as aforesaid, shall have full Liberty and Power to carry the stud several Contracts and Agreements into effect, under and subject to the Provision contained in the said Act of the last Session of Parliament for granting certain Powers to the New Zealand Company, without any Bight or Power of Interference therein by the special Commissioner, and without any Necessity for his Consent thereto.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That tins Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to facilitate the Drainage of Lands in Scotland.

[23d July 1847.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Inst Session of ' Parliament, intituled An Act to authorize the Advance

of public Money to a limited Amount, to promote the Improve-

meat of Land in Great Britain and Ireland by Works of Drain ' age: And whereas another Act was passed in the present ' Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to explain and amend ' the Act authorizing the Advance of Money for the Improvement ' of Land by Drainage in Great Britain: And whereas it is

expedient fo render the Provisions of the said recited Acts

more operative and effectual, and to facilitate and promote the (Drainage of Lands in Scotland by making Provision for the

Improvement of Outfalls:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

1

>84T.

799

Drainage of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 113.

the same. That where any Land shall be capable of being Persons de-drained or improved by Drainage, by means of Works to be «r»^of drain-executed on the same and other Lands for obtaining or improv- ^ppiy to the*7 ing the Outfall or otherwise, it shall be lawful for any Persons Sheriff for Au-intereeted in the Lands so capable of being drained or improved, effect

and who shall be desirous for that Purpose to execute all or any 8ame* of the Works herein-after mentioned, and shall be unable to execute such Works by reason of the Objection, Absence, or Disability of any Person whose Land, Property, or Rights would be entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected by or for the Purpose of such Works, to make Application to the Sheriff of the County within which the Lands, Property, or Rights so to be entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected are situated, or, in the event of such Lands, Pro-paly, or Rights being situated in more Counties than One, to the Sheriff of that County in which the Portion of such Lands,

Property, or Rights most contiguous to the Lands to be drained

and improved shall be situated, showing the Means by which such Drainage or Improvement may be effected, and praying

for Authority to effect the same, under the Provisions of this Act; and to such Application shall be annexed a Map or Plan, Map or Plan

showing the Land to which such Application shall relate, and ^annexed

the Land and Property required to be entered upon, cut . pp

+through, or interfered with for the Purposes of such Drainage or Improvement, or likely to be affected by the proposed Works, and also the Rivers, Watercourses, Ditches, and Drains intended to be cleared, scoured, deepened, or embanked, and the proposed Variations, Divisions, Abridgments, or Enlargements of the same, and the new Cuts, Embankments, Drains, Watercourses, and other Works proposed to be made, and the Dams, Sluices,

Weirs, or Floodgates to be lowered, altered, or removed, and the Engines and Machinery proposed to be erected for the Purposes of such Drainage or Improvement, and also Schedules showing the reputed Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands proposed to be drained and improved, and the Lands and Property required to be entered upon, cut through, or interfered with respectively for the Purposes of such Drainage or Improvement, and also an Estimate of the Expence of the proposed al*> an E«ti-Works, Engines, and Machinery, including the probable Amount °deaEx- of Money payable as Purchase and Compensation Money in statement of respect of the Land and Property or Rights required to be the actual Con-entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected, and also ^l°d" of 1416 a Statement of the actual Condition of the Lands proposed to n s* be drained or improved, and of the probable increased Value of the Land consequent upon the Execution of the proposed Works; or, in case it shall appear to the Sheriff that a correct Judgment can be formed on the proposed Means of Drainage or Improvement without a Map or Plan and Estimates, including the whole of the Laud to which such Application shall relate, then a Map or Plan showing only the proposed Works, or such other Map or Plan as the Sheriff shall think necessary; and the Persons by whom such Application shall be made shall,

Copies of Application, Map, &c. to be deposited, and to be open to Inspection.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19., with respect to Service of Notices on Owners, &c., incorporated with this Act

Objections to be sent to the Sheriff in Writing.

The Sheriff before he proceeds to act may require Security for Payment of Expences.

Where Objections to any thing proposed to be done have been sent to the Sheriff, he shall appoint a qualified Person to inspect the Lands, 4c.

Cap. 113. Drainage of Lands (Scotland).. 10 & 11 Vict.

upon the Request of the Sheriff, furnish such further Details in respect of the said Map or Plan, Schedules, Estimates, and Statements, or any of them, as the Sheriff shall think fit for hn Guidance in the Matter of the Application; and the Persons by whom such Application shall be made shall cause Copies of the said Application, Map or Plan, Schedules* Estimates, and Statements, or of such of them as shall have been furnished to the Sheriff under the Provisions herein-before contained, to be deposited in such convenient Place or Places as the Sheriff shall approve, within or adjoining to the Parish or One of the Parishes in which the Land to which such Application shall relate shall be situate, there to remain open for public Inspection for a Period of Two Months; ftnd the Deposit of such Copies shall be certified to the Sheriff in such Manner as he shall require; and all Persons shall be at liberty to inspect and make Copies of or Extracts from the said Application, Map or Plan, Schedules, ^Estimates, and Statement, or any of them, and Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom shall be made by such Person as the Sheriff shall direct for any Person who shall require the same, on Payment of the Expences of making such Copies o^ Extracts.

II. And be it enacted, That the Clauses of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, with respect to the Service of Notices on Owners and Occupiers of Land, shall be incorporated with this Adt, and that Notice, as therein provided for, shall be given of such Application having been presented, and of the Parishes in which Works are by such Application proposed to be executed, and of the Places in which Copies of the said Application, Map or Plan, Schedules, Estimates, and Statements have been deposited as aforesaid; and by such Notice all Parties interested, or in any way affected by the proposed Works, shall be required, on or before a Day to be therein named, not sooner than Six Weeks and not later than Eight Weeks from such Publication and Service as aforesaid of such Notice, to transmit in Writing to the Sheriff all Objections which such Parties shall think fit to make with respect to any thing by the said Application proposed to be done under the Provisions of this Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the Sheriff may in every Case, before he shall proceed to act or inquire on or in relation to any such Application as aforesaid, require such Provision or Security to be made or given as he shall think fit for the Payment, by the Parties making the Application, of all Expences incident to or to be occasioned by the Inquiries and Proceedings in relation thereto.

IV. And be it enacted, That in every Case in which there shall have been transmitted to the Sheriff Objections to any thing by the said Application proposed to be done, the Sheriff shall appoint a properly qualified Person to inspect the Lands proposed to be drained or improved, and the Lands, Property, or Rights intended to be entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected by the Works in such Application mentioned,

and

1847. Drainage of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 113. 601

and to report to him the comparative Amount of Benefit to be derived ami Damage to be done thereby, and whether in his Opinion the Lands proposed to be drained might be drained in any other Way than by the Works in such Application mentioned, and the comparative Advantages and Disadvantages of such several Ways of Drainage; and the Sheriff shall, if he shall think necessary, require the Parties interested in such Lands, Property, and Bights, or likely to be affected by any of the Works proposed to be executed for such Drainage or Improvement, to attend him, or the Person so to be appointed by him, at such Time as he shall fix subsequent to the Expiration of such Period of Six Weeks, and at such convenient Place or Places within the Parish or one of the Parishes wherein such Land so to be drained or improved shall be situate, or in the Vicinity thereof, as the said Sheriff shall specify in a Notice to be given Twenty-one Days at the least before the Time of such Meeting, by Advertisement in One or more Newspapers circulated in the County in which such Works are proposed to be executed; and at the Time and Place named in such Notice as aforesaid the Sheriff, or the Person so appointed by him as aforesaid, shall attend, and shall have Power to adjourn any Meeting from Time to Time, or hold any new Meeting as he may find necessary, and shall inquire into the Correctness of the Schedules containing the Names of such reputed Proprietors, Lessees, and Occupiers as aforesaid, and shall inquire whether the Notices by the Act required shall have been duly given and served, and shall hear and inquire into all such Objections as shall have been or shall be then and there made by any Person or Persons interested in any Land likely to be affected by any thing by such Application proposed to be done; and the said Sheriff, or Person appointed by him as aforesaid, shall receive and hear all such Evidence as may be offered to him in relation to the several Matters aforesaid,

V. And be it enacted, That if after such Inquiry shall have If. after In* been concluded the Sheriff shall be of opinion that the Benefit to be derived from such Drainage or Improvement outweighs the Damage to be done thereby, and the proposed Method of rived from Drainage is in the whole Circumstances the best, and that such Dndnagc ouu Drainage or Improvement may be effected without material Damage, he Detriment to the Lands, Property, or Rights proposed to be may authorize entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected, and that Execution the Damage to the Lands, Property, or Bights so proposed to ° the or be entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected may be adequately and effectually compensated under the Provisions of this Act, he may allow such Works, according to the Proposal in such Application contained, or with such Alterations therein as he may think fit; and it shall be lawful for him to authorize the Persons by whom such Application shall have been made, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons to be named or described by him in an Order to be issued by him, to execute the proposed Works, as the same shall have

Sheriff may award Costs in certain Cases.

I f no Objections lodged, Sheriff may authorise Works to be executed under Superintendence.

Persons authorised to execute Works may enter upon Ijinds specified in Sheriff's Order, not being a Park, Ac.

Nothing to supersede the present Law as to cleansing Streams, &c.

Cap. 113. Drainage of hands (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

been allowed as aforesaid, within a Time to be limited in such Order; and such Order shall specify or describe directly, or by Reference to a Plan thereunto annexed, the Works thereby authorized to be executed; and the Person or Persons authorized in this Behalf by such Order, or the Person or Persons who shall be authorized by any supplementary Order of the Sheriff, shall have full Power to execute the Works in such Order specified and authorized, according to the Terms and Intent of such Order, and to maintain such Works for ever thereafter, subject nevertheless to the Provisions herein-after contained, and making Compensation, to be ascertained in manner herein-after mentioned, to all Persons, for any Damage occasioned to them by the Exercise of the Powers granted by such Order, or any of them: Provided always, that no such Order shall be mode for allowing any Works to be executed in any Park, Policy, Garden, Pleasure Garden, or planted Waft, or the Avenue to any Mansion House, without the Consent in Writing of the Proprietor and Occupier thereof, and that every such Order of the Sheriff shall be subject to Review by the Court of Session according to the ordinary Forms of Law.

VI. And be it enacted, That in the Case of Objections lodged before the Sheriff the Expences attending the Proceedings which may take place in consequence of such Objections shall be borne by the Persons by whom the Application is made, unless the Sheriff shall decide that any Objection is frivolous and vexatious, in which Case it shall be in the Power of the Sheriff to award such Part of the Expences as he shall think just to be paid by the Object or.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if no Objections shall be lodged as aforesaid the Sheriff shall, if he shall think fit, authorize the Works so applied for, or so much thereof as he shall think fit, to be executed according to the Plan or Description lodged with such Application, or with and under such Modifications and Alterations as shall appear to him to be proper, under the Inspection and Superintendence of a competent Person, to be appointed by him, and subject to the Restrictions and Exceptions herein-before contained.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person authorized by the Sheriff as aforesaid to enter in and upon any Land specified in the Order of the Sheriff, not being a Park, Policy, Garden, Pleasure Ground, or planted Walk, or the Avenue to any Mansion Honse, and in Terms of such Order, but not otherwise, to widen, straighten, deepen, divert, scour, or cleanse any River, Stream, Ditch, Drain, Brook, Pool, or Watercourse, and to make, open, and cut any new Watercourse, Side-cut, Ditch or Drain, and to make or erect any Bank, Dam, Weir, Sluice, Flood Gate, Ditch, Drain, Tunnel, or other Works necessary or convenient for Drainage: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall interfere with or be held to supersede the present Law authorizing and regulating the cleaning, scouring, and maintaining of Streams and Watercourse *

1847. Drainage of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 113. 803

throughout their whole Length by the different Proprietors thereon, according to their respective Eights and Interests therein, and for recovering the Expences thereby incurred.

IX. And be it enacted, That where the Drainage Outfall of Obstructions <m any Lands is prevented or obstructed by the damming up of any may^reroved Kiver or Stream by any Weir, Dam, Sluice, or other Obstruc- by Order of tion, it shall be lawful for any Person authorized by the Sheriff Sheriff:

as aforesaid, and in Terms of his Order, but not otherwise, to enter in and upon the Lands where such Weir, Dam, Sluice, or other Obstruction is situated, except as herein-before excepted, and to remove, alter, lower, or otherwise interfere with the same, or with the Watercourses connected therewith, as shall be necessary or convenient for the Purposes of the Outfall:

Provided always, that where such Weir, Dam, Sluice, or other Obstruction is for the Use of any Factory or Bleach work, or of any Mill, it shall not be lawful to diminish the actual working Water Power of such Factory or Bleachwork, or of such Mill, without the Consent of the Proprietor or Occupier thereof, until a Steam Engine, or other Engine or Machinenr of equal Power, shall have been erected for the Use of such Factory,

Bleachwork, or Mill, and full Compensation paid to the Proprietor and Occupier thereof for the Difference in the Expence of using and maintaining such Steam Power, or other Power or Machinery, as compared with the Expence of the Water Power theretofore enjoyed by them respectively.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein ^or the Protec-contained shall authorize the Removal of any Obstruction in

any Kiver or Stream so as to occasion Injury to any Salmon and Houses. Fishery, and that in all Cases where it shall be necessary to remove any Obstruction required for the Supply of Water to any Mill, the Proprietor of such Mill shall be entitled to require of the Person making the Application as aforesaid to purchase such Mill, and make full Compensation therefor in the Manner directed by this and the said Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, or such Proprietor may determine that the diminished Supply of Water rower shall be compensated as herein-before provided; and in such Case he shall be entitled to decide whether such Compensation shall be effected by Steam Power or by other Machinery or Power; and no Steam Engine shall be erected in or upon the Bank of any Kiver or Stream in any Situation in which the same shall be a Nuisance or shall injure the Amenity of any Dwelling House, without the Consent in Writing of the Proprietor of such River or Stream and of the Owner and Occupier of such Dwelling House first had and obtained thereto.

XI. And be it enacted, That no Order of the Sheriff under Ornamental

this Act shall authorize any Work whereby any Spring, Brook, to

or Stream supplying any Mansion, House, or Offices with Water,

or contributing to the Amenity or Ornament of any Mansion,

House, Park, Policy, Garden, or Pleasure Ground, shall be diverted or affected, without the Consent in Writing of the several Proprietors thereof

804

No Entry to lie made on Lands until Compensation is agreed upon.

So much of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. as to Compensation, flee., incorporated with this Act.

Power to Sheriff, on Application, to give Authority to enter upon Lands for the Purpose of upholding Works.

Copies of Orders of Sheriff authorising Works to be executed to be made and deposited, and be open to Inspection.

Cap. 113. Drainage of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

XII. And be it enacted, That no Entry shall be made on any Land for the Purpose of executing any of the Works authorized as aforesaid, except with the Consent in Writing of the Proprietors thereof, until the Amount of Compensation for the Damage to be occasioned by such Entry, and by the Execution and Maintenance of the Works authorized as aforesaid, shall have been agreed upon or ascertained as the Case may be, and paid, under the Provisions herein-after contained.

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Compensation to be paid for the Damage or Injury to any Lands, Property, or Rights which may be entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected under any such Order of the Sheriff as aforesaid, may be agreed upon with tho Persons and in the Manner provided by "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," with respect to the Purchase of Land otherwise than by Agreement; and all the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," in so far as the same are not inconsistent with this Act, shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall apply thereto, and to the Works and Purchases to be authorized by the Sheriff, in such and the same Manner as if the WorkB and Purchases which shall be authorized by the Sheriff had been set forth and authorized to be executed and made by this Act; and the Persons making the Application to the Sheriff shall be deemed the Promoters of the Undertaking; Provided always, that in estimating the Amount of any Compensation to be paid as aforesaid it shall be lawful to take into account the Benefit which, in consequence of the Operations authorized to be executed, may accrue to the Party claiming Compensation, or to the Lands, Property, or Rights proposed to be interfered with or affected.

XIV. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of maintaining, repairing, and upholding in an efficient State any Works authorized to be executed under the Authority of this Act it shall be lawful for the Sheriff, on the Application of any Person interested, to give Authority to enter from Time to Time upon the Lands where such Works have been executed, and to perform such Operations as may be necessary for maintaining, repairing, and upholding as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff to allocate the Expence of such Operations among the Persons deriving Benefit therefrom in such Proportions as to him shall seem just.

XV. And be it enacted, That Two Copies of every Order of the Sheriff by which he shall authorize the Execution of Works under the Provisions of this Act shall be made, and one such Copy shall be deposited with the Sheriff Clerk of the County in which that Part of the Lands, Property, or Rights authorized to be entered upon, cut through, interfered with, or affected most contiguous to the Landdv proposed to be drained and improved shall be situated, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the same among the Records of the said County, so that recourse may be had thereto by any Person interested in the Premises, and the other Copy shall be deposited with the Parish

805

Drainage of Lands (Scotland). Cap. 113.

Schoolmaster for the Time being of the Parish in which the said Land, Property, or Rights shall be situated, to be kept by him and his Successors in Office with the public Books, Writings, and Papers of the Parish, or shall be deposited with such other fit Persons as the Sheriff shall approve; and all Persons interested therein may have Access to and be furnished with Copies of or Extracts from any such Copy, on giving reasonable Notice to the Person having Custody of the same, and on Payment of Two Shillings and Sixpence for such Inspection, and after the Rate of Three-pence for every Seventy-two Words contained in such Copy or Extract; and all such Copies of and Extracts from any such Copy of any such Order as aforesaid as shall be furnished by the Sheriff Clerk shall be signed by the Sheriff Clerk, purporting the same to be a true Copy or Extract; and every such Copy and Extract, so signed, shall be received in Evidence without further Proof thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person acting or pretending to act under this Act to make or construct, alter or extend, on the Shore of the Sea, or of any Creek, Bay, or Arm of the Sea, or any navigable River communicating therewith, where and so far up the same as the Tide flows, any Work which might not have been lawfully made or constructed in case this Act had not been passed, without the previous Consent of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom aforesaid, for the Time being, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and then only according to such Plan and under such Restrictions and Regulations as the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, may approve of, such Approval being signified as last aforesaid; and if any such Work shall be commenced or completed contrary to the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, at his or their Discretion, to abate and to remove the same, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost of the Person or of any One or more of the Persons by whom the same shall have been so commenced or completed; and nothing herein contained shall authorize or enable any Person acting or pretending to act under this Act to make or construct any Work affecting any navigable River or Canal, or any River within the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, without the Consent of the Trustees or Proprietors of such River or Canal, and of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods and Forests, or to use or occupy Land between High or Low Water Mark, without the Consent of Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods and Forests.

XVII. And be it enacted, That in the Construction of this Act (except where the Nature of the Provision or the Context of the Act is repugnant to such Construction) " the Sheriff" shall mean the Sheriff or his Substitute; and the Word " Plan "

Navigable Rivers and Canals not to be altered, See. without Consent of the Admiralty.

Definition of Terms in this Act.

806 Cap. 113, 114. Drainage of Lands (Scotland). 10 & 11 Vict.

shall extend to Drawings and Sections; and the Word River " shall extend to all Rivers, Rivulets, Lakes, Canals, Streams, and Estuaries; and the Word " Person " and the Word Proprietor " shall extend to the Queen's Majesty, and to all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate; and every Word importing the Singular Number only shall extend and be applied to several Persons or Things as well as one Person or Thing; and every Word importing the Plural Number shall extend and be applied to one Person or Thing as well as several Persons or Things; and every Word importing the Masculine Gender only shall extend and be applied to a Female as well as a Male.

Act may be

XVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended amended, &c. or ^pealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for improving the Harbour and Docks of Leith.

[23d July 1847.]

1 & 2 Vict c. 55.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate and secure the Debt due by the City of Edinburgh to the Public; to confirm an Agreement between the said City and its Creditors; and to effect a Settlement of the Affairs of the said City and the Town of Leith, it was provided, that the Commissioners acting under the Authority of that Act, afterwards incorporated by the Style of "The Commissioners of the Harbour and Docks of Leith? should pay annually, out of the Revenues of the said Harbour, in preference to all other Payments, the Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, to be applied in the Manner therein mentioned; and it was also provided, that the annual Sums for defraying the Expence of the Maintenance and Repairs of the said Harbour and Docks, the Expence of dredging the said Harbour, and every other Item of Expence known or which could be anticipated as in anywise necessary to be incurred or paid by the said Commissioners in relation to the said Harbour and Docks, should not 4, exceed such Sums as should be considered and approved of by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, except in the event of any unforeseen Damage arising to the Works of the said Harbour or Docks through Storm or Accident, for the Repair of which special Provision was therein made: And whereas the said Commissioners were thereby authorized, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of the Treasury, to borrow, upon the Security of the said Harbour and Docks, and Revenue thereof, and Property therewith connected, any Sum or Sums of Money necessary to be expended on the Improvement, Alteration, or Enlargement of the said Harbour or Docks, or for the Accommodation of the Shipping resorting to the same, not exceeding in all the Sum of One hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds, and to grant Securitios therefor over the whole Rates, Duties, and Revenues of

Leith Harbour and Docks.

Cap. 114.

the said Harbour and Docks and other Property therewith

connected, which, being sanctioned by the Commissioners of the Treasury as aforesaid, should be preferable and have

Priority over all other Debts and Securities affecting the said Harbour and Docks, Revenue and Property, excepting the said annual Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, and the said annual Sums for Repairs and Expences of Management to be sanctioned and allowed as aforesaid; and

it was thereby further provided, that after the Payment of the said Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds,

and the Amount of the Expences of the Establishment to be allowed by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury as aforesaid, and the Interest of any Sum which might be borrowed with the Approbation of the said last-mentioned Commissioners as aforesaid, the whole surplus Revenue arising from the said Harbour and Docks should annually, within Twenty-one Days after the Term of Whitsunday in each Year, be by the said Harbour and Dock Commissioners paid to the Remembrancer of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to be remitted to Her Majesty's Treasuiw; and if the Sum so remitted should exceed in Amount the Sum necessary to pay the Interest of the said Debt due to Her Majesty, so far as not postponed, the Excess should go and be imputed pro tanto in extinction of the Principal of the said Debt: And whereas the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury were thereby also empowered to forego, for such Time as they should think fit, the Exaction, in whole or in part, of the Interest to

become due upon the Amount of the Debt which should remain owing after Deduction of the Charges or Burdens thereby rendered preferable to the said Debt due to Her Majesty: And whereas since the passing of the said Act the Revenue arising from the said Harbour and Docks has been

more than sufficient to defray the said annual Charge of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, and the Amount of the Expences of the Establishment annually allowed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but no Part of such surplus Revenue has been paid to the Remembrancer of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as provided

by the said Act, but the same has been allowed to accumulate

in the Hands of the Commissioners of the said Harbour and Docks, with the Exception of a Sum of Sixteen thousand and seventy-seven Pounds, which, under the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty 's Treasury, has been applied to the Completion of the Eastern Pier, which was in an imperfect and dangerous Condition, upon the Understanding that the Sum so expended should be deemed Part of the Sum of One hundred and twenty-five thousand Pounds which the Commissioners of the said Harbour and Docks were empowered by the said Act to borrow, and should be replaced out of the first Instalment of the Loan: And whereas a Plan has ' been prepared, and approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for the Improvement of the said Har-

hour

Debt of the Commissioners of Leith Harbour taken at 228, 374/. Os.8d

Expenditure of 16, 077L on the East Pier ratified.

Treasury may allow Commissioners of Harbour and Docks to apply surplus

Cap. 114. Leith Harbour and Docks. 10 & 11 Vict.

hour and Docks, at an estimated Cost of One hundred and thirty-five thousand Pounds; and it is expedient, for the (better Security of the Debt due to Her Majesty from the said (Commissioners, that the said Commissioners for the Har-

hour and Docks of Leith should bo empowered, with the (Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, ' to appropriate the surplus Revenue which may remain after Payment of the said annual Sum of Seven thousand six ' hundred and eighty Pounds, and the Amount of the Expences

of the Establishment, to be allowed as aforesaid, toward the ' Expence of executing such Improvements in the said Harbour

and Docks as have been or shall be sanctioned by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and that during the

Execution of the said Works and Improvements; and that,

until Repayment of any Monies which may be borrowed for ' the Purpose, and under the Power herein-before recited, no ' Claim be made on the Part of Her Majesty for the Principal

Sum or Interest accruing due upon the Debt now due to Her Majesty, and preferably secured on the Revenues and Property of the said Harbour and Docks; and that the Amount

at which the said Debt is to be henceforth taken be declared

in this Act Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Debt to Her Majesty from the Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith at the Term of Whitsunday in the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, including all Arrears of Interest due to that Term, shall be taken at the Sum of Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight-pence, which wan declared by the said Act to be the Amount of the Debt due to Her Majesty by the said Commissioners at the Time of the passing of the said Act.

II. And be it enacted, That the Expenditure of the said Sum of Sixteen thousand and seventy-seven Pounds upon the Improvement of the East Pier of the said Harbour, out of the surplus Profits of the said Harbour and Docks, heretofore mode as aforesaid, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be ratified and declared lawful; and the Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith shall not be required to give any further Account of the same, or to replace the Monies so expended out of any Monies which shall be hereafter borrowed, under the Power for that Purpose contained in the said Act, for or toward the Expence of the said Improvements, and that all Persons shall be indemnified and held harmless against all Proceedings, at the Suit of Her Majesty or otherwise, for or on account of such Expenditure.

III. And be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall be empowered to allow the Commissioners of the Harbour and Docks at Leith to appropriate the whole Monica now in the Hands of the last-mentioned Commissioners,

» or

809

1847. Leith Harbottr and Docks. Cap. 114, 115.

or which may hereafter accrue to them, from the surplus Revenue of the said Harbour and Docks, or such Part thereof as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time shall think fit to allow for that Purpose (after Payment of the said annual Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, and the Expence of the Establishment, and any extraordinary Expence which may be necessary in the event of any unforeseen Damage arising to the Works of the said Harbour or Docks through Storm or Accident), toward the Expence of carrying into execution the said Plan, with such Alterations, Additions, or Omissions as shall be from Time to Time sanctioned by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

IV. And be it enacted, That when any Money shall have been borrowed by the said Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith, on Bond, as aforesaid, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, the Clauses of the Companies Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, with respect to the borrowing of Money by the Company on Mortgage or Bond, so far as applicable to such Bonds, shall be incorporated with this Act, and the said Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith shall be deemed the Company referred to by the last-mentioned Act, and the said Clauses shall be otherwise interpreted as in and by the last-mentioned Act is provided.

V. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or repealed by any Act to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to vary the Priorities of the Charges made on " The London Bridge Approaches Fund."

[23d July 1847.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Second and Third Years of the Reign (of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings to raise a Stan of Money for making additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis, after reciting 4 (amongst other things) that it had been proposed to open a 4 convenient Thoroughfare from the End of Coventry Street to

the Junction of Newport Street and Long Acre, and to continue the Line of Street from Waterloo Bridge, already completed, to Bow Street, from thence Northward into Broad Street, Hctbom, to extend Oxford Street in a direct Line through Saint Giles's, so as to communicate with Holbont at

or near Southampton Street, and to open a spacious Thorough-

fare between the populous Neighbourhood of Whitechapel and Spitalfields and the Docks and Wharfs of the River Thames, 4 by widening the Northern and Southern Extremities of Leman Street, and by creating a new Street from the Northern Side

of

Profits to improving the same.

Certain Clauses of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 17. as to borrowing Money incorporated with this Act.

Act may be amended, &c.

2 & 3 Vict c. 80.

Cap. 115. London Bridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

of Whitechapel to the Front of Spitalfields Church, it was enacted, that the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Build-

ings should be appointed Commissioners for executing and

completing the several Alterations and Improvements therein-

before mentioned, and for., carrying the Purposes of the Act

now in recital into execution; and that for providing a Fond for the Purposes of the Act now in recital it should be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, with the Con-

sent of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom, or any Three or more of them, to charge the Funds ' therein-after mentioned, and made subject as therein-after mentioned, with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money ' not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, together with Interest on the Sum or Sums to be charged from the Time of charging the same, not exceeding (Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be payable half-

yearly; and that the Fund called "The Orphans Fund," and the Fund called The London Bridge Approaches Fund," and

all and singular the Funds, Duties, Impositions, and Revenues

created, constituted, imposed, or continued by the therein recited Acts of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, and the First and Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, should be the Fund to be charged by ' Her Majesty's said Commissioners, and should be applicable, ' after the Sums already borrowed thereon should have been paid

off, to the Payment of all such Monies as might be so charged thereon by the Commissioners for executing the Act now in recital, and the Interest thereof, until the Sum or Sums, and ' Interest to be charged thereon, as last aforesaid, should be paid ' off; and that the Funds so to be charged as aforesaid should ' (subject as aforesaid) be paid and applied in satisfaction and discharge of all Monies to be charged thereon by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, in such Manner and from Time to Time as the same (should be received, and as the said Commissioners for executing the Act now in recital should direct; and that for the Purposes of the Act now in recital it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, 4 Works, and Buildings, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasure, for the Time being, to borrow and raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Monies and Interest so charged, and thereupon to assign and dispose of the Principal Monies and Interest which the said Commissioners were thereby authorized to charge as aforesaid in such Shares,

and by way of Debenture or otherwise, and with such Priorities

.4 and

1847* London Bridge Approaches. Cap. 115.

and in such Manner as the said Commissioners should think fit,

as a Security for the Monies so to be borrowed; and that such ' Parts of the Fund therein-before made applicable to the Purposes of the Act now in recital, and which were thereby authorized to be charged, as were not permanent, after all the Prin-

cipal Sums raised and borrowed, and all the Annuities charged ' upon the said Fund, and then due, had been paid off, should be continued in all respects as was directed by the said Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Fang

George the Fourth until the Sums charged and to be charged thereon by virtue of the Act now in recital should be- paid off; and in the Act now in recital was contained a Proviso that the Rates or Duties which by the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth were continued for a Term which would expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, unless the Sums of Money charged thereon should be sooner paid off and discharged, should not be continued beyond the said Fifth Day 4 of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to make additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis, it was enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being to make the several new Streets,

Improvements, and Alterations therein-before mentioned, and to carry the Purposes of the Act now in recital into execution, 4 in manner thereinafter mentioned; and that the said Funds by the said Act lastly herein-before recited authorized to be charged as aforesaid should be the several Duties on Coals imported into the Port of London, and brought by inland Conveyance, the Duty on Wine, the several annual Sums charged on the Revenues of the City of London, amounting

to the annual Sum of Eleven thousand five hundred Pounds, the Fees payable on the Admission of Freemen, and on the binding of Apprentices, and for Aqueducts; and that all and every the Monies by the said lastly herein-before recited Act authorized to be charged and borrowed should, subject to the Application thereof so directed to be made by the said lastmentioned Act, be applied by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to the carrying into effect the Purposes of the Act now in recital; and that for the Purposes of the Act now in recital, and the said Act passed in the Second and Third Year of Her Majesty's Reign, the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, for the Time being should be constituted a Corporation, by the

Name and Style of The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings and that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's

811

S& 4 Vict c. 87.

Cap. 115, London Bridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Bn3dings, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, 4 (in addition to the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds by the said recited Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty authorized to be raised as aforesaid,) to charge and raise, for the Purposes of the said Act now in recital, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Monies and Interest in the said Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty mentioned, and therein-before specified as the Funds by the said lastly herein-before recited Act authorized to be charged; and that all such Parts of the Funds by the said last-mentioned Act authorized to be charged with the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds as were not permanent, and which by the same Act were (Erected to be continued until the Sums charged and to be charged thereon by virtue of the same Act should be paid off, should be continued in all respects as directed by the said last-mentioned Act until the further Sum to be charged thereon by virtue of the Act now in recital should be paid off: And whereas by another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue for Four Years, from the Fifth Dag of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, the Duties now levied on Coal and Wines imported into the Port of London, after reciting, among other things, that for providing a Fund for providing additional Thoroughfares and Improvements in the Metropolis, to be executed under the Direction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and more particularly an intended Thoroughfare from Coventry Street to Long Acre, and another intended Thoroughfare from Southwark to Westminster Bridge, and for

completing certain Thoroughfares in the City of Westminster and Cterkenwell, in such Manner as should be provided by any Act to be passed in the then present or any future Session of Parliament, it was expedient that the several Duties thereinafter mentioned should be continued for a further Term of Four Years, it was enacted, that all and every the Rates, 4 Impositions, and Duties on Coal imported into the Port of London or the River Thames within the Liberty of the said City, which by the Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth were continued for a Term which would expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, should be continued for a further Term of Four Years from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and it was enacted that the Duty of Four Shillings per Tun upon Wines should also be continued for a further Term of Four Years from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fiftyeight: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable

Her

1847. London Bridge Approaches. Cap. 115.

Her Mcgestfs Commissioners of Woods to make a new Street (from Coventry Street, Piccadilly, to Long Acre, and for other Improvements in the Metropolis, after reciting, among other

things, that an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a 4 new Street from Holborn Bridge in the City of London towards Clerkenwell Green, under which Act the Mayor, Commonalty, ' and Citizens of the City of London had purchased certain Lands, and had pulled down the Buildings thereon, and cleared the Site for the said intended Street to or nearly to the South-western Boundary of the County of Middlesex, and

that an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for opening 4 a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex, in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London, under which last-mentioned Act certain Persons were appointed Commissioners for making a Street from the Termination of the Street authorized to be made by the said recited Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty to Clerkenwell Green; and reciting that essential Benefit would be afforded to the Public by the Completion of a Line of Communication between Southwark and Westminster Bridge, then partly existing through Stamford Street, 4 Blackfriars, which in communication with the York Road would make a continuous Line of broad and open Street from Westminster Bridge to London Bridge, and provide a ready Means of Communication between the Terminus of the Brighton and Kent Railroads, situate at London Bridge, and the whole of the W est End of the Metropolis; and reciting that essential Benefit would also be afforded to the Public if a 4 spacious and convenient Communication were made between the Neighbourhood of the Parliament Houses and that of Buckingham Palace, passing through a District in the City of Westminster which was then very insalubrious, by reason of the Want of a sufficient Drainage, and from other Causes which would be thereby removed, and that it was expedient that the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, 4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings should be authorized, 4 by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, 4 to advance or to appropriate and apply out of the Monies to borrowed and raised by them under the Provisions of the now reciting Act any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, towards the Expences attending the forming, making, and completing the said Street from the Termination of the Street authorized to be made by the Mayor, 4 Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London* under the said recited Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to Clerkenwell Green, and 'any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds towards the Expence of forming, making, and completing a Line of Street between Southwark and Westminster Bridge, and also any Sum

813

1 & S Vict. c. lxxxiii.

S& 4 Vict. c.cxiL

814

Cap. 115. London Bridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

not exceeding the Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds towards the Expence of forming, making, and completing a

spacious and convenient Communication as aforesaid between the Houses of Parliament and Buckingham Palate* in such 1 Manner as was therein-after provided; and that for the Purpose of providing a Fund to enable the Commissioners to effect the several Objects aforesaid it was expedient that ' they the said Commissioners should be authorized to charge the said Funds by the said recited Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty authorized to be charged by the said Commissioners, and defined and specified by the said recited Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, (subject nevertheless to the said several Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, and Interest, which ' they were already authorized to charge as aforesaid,) and also the Funds made applicable thereto by the herein-before recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, with any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds; it was enacted that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land

Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being and they were thereby authorized and empowered to make, form, and

complete a new Street from the East End of Coventry Street, 4 Piccadilly, to the West End of Long Acre, and also a new Street from the East End of East Smithfield to Rosemary Lane; and that for the Purposes of the Act now in recital, and of the said Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, and of all Matters and Things thereby authorized to be done under the Authority of the Act

now in recital, or of any other Act, the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being should be and they were thereby constituted a Corporation, by the Name and Style of The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, 4 Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings;" and that for providing a Fund for the Purposes of the Act now in recital it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, from Time to Time with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom, or any Three or

more of them, to charge the Funds therein-after mentioned, ' and made subject as therein-after mentioned, with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, together with Interest on the Sum or Sums to be charged from the Time of charging the same, at such Rate as should be approved of by the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to be payable half-yearly, such Sum of Two hundred and

815

London Bridge Approaches. Cap. 115.

fourteen thousand Pounds being in addition to the several Sums amounting together to the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds which the said Commissioners were so as aforesaid

authorized to charge for the Purposes herein-before mentioned; and that the several Funds which by the said Acts herein-before mentioned the said Commissioners were authorized to charge as aforesaid should be the Funds to be charged by the said Commissioners for the Purposes of the Act now in

recital, under the Power aforesaid; and such several Funds

should, subject as aforesaid, be applicable to the Payment of ' all such Monies as should be so charged thereon by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and the Interest thereof; and it was enacted that the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings should and they were thereby authorized, by and with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to appropriate and pay, out of the Monies to be borrowed and raised by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under the Powers and Provisions of the Act now in recital, to the Commissioners named and appointed in and by the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

intituled An Act for opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green 3 & 4 Vict c.cxii, 4 in the County of Middlesex, in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, to be by the said last-mentioned Commissioners applied towards the Expence of making, forming, and completing the said Street to Clerkenwell Green as aforesaid; and it was thereby further enacted that the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues. Works, and Buildings should and they were thereby authorized and empowered, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, and at such Time or Times as they the said last-mentioned Commissioners in the Exercise of their Discretion should think fit and proper, to appropriate and apply, out of the Monies to be borrowed and raised by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under the Powers and Provisions of the Act now in recital, in case they the said Commissioners should be authorized and empowered by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose.to make, form, and complete the said Line of Street between Southwark and Westminster Bridge, or in case any other Trustees or Persons should in and by such Act or Acts as aforesaid be authorized and empowered to make, form, and complete such Street, then to advance and pay to such Trustees or Persons as last aforesaid any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Thirty

816

4 & 5 Vict. c. 40.

thousand Pounds towards the Expence of making, forming,

and completing the same Street, and also, with such Consent ' and Approbation as aforesaid, to appropriate and apply, out of the Monies to be borrowed and nosed as aforesaid, in case the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings should be authorized and empowered by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose to make, form, and complete the said Communication between the Neighbourhood of the Houses of Parliament and that of Buckingham Palace, or in case any other Trustees or Persons should in and by any such Act or Acts as aforesaid be authorized and empowered to make, form, and complete such Communication, then to advance and pay ' to such Trustees or Persons as last aforesaid any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds towards the Expence of making, forming, and completing such Communication as last aforesaid: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to raise Money for certain Improvements in the Metropolis on the Security of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the County of Middlesex and City of London, it was enacted that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom, 4 or any Three or more of them, to borrow and take up at any Rate of Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum pet Annum, and on such Terms and Conditions aa they should think proper, such Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Commissioners, with such Consent as aforesaid, should judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying into effect and completing the said several Improvements and new Streets so authorized and directed to be made by them by the several Acts thereinbefore and herein-before recited, on Mortgage of all or any Part or Parts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of or belonging to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, within the County of Middlesex and City of London, or either of them, (other than Royal Palaces and Parks,) and to secure the Repayment of the Sum or Sums so to be borrowed, or any Part or Parts thereof, with Interest for the same, in manner therein mentioned; and it was enacted that all Sum and Sums of Money which might from Time to Time thereafter be received by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and BuildingB from any Sales directed or authorized to be made by them by the therein and herein-before recited Acts, or os the Premium on the granting of any Lease, or which might be received on the rescinding of any Contract, or which should be forfeited in respect of the Nonperformance of any Contract, and all other the Monies (if any), and also the Rents

crf

1847. London Bridge Approaches. Cap. 115. 817

(if any) of all the Hereditaments which might be acquired

under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or any, of them,

until the same should be sold, (except such Monies as might be advanced to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings on the Credit of the Coal and Wine Duties and other Funds

authorized to be charged by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, under the Powers fmd Provisions of the said re-

cited Acts,) or a sufficient Part thereof, should be applied

by the said Commissioners, in the first place, in the Repayment, so far as the same would extend, of any Sum or Sums

of Money which might be borrowed on the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and the Interest thereof under the Powers and Provisions therein-before contained; and that all Monies which might be advanced to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings on the Credit of the Coal and Wine Duties and other Funds therein-before mentioned, under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts, should, subject to the before-mentioned Advances in aid of the Costs and Expences attending the making, forming, and completing the said ''Street to Clerkenwell Green, the Street between Southwark and Westminster Bridge, and the Communication between the Houses of Parliament and Buckingham Palace, in case the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them, should in the Exercise of their Discretion think fit and proper to consent to ' such Advances being made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Building8, be also applied by the said Commissioners, in the first ' place, in the Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money as ' might be borrowed on the Credit of the Land Revenues of the Crown, and the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, or of so much thereof as should remain due; and, subject as aforesaid,

all and singular the Monies which by any Means whatsoever should come to the Hands of the said Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Acts, or of the Act now in recital,

should be applied as directed by the said several therein and herein-before recited Acts, in such and the like Manner as if ' the Act now in recital had not been passed; provided always,

that nothing in the Act now in recital contained should authorize the levying or raising by the Means aforesaid any Sum or ' Sums of Money for any other Purpose than for the Purpose of executing the aforesaid Improvements, and other the Purposes aforesaid: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulat- Vict. c.(>!

ing the Priorities of Monies authorized to be charged on a Fund called The London Bridge Approaches Fund," after reciting ' as herein-before is recited, and reciting that the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

3 F 3 4 Works,

818

5 St 0 Vict. c. cl

S& 4 Vict. c.cxii.

Cap. 115. London Bridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

Worlre, and Buildings had, in pursuance of the aforesaid

Power in that Behalf, raised by Mortgage of the said Land Revenues of the Crown several Sums of Money amounting in

the whole to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, from the Trustees of the Society for Equitable Assurances on Lives and Survivorships, but no actual Charge of any of the said

Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds, One hundred thousand Pounds, and Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, 4 so authorized to be raised by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, nor of any Part thereof, had then been made; and that by an Act passed in the then present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for further extending the Approaches to London Bridge and the Avenues adjoining to the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and for amending the Acts relating thereto respectively, and for raising a Sum of Money towards opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex, in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London, it was (amongst other things) enacted, that it should be lawful for the Mayor, 4 Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Fund created, increased, and continued by the several therein and herein-before in part recited Acts and that Act, as therein is mentioned, and also any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Fund created, increased, and continued by the several therein and herein-before in part recited Acts, at such Rate of Interest as therein is mentioned, and out of such Sum or Sums so to be raised as aforesaid the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, should and they were thereby authorized to pay to the Commissioners named in and appointed by the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for opening a Street to Clerkenwell Green in the County of Middlesex, in continuation of the new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, as therein is mentioned; and further reciting that inasmuch as th£ said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London had been so as aforesaid authorized to raise the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds for the Purpose of being applied towards the making, forming, and completing the said Street to Clerkenwell Green in continuation of the said new Street from Farringdon Street in the City of London, it was expedient that the Power given to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to raise the Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds should (as regarded the Sum of Twentyfive thousand Pounds, Part thereof, authorized to be raised for the same Purpose by the said Act of the Fourth Year of

1847.

London Bridge Approaches. Cap. 115 *

the Reign of Her present Majesty,) be repealed; and that ' in order the more effectually to enable the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons to borrow and take up the said Two several Sums of Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five ' thousand Pounds, and Interest, by the said last-recited Act authorized to be raised, it was expedient that the said Sums of Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds, , and Interest, and the Securities for the same, should have 1 Priority oyer the said Sums so authorized to be raised by the ' said Commissioners as aforesaid; and that further Provision should be made for the raising the said Sums of Money so authorized to be charged by the said Commissioners as thereinafter was provided; it was by the said Act now in recital enacted that so much of the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty as authorized or enabled the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods,

4 Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to charge or raise the said Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, and Interest, and the applying any Sum not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, Part thereof, for the Purpose of making, forming, and completing the said Street to Clerkenwell Green as aforesaid, should be and the same was thereby repealed; and it was enacted that the said CQinmissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

4 Works, and Buildings should have Power, in lieu of the said Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, to charge the Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, , and Interest, for the Purposes and in manner in all respects and with such Consent as is by the said Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty provided with regard to the said Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds by the said Act authorized to be charged,

except as regarded the Application of the said Sum of Twentyfive thousand Pounds towards such Improvements as aforesaid,

and in all respects as if the Power to charge the said. Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, and Interest,

had not been thereby repealed, and the Sum by the said lastmentioned Act authorized to be charged had been the Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and Interest,

instead of the Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds, and Interest; and it was enacted that the said several Sums of Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds so authorized to be raised by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, and the Bond or Bonds and other Securities authorized or required to be given by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons for securing the Repayment of the same respectively, should have Priority over the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds so as aforesaid authorized to be charged, and the said Sum of One hundred and eightynine thousand Pounds by the Act now in recital authorized' 4 to be charged by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's

«19

820

4 Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and the Interest thereon, and any Securities or Charges to be given or made in respect thereof, or for securing the same or any Part thereof respectively; and it was by the said Act now in recital further enacted that the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and

Buildings should, immediately after the passing of that Act, 4 by some Instrument or Writing under their Common Seal, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer aforesaid, or of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, charge all and singular the said Fund created, increased, and continued as aforesaid, and which they were so as aforesaid authorized to charge with such Sums

+as aforesaid, with the Payment to them the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings of the Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds which they the said Commissioners were so authorized to charge as aforesaid, and also with the Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds thereby authorized to be charged in lieu of the said Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds which they were so authorized to charge as aforesaid, together with Interest thereon after such Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, should direct, and such Interest to commence and be payable in respect of the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds as from the Times when, in pursuance of the aforesaid Acts in that Behalf, the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings were, with such Consent as aforesaid, authorized to charge the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds respectively and as regarded the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds thereby authorized to be charged, from the Time

when the aforesaid Sum of Two hundred and fourteen thousand Pounds was authorized to be charged; and that all and singular the Fund so to be charged as aforesaid should (after Satisfaction of Monies having Priority of the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds, One hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds,) be paid to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time bring, in and towards the Discharge of the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds, One hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and Interest, 4 so to be charged as aforesaid; and that the said annual Sum of Eleven thousand five hundred Pounds, Fees on the Admission of Freemen, binding Apprentices, and paid in respect of Aqueducts, should, until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, continue charged with the Payment

1847. Londm Bridge Approaches. Cap. 115.

of such Principal Sums and Interest, and should continue until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty*two, unless such Principal Monies and Interest should be sooner paid off; and it was further enacted

that the said several Sums of Money, amounting together to the said Sum of Four hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, which the said Commissioners were thereby authorized to charge as aforesaid, and the Interest thereon, should (subject to file* Advances thereout by the said Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty's Reign authorized to be made in aid of the Costs and Expences of making, forming, and completing a Street between Southwark and Westminster Bridge, and a Communication between the Houses of Parliament and Buckingham Palace, in case the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them,

should in the Exercise of their Discretion consent to such Advances being made,) be paid and applied by the said Commissioners from Time to Time, when and as they should receive the same, in Payment and Discharge of the said several Sums amounting together to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and Interest, so as aforesaid charged by them on the Land Revenues of the Crown, and of any other Sum or Sums

of Money (if any) which the said Commissioners might have charged or might charge on the same Land Revenues in pur-

suance of the Power so given to them as aforesaid by the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Yeare of the Reign of Her present Majesty; and that, subject as aforesaid, the said Monies so to be charged as aforesaid, and the Interest thereon, 4 or the Surplus thereof, respectively, should be applicable for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and for the Purposes for which the same Monies and Interest were authorized to be charged as aforesaid, and in all respects as if the now reciting Act had not passed; and further, that, subject to the satisfying and discharging all Monies so as aforesaid borrowed or to be borrowed on the Security of the Land Revenues as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money might be borrowed on the ' Security of such Monies and Interest as by any of the aforesaid Acts was provided, and in all respects whatsoever as if the now reciting Act had not passed: And whereas in pursuance of the Powers and Directions in the said last-recited Act contained the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, 4 Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, did, by an Instrument in Writing under their Common Seal bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, charge all and singular the Funds which by the said last-recited Act they were authorized to charge with the Payment to them the said Commissioners or their Successors of the Three several Principal Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds, One hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and by the Direction of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's

821

822

8 & 9 Vict. c. clxxviiu

Cap. 115. London Bridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

Treasury they did also charge the said Funds with the Payment of Interest on the said Three Principal Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds, One hundred thousand Pounds, and One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, such Interest on the said Three several Sums to commence and be payable as follows; that is to say, the Interest for the said Principal Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds thereby charged as aforesaid to commence and be computed and payable as from the Twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, the Interest for the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds thereby charged as aforesaid to commence and be computed and payable as from the Eleventh Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, and the Interest for the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds thereby charged as aforesaid to commence and be computed and payable as from the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, such several Days being the respective Periods from which by the said last-recited Act such Interest was authorized to be charged and made payable: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for improving Parts of the City of Westminster, it was enacted that the Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds which by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of Her Majesty's Reign the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, were empowered to appropriate and apply towards the Expences of making, forming, and completing a Communication between the Neighbourhood of the Houses of Parliament and Buckingham Palace, should be appropriated and applied towards the Expences of making, forming, and completing the new Street and Communication by the Act now in recital authorized to be made, provided such new Street and Communication were made and fully completed according to the Plan modified and approved by Her Majesty's Commissioners of Metropolitan Improvements within Five Years after the passing of that Act, and that it should be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, and they were thereby authorized and empowered, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to pay to the Commissioners acting under the Act now in recital the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, or the proportionate Part thereof, from Time to Time, with Interest thereon at Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, by and out of the before-mentioned Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, so charged by them the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests,

1847. London Bridge Approaches. Cap. 115. 899

Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, pursuant to the said recited Act of the Fifth and Sixth Year of Her Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, as and when the said Commissioners should receive the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, or any Part thereof,

or by and out of any Monies which might be from Time to Time borrowed or raised by them the said last-mentioned Commissioners in anticipation and on the Credit of the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and 4- the Interest thereof, or any Part thereof; provided always, that the Monies to be paid to the Commissioners under the Act now in recital in respect of the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, and Interest, should not exceed in the whole the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, with Interest at the Rate aforesaid upon the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or on so much thereof as should from Time to Time remain unpaid, 4 to be calculated from the Time of the Completion of the new Street and Communication thereby authorized to be made 4 {such Completion to be certified as therein-after mentioned) 4 to the Time when the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds should be fully paid; provided also, that the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, should ' not be raised and paid in priority to any other Sums authorized to be appropriated and applied out of the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, but all the Sums authorized to be appropriated and applied out of the said Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and* the Interest thereof, should be raised and paid in equal Degree and in rateable Proportions; provided also, that no Part of the said Sum of Thirtynine thousand Pounds, or the Interest thereof, should be paid

to the Commissioners under the Act now in recital until the new Street and Communication thereby authorized to be made should have been actually made and completed to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to be certified by Warrant under their Hands or the Hands of any Three of them: And whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the Westminster Improvement Act, 1845, and to authorize the Application of certain Rates in aid of the Improvements, it is enacted, that the Proviso in the said last recited Act contained, that no Port of the said Sum of Thirtynine thousand Pounds, or the Interest thereof, shall be paid to the Commissioners under the said Act until the new Street

and Communication thereby authorized to be made shall have been actually made and completed to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be and the same is thereby repealed; provided always, that no Part of the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, or the Interest thereof, shall be c paid to the said Commissioners before and until they shall have

10 & 11 Vict. c. cxxxi

624

Cap. 115. London Bridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

have expended the fall Sam of Seventy-five thousand Pounds solely and exclusively in making and forming the new Street ' intended to be called Victoria Street, and in purchasing the ' Lands and Hereditaments within the Area of the Line of the said Street (and as little beyond such Area as the Boundaries ' of the respective Properties will allow) necessary or convenient ' for that Purpose, and in Payment of Expences strictly and ' exclusively contingent upon such Purchases not exceeding Twelve Pounds per Centum on the Sums expended, and shall ' have produced Evidence of the due Expenditure of the said Sum of Sevdhty-five thousand Pounds to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, to be certified in Writing under the Hands of any Two of them, and shall have also deposited and left with the said last-mentioned Commissioners the Deeds of Conveyance and Muniments of Title relating to ' die Lands and Hereditaments purchased with the said Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, such Deeds and Muniments of Title to be held and retained by the said last-mentioned Commissioners until the said Street intended to be called Victoria Street shall have been wholly completed and opened to the Public to the Satisfaction of Her Majesty's said Commissioners, in the Manner mentioned or

provided in and by the said Improvement Act lastly hereinbefore recited of and concerning the Street thereby authorized to be made; and it is by the said Act now in recital further enacted that the Commissioners shall half-yearly, in the Month of January and the Month of July in every Year,

until the several Improvements and new Streets by the Improvement Act and the Act now in recital authorized to be made are fully made and completed in manner prescribed in the said Acts respectively, report to Her Majesty's Commissioners the Progress made by the Commissioners from Time

to Time in the Execution of such Improvements and new Streets respectively, and also at the same Time render to Her Majesty's Commissioners full and true Accounts of all Monies raised or received by the Commissioners under or by virtue of the Provisions of the Improvement Act and the Act now in recital, or either of them, or by Sale or Mortgage or from the Rents and Profits of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Bents, or Hereditaments by the Act now in recital or by the said Improvement Act authorized to be sold, mortgaged, demised, or let, or by the Sale of the Materials of any Houses or Buildings to be pulled down or sold as aforesaid; and of all other Monies which shall be received by them under or by virtue of the Authority of the Improvement Act and the Act now in recital, or either of them, and of the Expenditore and Application of all such Monies for the Purposes of the Improvement Act and the Act now in recital, and of the c Balance, if any, remaining unexpended at the Date of each Report and Account, and also the Number of Houses and Extent of Ground and other Property still remaining to be purchased

1847. i London Bridge ApproachesI Cap. 115.

purchased in the Line of each Street, and the estimated Cost ' thereof, and the Funds applicable to the Purchase of the same: And whereas since the said recited Act of the Fifth

and Sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign was passed for regulating the Priorities of Monies authorized to be charged on the said Fund called "The London Bridge Approaches Fund " the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings have raised,

by Mortgage of Land Revenues of the Crown in the County of Middlesex, and have advanced out of Monies received by them from Sales of Land Revenue, several ftirther Sums of ' Money beyond the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds

in the said Act mentioned, for carrying into effect and completing the several Improvements and new Streets authorized and directed to be made by them the said last-mentioned Commissioners by the several Acts herein-before recited; and the Monies raised by Her Majesty's said Commissioners by Mortgage, and advanced by them out of Proceeds of Sales of Land Revenues of the Crown, for the Purposes aforesaid,

now amount in the aggregate to the Sum of Eight hundred and forty-five thousand Pounds; but the Monies so raised and advanced as aforesaid, and any Monies which may hereafter be raised by Mortgage of Land Revenues of the Crown under the Powers of the before-recited Act, are applicable only to the particular Improvements and new Streets authorized and directed to be made by Her Majesty's said Commissioners, and no Part thereof can be applied to the Improve- ments and new Streets by the Two last-recited Acts authorized and directed to be made by the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners: And whereas the before-mentioned Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, charged as aforesaid by Her Majesty's said Commissioners upon the said Fund called Thte London Bridge Approaches Fund," constitutes the only Fund whereout Her Majesty's said Commissioners are empowered to advance and pay the Sum of Thirtynine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, (to the Amount together of Fifty thousand Pounds,) by the Two last-recited Acts directed to be advanced and paid by them to the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners: And whereas the several Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds, also charged by Her Majesty's said Commissioners upon the said Fund called The 4 London Bridge Approaches Fund," have Priority over the Baid Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds charred by them upon the same Fund; and the several Sums of Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds raised by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London on the Credit of the same Fund, under the Powers of the before-recited Act in that Behalf, have Priority over the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds charged upon the same Fund by Her Majesty's said Commissioners: And whereas by reason of the

8*8 Cap. 115. London Bridge Approached 10 & 11 Vict.

prior existing Charges upon the said Fund called "The London Bridge Approaches Fund," which will wholly absorb

the said Fund for several Years to come, the Commissioners 1 of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works,

and Buildings will not be enabled to raise the before-mentioned

Sum of One hundred and eighty-nine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, whereout they are to advance and pay the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, (limited in Amount as aforesaid,) to the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners, for a long Time after ' the said last-mentioned Commissioners will have expended the c Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds towards making and forming the new Street intended to be called Victoria Street; and it would greatly facilitate the Completion of the said intended new Street, and the other Improvements by the said

Two last-recited Acts authorized and directed to be made by the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners, if Priority were given to the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds,

and the Interest thereof, appropriated to the new Street and

Improvements to be executed by the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners next after the several Sums of

Forty thousand Pounds and Twenty-five thousand Pounds appropriated as aforesaid to extending the Avenues adjoining the Royal Exchange, and opening a Street from Farringdon

Street to Clerkenwell Green, respectively, and if the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings were authorized and empowered to

advance and pay the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds,

and the Interest thereof, out of the first Monies they may receive from the said Fund called "The London Bridge Approaches Fund," or out of the first Monies they may raise f on the Credit of any of the Charges made upon the same Fund ' by them Her Majesty's said Commissioners: Now therefore be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

Commissioners by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the em^redto Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, and they are hereby and Interest to required, by and out of any Monies that shall be raised by them the Westminster on the Credit of all or any or either of the Charges so made by Com^ssioners them as aforesaid upon the several Funds, Duties, annual Sums, out of the first Fees, and Revenues which by the several Acts herein-before t^them*^the rec^te(^ey were authorized to charge as aforesaid, or out of any Credit'of0" The Monies which shall from Time to Time be received by them the London Bridge said Commissioners out of or in respect of the aforesaid Funds, Fu»d°"CheS Duties, annual Sums, Fees, and Revenues, under and by virtue of the Provisions of the said recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, to pay to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds and Interest, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and in preference to any other Objects to which such Monies

London Bridge Approaches.

Cap. 11&

m

are under the Provisions of the said Acts respectively applicable, and notwithstanding any thing in the said Acts or any of them contained.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to make any such Payment unless and until they shall be satisfied, by the Production of such Vouchers or otherwise as they shall require, that the Westminster Improvement Commissioners have expended the Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds at the least towards the opening of the new Thoroughfare to be called Victoria Street, and so as such Expenditure be shown to have been made in respect of the procuring the Land for the Area of the Street, or as near thereto as in the Opinion of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings the Boundaries of the Properties to be purchased will allow, and of the Payment of Expences relating to such Purchases not exceeding Twelve Pounds per Centum on the Amount of the Purchase Monies, and so as such Expenditure be shown to have been made out of Monies belonging to the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners, or Monies raised by a Charge on the surplus Profits to arise on the Completion of the said Undertaking, or otherwise on the Credit of the Bonds or Debentures of the said last-named Commissioners, and so as no Part thereof shall consist of Monies raised by means of any Charge on the said Sum of Thirty-nine thousand Pounds and Interest so to be advanced to the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners as aforesaid, or on the Monies by the said Act passed in the present Session of Parliament authorized to be paid to the said Improvement Commissioners out of or in respect of the increased Rates therein mentioned.

III. And be it enacted, That before any Part of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be paid to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners shall deposit with the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being the Conveyances of all the Lands and Hereditaments which shall have been purchased by the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners under the Provisions of the said Acts with the before-mentioned Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds, and all the Title Deeds relating thereto which shall be in their Possession, and also shall be bound from Time to Time, until the said Street shall have been formed and paved or macadamized throughout, and opened as a public Thoroughfare, and the necessary Vaults and Sewers completed, to the Satisfaction of Her Majesty's said Commissioners, to deposit in like Manner the Conveyances of any other Lands or Hereditaments which shall be acquired by them under the Powers or in the Execution of the said Westminster Improvement Act, 1845, and the Westminster Improvement Act, 1847, and all the Title Deeds relating thereto which shall be in their Possession; and such Deeds shall remain with the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Such Monies not to be paid till the Westminster Improvement -Commissioners have expended 75,000*.

Deeds to be deposited with the Commissioners of Woods, &c. as Security for Completion of Thoroughfare.

r

Cap. 115. London Biridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

Receipts of Commissioners of Woods, &c. to be good Discharges.

Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being until the said Street, Vaults, and Sewers shall have been completed and opened as aforesaid, and as a Security for the Completion and opening thereof within Four Years from the passing of this Act; and on the Completion and opening of the said Street, and Completion of the Vaults and Sewers, within such Period as aforesaid, the same shall be delivered up to the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners freed and discharged from such Security; but in case the said Street, Vaults, and Sewers shall not have been so opened and completed as aforesaid within such Time as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being, at any Time thereafter, at their sole Discretion, to levy and raise the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall have been advanced by them as aforesaid to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners, together with Interest on the Amount of the Monies advanced after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of advancing the same, by Sale or Mortgage of all or any Part of the Lands and Hereditaments which shall have been purchased by the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners, and the Conveyances whereof shall have been so deposited as aforesaid; and for the Purpose of such Security the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being shall be taken to have the first Charge on the Lands and Hereditaments so conveyed to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners, and the Title Deeds relating to which shall have been deposited as aforesaid, and shall hold the same freed from all Estate or Interest or Claim of the Westminster Improvement Commissioners, and all Persons claiming under them; and, subject to the raising and paying the said Monies so advanced as aforesaid, and such Interest as aforesaid, and to the Payment of the Costs and Expences relating to the raising the same, the said Lands and Hereditaments, or the unsold Part thereof, shall (subject nevertheless to any Mortgage which may have been made under the aforesaid Power) be freed and discharged from such Charge or Lien as aforesaid in all respects as if such Deposit had not been made; and any Surplus to arise on any Sale, after answering the Purposes aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners.

IV. And be it enacted, That the Receipts in Writing of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings for the Time being shall be sufficient Discharges to any Purchaser or Mortgagee on any Sale or Mortgage by the Commissioners last mentioned under the aforesaid Power; and no Purchaser or Mortgagee shall be bound to inquire whether any such Default had been made as aforesaid, or as to the Necessity or Expediency of any Sale or Mortgage to be made as aforesaid, or as to the Amount of Money necessary to be raised under the aforesaid Power of Sale.

i<

1847. London Bridge Approached Cap. 115; 820

V. And be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing Commissioners herein-before contained it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, release Deeds. Works, and Buildings for the Time being, from Time to Time, and before the Completion of the said Street and Works, by any Writing under their Hands to release all or any Part of the Lands and Hereditaments of which the Title Deeds shall be so deposited as aforesaid, and to deliver up all or any of such Title Deeds and Conveyances to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners, and to be held by the said last-mentioned Commissioners, and so that the Lands and Hereditaments to which the same shall relate, or any Part thereof, to be designated by the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings, shall be freed and discharged from the Security intended to be made by the Means of such Deposit as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Sum of Fifty thousand Monies reeo-. Pounds, or so much thereof as shall have been advanced, and 2S^Uto«im-which shall be recovered or raised by virtue of any Sale or piete TCioro^i-Mortgage as aforesaid, and the Interest thereon, shall be held fere to be *p-and applied as is provided by the said recited Act passed in the 1 th^Ac^ Fourth Year of Her present Majesty's Reign with respect to 4 & 5 Vict. c. 12. the Monies which the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's

Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings are by the said Act authorized to advance for the making, forming, and completing a Communication between the Neighbourhood of the Houses of Parliament and that of Buckingham Palace, or to advance to Trustees or other Persons for that Purpose, as in the said Act is mentioned.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Acts, Matters, and Things Two of the hereby authorized to be done or executed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and act. ° Buildings for the Time being may be executed or done by any Two of such Commissioners for the Time being.

VIII. And be it enacted, That if and when the Commis- ifCommUdon-sioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues,

Works, and Buildings shall have been satisfied that the full Sum to pay the of Seventy-five thousand Pounds has been expended as afore- 50, ooql a* said towards purchasing the Area of and forming the said Street Westminster and Works, the said last-named Commissioners shall not have at improvement their Disposal Monies sufficient to pay to the said Westminster Commissioners Improvement Commissioners the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds so hereby authorized to be paid to them as aforesaid, terest to run on then and thenceforth Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per the 50,000l. till Centum per Annum shall be paid by the said Commissioners of Pa>ment *

Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to the Westminster Improvement Commissioners on the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or on so much as shall remain unpaid, from the Time at which the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings were satisfied that the said Sum of Seventy-five thousand Pounds had been expended as aforesaid up to the Time at

830 Cap. 115, London Bridge Approaches. 10 & 11 Vict.

which the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or the unpaid Part thereof, shall be paid, and such Interest shall be raised and paid in all respects as the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds is authorized to be raised and paid by this Act; but in case the said Westminster Improvement Commissioners shall borrow the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, on the Security or Credit of the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds hereby directed to be paid to them, and shall pay for the Motion borrowed a Rate of Interest lower than the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, then only the Rate of Interest which shall be paid by the Westminster Improvement Commissioners in respect of the Principal Monies so borrowed shall be paid by the Commissioners or Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings in respect of the said Sum. of Fifty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall remain unpaid.

fleceipta of

IX. And be it enacted, That the Receipt in Writing of the tote'cpod116" Westminster Improvement Commissioners, sealed with their Discharges. Common Seal, shall be sufficient Discharges for all Monies authorized to be paid to them under or by virtue of this Act.

Act may be

X. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended or amended, &c. repealed by any Act to be passed in the present Session of Parliament.

[Index removed.]

---

LONDON: Printed by George E. Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1847.

