[source: https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=VFcMAQAAMAAJ&printsec=frontcover#v=onepage&q&f=false]

A

﻿COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the SECOND SESSION of the EIGHTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1860.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the SECOND Session of the EIGHTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to render Valid certain Marriages in the Chapel of Saint Mary in Rydal in the County of Westmoreland. 1

II. An Act to apply the Sum of Four hundred and seven thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 2

III. An Act to apply the Sum of Four Million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 3

IV. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to defray One Moiety of the Expense of the annual Revision of the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland out of the Consolidated Fund. 5

V. An Act to regulate Probate and Administration with respect to certain Indian Government Securities; to repeal certain Stamp Duties; and to extend the Operation of the Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of Victoria, Chapter Thirty-nine, to Indian Bonds. 8

VI. An Act to transfer to the Postmaster General Securities entered into with the Commissioners of the Admiralty in relation to the Packet Service. 10

VII. An Act to amend the Medical Acts. 11

VIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to the unlawful administering of Poison. 12

IX. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 12

X. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 47

XI. An Act to amend the Law relating to Endowed Schools. 84

XII. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 84

XIII. An Act to prevent the Members of Benefit Societies from forfeiting their Interest therein by being enrolled in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps. 86

XIV. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices. 86

XV. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Stamps. 89

XVI. An Act to make further Provision concerning Mortgages and other Dispositions of Property belonging to Municipal Corporations in England and Ireland. 95

XVII. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 99

XVIII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, by extending certain Provisions thereof to Persons professing with the Society of Friends called Quakers. 99

XIX. An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Classes in Ireland. 100

XX. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 101

XXI. An Act to amend the Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers. 102

XXII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. 103

XXIII. An Act to provide for the Consideration of an Ordinance which has been laid before Parliament in a Report of the Oxford University Commissioners. 121

XXIV. An Act to remove Doubt as to the Validity of certain Marriages in Extra-parochial Places. 122

XXV. An Act to apply the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 123

XXVI. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Application of "The Common Lodging Houses Acts" to Ireland, and to amend the Provisions of the same so far as they relate to Ireland. 125

XXVII. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences. 127

XXVIII. An Act to repeal the Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, Chapter Eight, commonly called "Sir John Barnard's Act," and the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Eight. 139

XXIX. An Act to amend an Act relative to malicious Injuries to Property. 140

XXX. An Act to enable a Majority of Two Thirds of the Ratepayers of any Parish or District, duly assembled, to rate their District in aid of Public Improvements for general Benefit within their District 140

XXXI. An Act to repeal a certain Enactment for restraining the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from lending Money on Mortgage. 141

XXXII. An Act to abolish the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland in Cases of Defamation, and in England and Ireland in certain Cases of Brawling. 142

XXXIII. An Act to amend certain Provisions in the Bankrupt Law of Scotland. 143

XXXIV. An Act to amend the Law relating to Petitions of Right, to simplify the Proceedings, and to make Provisions for the Costs thereof. 144

XXXV. An Act further to amend an Act of the Eighteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to amend the Law for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland. 149

XXXVI. An Act to authorize the Appointment and Approval of Places for the warehousing of Goods for the Security of Duties of Customs. 150

XXXVII. An Act to levy an Assessment in the County of Inverness to discharge a Debt on the Castle Stewart and Nairn Road in the said County. 152

XXXVIII. An Act to further amend the Law of Property. 153

XXXIX. An Act for the Construction of a new Harbour, and the Improvement of the existing Harbour, at Anstruther Easter in the County of Fife. 157

XL. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 172

XLI. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her present Majesty, to amend the Law relating to Cheap Trains, and to restrain the Exercise of certain Powers by Canal Companies being also Railway Companies. 175

XLII. An Act to vest the Management of the Phoenix Park in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland. 175

XLIII. An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Administration of Archbishop Tenison's Charity in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City of Westminster. 176

XLIV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858) relating to the Districts of Southampton, Leicester, Epsom, Coventry, Ipswich, Fareham, Wells, Tormoham, Scarborough, Ludlow, Banbury, Boston, Penrith, Barnsley, and Shipley; and for other Purposes in relation thereto. 179

XLV. An Act to extend the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Victoria, Chapter Twenty-six, for preventing fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland. 198

XLVI. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Caledonian and Crinan Canals. 201

XLVII. An Act to amend the Law relative to the legal Qualifications of Councillors and the Admission of Burgesses in Royal Burghs in Scotland. 210

XLVIII. An Act to provide for the Settlement and Discharge of the Debt due to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from the Harbour and Docks of Leith. 211

XLIX. An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Way through Colewort Barracks in the Borough of Portsmouth. 216

L. An Act to abolish the Annuity Tax in Edinburgh and Montrose, and to make Provision in regard, to the Stipends of the Ministers in that City and Burgh, and also to make Provision for the Patronage of the Church of North Leith. 217

LI. An Act to provide for an annual Return of Rates, Taxes, Tolls, and Dues levied for local Purposes in England. 227

LII. An Act to alter and amend "The Metropolitan Building Act (1855)." 228

LIII. An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits by the Duke of Cornwall in relation to Real Property, and for authorizing certain Leases of Possessions of the Duchy. 229

LIV. An Act to amend an Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for regulating the Crown Office. 230

LV. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners. 231

LVI. An Act to make further Provision for Improvements in the Harbours of the Isle of Man. 232

LVII. An Act to authorize an Extension of the Time for Repayment of a Loan made by the West India Relief Commissioners to the Island of Dominica. 234

LVIII. An Act to amend the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty relating to Friendly Societies. 234

LIX. An Act to extend the Provisions of the Universities and College Estates Act (1858), and of the Copyhold Acts, and of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, and of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the same Reign, Chapter Eighty-four, so far as the same relate to Universities and Colleges. 236

LX. An Act to amend the Act for regulating the Queen's Prison. 244

LXI. An Act for taking the Census of England. 242

LXII. An Act for taking the Census of Ireland. 245

LXIII. An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Victoria, Chapter Forty-nine, to provide for the Relief of Her Majesty's Subjects professing the Jewish Religion. 247

LXIV. An Act to make further Provision for the Expenses of Local Boards of Health and Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Boards. 248

LXV. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to further regulate the Postage on redirected Letters of Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Seamen, and Soldiers whilst on actual Service. 240

LXVI. An Act to amend the Medical Act (1858). 251

LXVII. An Act to continue an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. 253

LXVIII. An Act for the better Management and Control of the Highways in South Wales. 253

LXIX. An Act to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to apply pertain Funds towards the Repairs of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church of Manchester. 263

LXX. An Act to.confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts. 264

LXXI. An Act to make Provision as to Stock and Dividends unclaimed in Ireland. 265

LXXII. An Act to promote and facilitate the Endowment and Augmentation of small Benefices in Ireland. 266

LXXIIL An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain, and to extend the Provisions of the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight. 267

LXXIV. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, with respect to the Appointment of Coroners in Boroughs. 269

LXXV. An Act to make better Provision for the Custody and Care of Criminal Lunatics. 270

LXXVI. An Act to amend the Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act (1856). 274

LXXVII. An Act to amend the Acts for the Removal of Nuisances and the Prevention of Diseases. 275

LXXVIII. An Act to place the Employment of Women, Young Persons, and Children, in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works under the Regulations of the Factories Acts. 279

LXXIX. An Act to provide additional Accommodation for the Sheriff Courts in Scotland. 283

LXXX. An Act to regulate the Levying and Collection of the Inventory Duty payable upon Heritable Securities and other Property in Scotland. 288

LXXXI. An Act to continue Appointments under the Act for consolidating the Copyhold and Inclosure Commissions, and for completing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts. 291

LXXXII. An Act to amend the Provisions of "The Common Law Procedure (Ireland) Act Amendment (1853." 292

LXXXIII. An Act to explain an Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty enabling Infants, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on Marriage. 293

LXXXIV. An Act for preventing the Adulteration of Articles of Food or Drink. 293

LXXXV. An Act to amend Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years, and of the Eighteenth Year, of Her Present Majesty, relating to the Registration of Births, Deaths and Marriages, in Scotland 296

LXXXVI. An Act to make Provision respecting the Marriages of British Subjects in the Ionian Islands. 301

LXXVII. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Authority of the Senior Member of the Council of the Governor General of India in the Absence of the President. 303

LXXXVIII. An Act to extend certain Provisions for Admiralty Jurisdiction in the Colonies to Her Majesty's Territories in India. 303

LXXXIX. An Act to extend in certain Cases the Provisions of the Superannuation Act, 1859. 304

XC. An Act to repeal the Duties on Game Certificates and Certificates to deal in Game, and to impose in lieu thereof Duties on Excise Licences and Certificates for the like Purposes. 305

XCI. An Act for removing Doubts respecting the Craven Scholarships in the University of Oxford, and for enabling the University to, retain the Custody of certain Testamentary Documents. 309

XCII. An Act to amend the Law relative to the Scottish Herring Fisheries. 310

XCIII. An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales. 318

XCIV. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia. 326

XCV. An Act to facilitate the building of Cottages for Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans by the Proprietors of entailed Estates in Scotland. 332

XCVI. An Act to amend the Police of Towns Improvement Act, so as to enable Towns tod populous Places in Scotland to avail themselves of its Provisions for sanitary and other Improvements, without at the same Time adopting its Provisions as regards the Establishment and Maintenance of a Police Force, 333

XCVII. An Act for amending and making perpetual the Railways Act, Ireland (1851). 334

XCVIII. An Act for taking the Census, in Scotland. 336

XCIX. An Act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act (1854). 340

C. An Act to repeal so much of the Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Victoria, Chapter Twenty-seven, and of certain other Acts, as authorizes the Secretary of State in Council to give Directions for raising European Forces for the Indian Army of Her Majesty. 340

CI. An Act to continue the Poor Law Board. 341

CII. An Act to provide for the Management of East India Stock, and of the Debts and Obligations of the Government of India, at and by the Bank of England. 341

CIII. An Act to apply the Sum of Ten Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 343

CIV. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Royal College of Saint Patrick at Maynooth to make Provision for certain necessary Buildings and Repairs. 344

CV. An Act to provide for the Management of the General Prison at Perth, and for the Administration of Local Prisons in Scotland. 345

CVI. An Act to amend the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts (1845) in regard to Sales and Compensation for Land by way of a Rentcharge, Annual Feu Duty or Ground Annual, and to enable Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department to avail himself of the Powers and Provisions contained in the same Acts. 362

CVII. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences, in Ireland. 363

CVIII. An Act to amend the Industrial Schools Act, 1857. 378

CIX. An Act for defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal. 378

CX. An Act to consolidate the Duties of Customs. 384

CXI. An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Stamps, and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties. 391

CXII. An Act to make better Provision for acquiring Lands for the Defence of the Realm. 397

CXIII. An Act to grant Duties of Excise on Chicory, and on Licences to Dealers in Sweets or Made Wines; also to reduce the Excise Duty on Hops and the Period of Credit allowed for Payment of the Duty on Malt and Hops respectively; to repeal the Exemption from Licence Duty of Persons dealing in Foreign Wine and Spirits in Bond; and to amend the Laws relating to the Excise. 406

CXIV. An Act to reduce into One Act and to amend the Excise Regulations relating to the distilling, rectifying, and dealing in Spirits. 416

CXV. An Act to simplify and amend the Practice as to the Entry of Satisfaction on Crown Debts and on Judgments. 470,

CXVI. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Election, Duties, and Payment of County Coroners. 471.

CXVII. An Act to confer Powers on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire certain Property in Edinburgh, for the Erection of an Industrial Museum for Scotland. 473

CXVIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Nottingham, Sunderland, Hastings, Reading, Chatham, Dartmouth, Tunbridge Wells, Sheerness, Sandgate, Wilton, Bridgnorth, and Dorchester. 481

CXIX. An Act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures in Ireland. 500

CXX. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Ballots for the Militia in England, and to suspend the making of Lists and Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 504

CXXI. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Government of Her Settlements on the Coast of Africa and in the Falkland Islands. 512

CXXII. An Act to enable the Legislatures of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad to make Enactments similar to the Enactment of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-one, Section Eight. 513

CXXIII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Government of the Navy. 514

CXXIV. An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitular Estates in England. 530

CXXV. An Act for better regulating the Supply of Gas to the Metropolis. 540

CXXVI. An Act for the further Amendment of the Process, Practice, and Mode of Pleading in and enlarging the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster. 551

CXXVII. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Attorneys, Solicitors, Proctors, and Certificated Conveyancers. 557

CXXVIII. An Act to enable the Lord Chancellor and Judges of the Court of Chancery to carry into effect the Recommendations and Suggestions of the Chancery Evidence Commissioners by General Rules and Orders of the Court. 566

CXXIX. An Act to grant Excise Duties on British Spirits and on Spirits imported from the Channel Islands. 567

CXXX. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India. 569

CXXXI. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 571

CXXXII. An Act for raising the Sum of Two million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty. 592

CXXXIII. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 594

CXXXIV. An Act to amend the Law regarding Roman Catholic Charities. 606

CXXXV. An Act for the Employment of the Metropolitan Police Force in Her Majesty's Yards and Military Stations. 608

CXXXVI. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of Endowed Charities. 609

CXXXVII. An Act to make further Provision with respect to Monies received from Savings Banks and Friendly Societies. 614

CXXXVIII. An Act to continue and amend the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act (1856). 614

CXXXIX. An Act to amend the Law concerning the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder and Compositions of an explosive Nature, and concerning the Manufacture, Sale, and Use of Fireworks. 615

CXL. An Act for facilitating the Acquisition by Rifle Volunteer Corps of Grounds for Rifle Practice. 626

CXLI. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of Her Majesty, to restrain Party Processions in Ireland. 630

CXLII. An Act to make better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices in Cities, Towns, and Boroughs. 631

CXLIII. An Act to extend certain Provisions of the Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858, to Titles to Land held by Burgage Tenure; and to amend the said Act. 640

CXLIV. An Act to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes. 653

CXLV. An Act to give to Trustees, Mortgagees, and others certain Powers now commonly inserted in Settlements, Mortgages, and Wills. 655

CXLVI. An Act to amend the Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas. 661

CXLVII. An Act to amend the Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Seventy. 662

CXLVIII. An Act to continue the Powers of the Poor Law Commissioners in Ireland. 662

CXLIX. An Act to make better Provision for the Relief of Prisoners in Contempt of the High Court of Chancery, and Pauper Defendants; and for the more efficient Despatch of Business in the said Court. 663

CL. An Act further to amend certain Acts relating to the Temporalities of the Church in Ireland. 667

CLI. An Act for the Regulation and Inspection of Mines. 677

CLII. An Act to facilitate internal Communication in Ireland by means of Tramroads or Tramways. 686

CLIII. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Tenure and Improvement of Land in Ireland. 708

CLIV. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law of Landlord and Tenant in Ireland. 713

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC, AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

ii. An Act for enabling the Blackburn Gaslight Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

iii. An Act to repeal, alter, amend, and extend some of the Powers and Provisions of "The Silverdale and Newcastle Railway Act, 1859;" to authorize the stopping up, altering and constructing of certain Roads; and for other Purposes.

iv. An Act for supplying with Gas the Township of Droylsden and other Places adjacent, thereto in the Parishes of Manchester and Ashton-under-Lyne in the County of Lancaster.

v. An Act for more effectually supplying with Gas the Borough of Leicester and the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Leicester.

vi. An Act to enable the Banbridge, Lisburn, and Belfast Railway Company to make Deviations in their authorized Railways; and to enable the Ulster Railway Company to acquire and hold Shares in the Undertaking of the Banbridge, Lisburn, and Belfast Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

vii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Township of Belper in the Parish of Duffield in the County of Derby.

viii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Wem to the Lime Rocks at Bronygarth in the County of Salop, and for making several Lines of Road connected with the same in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

ix. An Act to amend the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway Act, 1856; to enable the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

x. An Act to enable the South Devon Railway Company to improve their Plymouth and other Stations; to widen Parts of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

xi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the Great Western Railway at Chippenham to Caine in Wilts.

xii. An Act to empower the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Liverpool to construct an additional Reservoir and other Works; and for other Purposes.

xiii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough and Parish of Liskeard in the County of Cornwall; and for other Purposes.

xiv. An Act to enable the North London Railway Company to raise an additional Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

xv. An Act for incorporating a Company for the Construction of a Railway from the Newton and Compstall Line of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway at Marple in the County of Chester to New Mills and Hayfield in the County of Derby; and for other Purposes.

xvi. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway from Stockport to Woodley in the County of Chester; and for other Purposes.

xvii. An Act to enable the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to complete their Communication with Brecon; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

xviii. An Act for incorporating the Mirfield Gaslight Company (Limited), and extending their Powers; and for other Purposes.

xix. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Ouse in the City of York, with Approaches thereto, and for raising, lowering, widening, altering, and improving certain Streets or Thoroughfares within the said City; and for other Purposes.

xx. An Act for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to the Liskeard and Caradon Railway Company, for authorizing the Alteration, of Portions, of their existing Railway, and the Construction of new Works; and for other Purposes.

xxi. An Act to repeal the Act for amending and improving the Road from Glossop to Marple Bridge in the County of Derby, and the several Branches of Roads leading to and from the same, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

xxii. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Leicester to provide an additional Cemetery, with Approaches thereto, and to effect certain Arrangements with the Visitors of the Leicestershire and Rutland Lunatic Asylum; for amending the Acts relating to the Cemetery, Sewerage, and Waterworks in the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

xxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Chesterfield in the County of Derby to Worksop in the County of Nottingham.

xxiv. An Act to enable the Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway Company to mate Railways to Enniscorthy and to a certain Limestone Quarry at Ballyellin, and an Approach Road or Roads to their Station At Wexford; and to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to subscribe further Sums towards the Undertaking of the Company; and to enable the Company and the Grand Jury of the County of Wexford and the Trustees of Wexford Free Bridge to make Arrangements in reference to the said Road or Roads; and for other Purposes.

xxv. An Act to enable the Shrewsbury and Welchpool Railway Company to complete and maintain Deviations in the Line and Levels of their Railway, and to complete and maintain the same across certain Roads on a Level, and to, raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

xxvi. An Act to continue and amend an Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Dee at the Craiglug in the Parish of Old Machar in the County of Aberdeen and of Nigg in the County of Kincardine, and for making a Road from Cairnrobin by the said Bridge toward the City of Aberdeen.

xxvii. An Act for granting further Powers to the Croydon Commercial Gas and Coke Company.

xxviii. An Act for draining and improving Grunty Fen in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge; and for maintaining the public Roads therein.

xxix. An Act for more effectually carrying out the Clearing House System in Ireland, and for facilitating legal Proceedings in relation thereto.

xxx. An Act for the better Supply of Spalding with Water.

xxxi. An Act for the Regulation of the Municipal Corporation of the Borough of Hedon in the East Riding of the County of York, and for the Improvement of the Borough; and for other Purposes.

xxxii. An Act for the further Continuance of the Lower King's Ferry Roads Turnpike Trust, and for other Purposes.

xxxiii. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money.

xxxiv. An Act for authorizing the Corporation of Norwich to enlarge the existing Cattle Market and other Markets in Norwich, and to establish and regulate Markets and Fairs and make new Streets in Norwich; and for other Purposes.

xxxv. An Act for making a Railway from the Cannock Mineral Railway into Cannock Chase in the County of Stafford.

xxxvi. An Act for changing the Name of "The Ambergate, Nottingham, and Boston and Eastern Junction Railway and Canal Company" to the Name "The Nottingham and Grantham Railway and Canal Company," and for reducing and regulating their Capital and borrowing Powers; and for other Purposes.

xxxvii. An Act to enable the Edinburgh Railway Station Access Company to raise additional Capital.

xxxviii. An Act to incorporate the Brompton and Gillingham Consumers Waterworks Company, Limited; to enable them to better supply Brompton, Gillingham, Chatham, and Rochester with Water; and for other Purposes.

xxxix. An Act for granting further Powers to the Commercial Dock Company.

xl. An Act for making a Railway from Stranorlar in the County of Donegal to the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway near Strabane in the County of Tyrone, and for other Purposes.

xli. An Act to provide for the Management, Maintenance, and Repair of the Turnpike Road from Lincoln Heath to Market Deeping, and other Roads in connexion therewith; and for other Purposes.

xlii. An Act for relinquishing certain Works authorized by the North Staffordshire Railway Branches Act, 1854, and for authorizing Agreements with respect to the Silverdale and Newcastle Railway; and for other Purposes.

xliii. An Act for amending the Acts passed with respect to the Master, Wardens, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire in the County of York.

xliv. An Act for authorizing the Stockton and Darlington Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xlv. An Act to enable the Great Northern and Western (of Ireland) Railway Company to make a Deviation in their authorized Railway between Roscommon and Castlereagh; and for other Purposes.

xlvi. An Act for altering the Name of "The Belfast and Ballymena Railway Company" to the Name of "The Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company;" for increasing their Capital; and for other Purposes.

xlvii. An Act to enable the Dublin and Wicklow Railway Company to extend their Railway to Enniscorthy in the County of Wexford; to change the Name of the Company; and for other Purposes.

xlviii. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to effect further Improvements in the said City; and for other Purposes.

xlix. An Act to amend "The Great Southern of India Railway Act, 1858;" and for other Purposes.

l. An Act to authorize certain Deviations in the Andover and Redbridge Railway, and for other Purposes.

li. An Act for granting further Powers to the West Somerset Railway Company.

lii. An Act to enable the Midland Railway Company to contract for the Use of the Undertakings of other Companies in and near London.

liii. An Act for regulating the East India Coal Company, Limited, and for making Provisions with regard to the Capital and Shares of the Company; and for other Purposes.

liv. An Act for making a Railway from Carrickfergus to Larne, and for other Purposes.

lv. An Act for better supplying with Water the Parish of Matlock in the County of Derby.

lvi. An Act to enable the Limerick and Ennis Railway Company to maintain their Railway across certain Roads on a Level; and to enable the Company to purchase certain Lands for the Purposes of their Undertaking; and to amend the Provisions of the Acts relating to the said Company with respect to General Meetings; and for other Purposes.

lvii. An Act to repeal the Act 10 George IV. Chapter 114., relating to the Turnpike Roads from Hurdlow House in the County of Derby to Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and to confer other Powers in lieu thereof.

lviii. An Act for enabling the Metropolitan Railway Company to acquire additional Lands for the Construction of the Railway and for Station Accommodation; for amending the Acts relating to the Railway; and for other Purposes.

lix. An Act to authorize the Lease of the Banbridge Junction Railway to the Dublin and Belfast Junction Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

lx. An Act to enable the Belfast and County Down Railway Company to abandon Part of the Bangor Branch; to extend the Time for the Completion of the Remainder of such Branch, and of the Donaghadee Branch; and for other Purposes.

lxi. An Act for making a Railway from the Belfast and County Down Railway at Holywood to Bangor in the County of Down in Ireland.

lxii. An Act for a Modification of the Lease of the Dublin and Kingstown Railway to the Dublin and Wicklow Railway Company; and for regulating the Capital of the Dublin and Kingstown Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

lxiti. An Act to enable the Keith and Dufftown Railway Company to abandon their authorized Line of Railway, and to make a new Line of Railway instead thereof.

lxiv. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the authorized Line of the London and South-western Exeter Extension Railway to Chard in the County of Somerset.

lxv. An Act to confer further Powers with respect to the Construction of Railways at or near Burton-upon-Trent, and for other Purposes.

lxvi. An Act to enable the Midland Railway Company to make Railways between Rowsley, and Buxton; to execute other Works; and for other Purposes.

lxvii. An Act to authorize the Midland Railway Company to construct a Station in the Parish of Saint Pancras, London, and to effect Arrangements with the Great Northern and North London Railway Companies and with the Regents Canal Company; and for other Purposes.

lxviii. An Act for better supplying with Gas and with Water the Township of Widnes in the Parish of Prescot in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

lxix. An Act for enabling the Great Western Railway Company to construct a Railway in the Parishes of Clifton Maybank and Bradford Abbas in the County of Dorset in connexion with the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth Railway; to acquire additional Lands at Yeovil; and for other Purposes.

lxx. An Act for increasing the Capital of the Company of Proprietors of the Sheffield Waterworks; for extending the Limits of the Sheffield Waterworks Act, 1853, so as to comprise the Parish of Ecclesfield; for making further Provisions with respect to the said Company and for other Purposes.

lxxi. An Act for changing the Name of the Sirhowy Tramroad Company to the Name "The Sirhowy Railway Company;" and for authorizing the Company to make new Works, and to maintain and work the Sirhowy Line aa a Railway, and to raise further Funds; and for regulating their Capital and Borrowing Powers; and for other Purposes.

lxxii. An Act for making a Railway from the Ashchurch and Tewkesbury Branch of the Midland Railway at Ashchurch in the County of Gloucester to Great Malvern in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

lxxiii. An Act for authorizing the East Somerset Railway Company to abandon the making of their authorized Railway from Shepton Mallett to Wells, and to make instead thereof another Railway from Shepton Mallett to Wells; and for other Purposes.

lxxiv. An Act for authorizing the Grand Surrey Docks and Canal Company to make additional Docks and other Works, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

lxxv. An Act to incorporate a Company for manufacturing and supplying Gas within the Parishes of Tormoham (including the Town of Torquay), Saint Mary Church, and Cockington, in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

lxxvi. An Act to enable the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company to take on Lease the Undertaking of the Severn Valley Railway Company.

lxxvii. An Act to authorize Arrangements with reference to the Use by the London and North-western Railway Company of the Station at Normanton, and the Railway between the same and Goose Hill, and for other Purposes.

lxxviii. An Act for supplying Hartford, Cray ford) Eltham, and other Places in Kent with Water.

lxxix. An Act to authorize the Transfer to the London and Northwestern Railway Company of Part of the Undertaking of the Saint Helens Canal and Railway Company, and for the Increase of the Capital of the Saint Helens Company.

lxxx. An Act for repairing the Roads from Horsham to Steyning, and from thence to the Top of Steyning Hill in the County of Sussex, and from the Bottom of Steyning Hill to Slaughter's Corner in the Parish of Seeding, and from thence to Shoreham Bridge in the Parish of Old Shoreham in the said County.

lxxxi. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford and the Worcester and Hereford Railway Companies with the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway Company, under the Name of "The West Midland Railway Company."

lxxxii. An Act for making a Railway from the Oxford, Worcester, and Wolverhampton Railway to Bourton-on-the-Water in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

lxxxiii. An Act for making a Railway commencing by a Junction With the Glasgow and South-western Railway at or near the North or North-east End of the Passenger Station of that Railway at the Town of Dumfries, and terminating by a Junction with the Caledonian Railway at or near the North End of the Lockerby Station on that Line; and for other Purposes.

lxxxiv. An Act to increase the Capital and amend the Powers of the Dover Gaslight Company.

lxxxv. An Act for authorizing the London Hydraulic Power Company, Limited, to acquire Powers under "The Waterworks Clauses Acts, 1847;" and for other Purposes.

lxxxvi. An Act to amend the Local Act, Fifty-fourth of George the Third, Chapter One hundred and three, for making a fair and equal County Rate for the County of Buckingham.

lxxxvii. An Act to grant additional Powers to the Newry, Warrenpoint, and Rostrevor Railway Company.

lxxxviii. An Act for better defining the Powers and Liabilities of the Eau Brink Drainage Commissioners; for making Provision for the Repair and Maintenance of the Eau Brink Bridge; for simplifying the Mode of levying and collecting Drainage taxes; for constituting from the Body of Commissioners a new Board, to be called Conservators of the Ouse Outfall; and for other Purposes.

lxxxix. An Act for making a Railway from Buckley to Connors Quay in the County of Flint, and for other Purposes.

xc. An Act for making a Railway from Altrincham through Knutsford to Northwich in the County of Chester, and for other Purposes.

xci. An Act to change the Name of the Nuneaton and Hinckley Railway Company; and to enable that Company to extend their Railway from Hinckley in the County of Leicester to the Midland Railway at Wigston Magna near Leicester in the same County; and for other Purposes.

xcii. An Act for the Alteration at Yeovil of the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway leased to the London and South-western Railway Company, and of the Yeovil and Durston Branch of the Bristol and Exeter Railway; and for the making at Yeovil of a Joint Station for the London and Southwestern and the Bristol and Exeter Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

xciii. An Act to alter and amend the several Acts relating to the Manchester Corporation Waterworks, and for other Purposes.

xciv. An Act for making a Railway from Stourbridge in the County of Worcester to Old Hill, with Branches to Cradley Park and Corngreaves Ironworks, and for other Purposes.

xcv. An Act for incorporating the Wellington Waterworks Company, and granting Powers to them for better supplying with Water the Town of Wellington and Places adjacent thereto in the County of Salop, and for other Purposes.

xcvi. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Parish of Maidstone in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes.

xcvii. An Act for more completely merging in the Undertaking of the Caledonian Railway Company certain Railways known as the Lesmahagow Branches; for incorporating the Holders of the Lesmahagow Branches Stock, and securing to them a fixed Annuity; And for other Purposes.

xcviii. An Act for incorporating "The City of Dublin Steam Packet Company;" and for authorizing them to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xcix. An Act for making a Railway from Letterkenny to the Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway in the County of Donegal; and for other Purposes.

c. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway near Charleville to the Limerick and Foynes Railway near Patrick's Well, and also a short Line of Railway at Limerick, to be called "The Cork and Limerick Direct Railway," and for other Purposes.

ci. An Act for enabling the Oswestry and Newtown Railway Company to raise additional Capital, to lease their Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

cii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Towns of Staines, Hounslow, Ealing, Acton, and Hanwell, and the several Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes.

ciii. An Act for authorizing the London and Southwestern Company to make and

maintain a Railway in extension of their Exeter Extension Railway, and to connect that Railway with the Bristol and Exeter Railway; and for authorizing Alterations of the Saint David's Station on the Bristol and Exeter Railway, and the laying down of Rails on the Narrow Gauge on divers Railways, and the working by the London and South-western Railway Company, over those Narrow Gauge Lines of Railway, from their Exeter Extension Railway to Bideford; and for other Purposes.

civ. An Act to carry into effect an Arrangement between the Corporation of the Royal Naval School and Her Majesty's Commissioners of the Patriotic Fund, for the Admission of Pupils into the said School.

cv. An Act for enabling the Cardiff Waterworks Company to construct additional Works, and obtain a further Supply of Water for the Town of Cardiff and the surrounding Districts in the County of Glamorgan; and for other Purposes.

cvi. An Act to amend "The Blyth Harbour and Dock Act, 1858;" to extend the Time for Completion of Works, and to levy additional Tolls and Rates; and for other Purposes.

cvii. An Act for continuing the Powers of the Trustees of the Wexford Free Bridge; for enabling them to complete that Bridge, and to construct and improve Approaches thereto; for authorizing the Grand Jury of the County of Wexford to present additional Sums of Money; and for other Purposes.

cviii. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Oswestry and Newtown Railway near Cilgwrgan in the County of Montgomery over the River Severn to Tregynon in the same County.

cix. An Act to authorize the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make a Railway from the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway in the Parish of Croydon to the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway near Balham Hill, all in the County of Surrey, with a Branch Railway connected therewith; and for other Purposes.

cx. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Consett and other Districts in the County of Durham.

cxi. An Act for making a Railway from the London and North-western Railway at Watford to Rickmansworth; and for other Purposes.

cxii. An Act to create a further Term in the Egleston Roads; to add other Roads to the Trust; to repeal, amend, and extend the Act relating to the said Roads; and for other Purposes.

cxiii. An Act for the Bolton and Saint Helen's Road in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

cxiv. An Act to enable the Dublin and Drogheda Railway Company to extend their Railway from Kells to Oldcastle; and for other Purposes.

cxv. An Act to amend and extend the Powers of Management of the Corporation of the North British Insurance Company.

cxvi. An Act to enable the Morayshire Railway Company to construct a Railway from Elgin to Rothes; and for other Purposes.

cxvii. An Act to enable the Sovereign Life Assurance Company to sue and be sued; to alter and amend some of the Provisions of their Deed of Settlement; and to confer further Powers the Company.

cxviii. An Act for the Doncaster and Tadcaster Road in the West Riding of the County of York.

cxix. An Act to authorize the Improvement of the Common Muir of Auchterarder in the County of Perth, and to regulate the Management thereof, and the Application of the Revenues arising therefrom for the Benefit of that Burgh or Town.

cxx. An Act to enable the Symington, Biggar, and Broughton Railway Company to extend their Railway from Broughton to Peebles; and for other Purposes.

cxxi. An Act for enabling the Portadown, Dungannon, and Omagh Junction Railway Company to alter the Line of their Extension Railway, and to make a Branch Railway at Omagh; for authorizing certain Arrangements with the Ulster Railway Company and Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxii. An Act for making a Railway from the Stockport, Disley, and Whaley Bridge Railway in the Parish of Stockport and County of Chester to Hayfield in the County of Derby, and for other Purposes.

cxxiii. An Act to enable the London and Blackwall Railway Company to provide additional Station Accommodation and other Works connected with their Railway; to make a Branch Railway to the London Docks; to enter into Arrangements with certain other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cxxiv. An Act to enable the Salisbury and Yeovil Railway Company to make a Deviation from their authorized Main Line near Yeovil, and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

cxxv. An Act for vesting in a Body of Trustees, to be called "The Upper Mersey Dues Trustees," a certain Portion of the Liverpool Town and Anchorage Dues; and for other Purposes.

cxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, passed in the First and Tenth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to certain Roads and Bridges in the Counties of Lanark and Dumbarton.

cxxvii. An Act to enable the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon Railway Company to relinquish the Junction of their Line with the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway, and in substitution therefor to form a Junction with the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Railway.

cxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from Tenbury in the County of Worcester to the Severn Valley Railway near Bewdley in the County of Worcester.

cxxix. An Act to incorporate a Company for the Improvement of Buildings, and for other Purposes.

cxxx. An Act for extending the Time for the Completion of Portions of the Dorset Central Railway; for enabling the Somerset Central Railway Company to subscribe to the Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

cxxxi. An Act for making a Railway from Inverness to Invergordon, to be called "The Inverness and Ross-shire Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cxxxii. An Act to provide for Alterations in the Appointment of Overseers, Collectors, and other Poor Law Officers in the Township of Leeds; for the Incorporation of Overseers for specific Purposes; and for the levying and Collection of Poor Rates in that Township; and for other Purposes.

cxxxiii. An Act to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to make a Deviation in their authorized Railway, and to construct Railways to connect their Railway with the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon, and the Brecon and Merthyr Junction Railways; and for other Purposes.

cxxxiv. An Act to alter, amend, and extend the Powers of the Acts relating to the Port Carlisle Dock and Railway, and Carlisle and Silloth Bay Railway and Dock Companies; to enable the Port Carlisle Dock and Railway Company to raise additional Capital; to enable both or either of the said Companies to run over and use Portions of the Railways of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company; to compel the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Carlisle Railway Company to afford Facilities and Accommodation upon their Railways to the Traffic of the said Companies; and for other Purposes.

cxxxv. An Act to extend the Period limited by "The Swansea Harbour Act, 1859," for the Construction and Completion of the Works authorized by "The Swansea Harbour Act, 1854."

cxxxvi. An Act to empower the Stockport, Disley, and Whaley Bridge Railway Company to raise additional Money; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

cxxxvii. An Act for amending "The Abergavenny Improvement Act, 1854;" for enabling the Commissioners to construct Works, and supply their District with Water and Gas; and for other Purposes.

cxxxviii. An Act for renewing the Term and for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from the Marchburn, through Kelso in the County of Roxburgh, to Lauder in the County of Berwick, with a Branch from the said Road near Fansloanend in the County of Berwick, through the Village of Earlston, to the Roxburghshire Turnpike Road.

cxxxix. An Act for making a Branch Railway from the Oswestry and Newtown Railway at Llyncllys to the Porthywaen Lime Rocks in the County of Salop.

cxl. An Act to amalgamate the Jedburgh Railway Company with the North British Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

cxli. An Act for making a Railway from Llandrindod in the County of Radnor to Llandovery in the County of Carmarthen, to be called "The Central Wales Extension Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cxlii. An Act for making a Railway from the Royal Burgh of Bervie or Inverbervie in the County of Kincardine to the Montrose Branch of the Scottish North-eastern Railway in the County of Forfar, to be called "The Montrose and Bervie Railway."

cxliii. An Act to extend the Epping Railways to Great Dunmow in the County of Essex.

cxliv. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to acquire, make, and maintain certain Branch Railways to Lanark and to the Douglas Mineral Field, and also to their Granton Branch.

cxlv. An Act to enable the West of Fife Mineral Railway Company to extend the Kingseat Branch of their Railway; and for certain other Purposes.

cxlvi. An Act to repeal an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from Wimborne Minster to Blandford Forum in the County of Dorset, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof, and for other Purposes.

cxlvii. An Act for the Transfer of the remaining Property of the Hungerford Market Company and the Charing Cross Bridge Company respectively, to the Charing Cross Railway Company, and for the winding-up of the Affairs and the Dissolution of the Hungerford Market Company and the Charing Cross Bridge Company respectively, and for other Purposes.

cxlviii. An Act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the Town and District of Swansea to construct and maintain an improved System of Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

cxlix. An Act for making a Railway from the Chester and Holyhead Railway near Conway to Llanrwst.

cl. An Act to enable the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to erect Floating Bridges and other Works at Liverpool and Woodside, for improving the Communication between Liverpool and Birkenhead; and for other Purposes.

cli. An Act for making better Provision for the Maintenance, Regulation, and Improvement of Watchet Harbour; and for other Purposes.

clii. An Act to enable the Wimbledon and Dorking Railway Company to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

cliii. An Act for making a Railway from the Waterford and Kilkenny Railway at Kilkenny to the Great Southern and Western Railway at Mountrath, and for other Purposes.

cliv. An Act to consolidate into One Act, and to amend, extend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for embanking and draining certain Low Lands and Grounds in the Parishes or Townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley-on-the-Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham in the County of Nottingham, and to make further and better Provision for such Embankment and Drainage.

clv. An Act for making a Railway from Kilrush to Kilkee, and for embanking and reclaiming certain Waste Lands in the Estuary of Poulnasherry in the County of Clare.

clvi. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway and Docks and other Works on the North Side of Milford Haven in the County of Pembroke, and for other Purposes.

clvii. An Act for the Extension of the Waveney Valley Railway from Bungay to Beccles in Suffolk.

clviii. An Act for authorizing the Transfer of the Epsom and Leatherhead Railway, and for other Purposes.

clix. An Act to confer Powers on the North British Railway Company to enlarge their Station at Edinburgh, and with respect to the Carlisle Citadel Station.

clx. An Act to enable the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company to construct a Tramway to the Market Place at Limerick, and a Railway with a Pier or Wharf in connexion therewith at their Terminus at Waterford; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

clxi. An Act for authorizing a Lease in perpetuity of the Vale of Towy Railway to the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company, and for increasing the Capital of the Company, and for other Purposes.

clxii. An Act for making Railways for the Purpose of connecting Ryde with Ventnor and the East Coast of the Isle of Wight, and for other Purposes.

clxiii. An Act for making a Railway from Sudbury, through Melford, to Clare.

clxiv. An Act for making a Railway from the Vale of Clwyd Railway at Denbigh in the County of Denbigh to Corwen in the County of Merioneth, to be called "The Denbigh, Ruthin, and Corwen Railway."

clxv. An Act to repeal an Act, intituled An Act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Moy in the Counties of Mayo and Sligo in Ireland, and to grant other and further Powers for the Improvement of the said Navigation.

clxvi. An Act for making Railways between the London, Brighton, and South Coast and Direct Portsmouth Railways and Hayling Ferry, and for other Purposes.

clxvii. An Act to empower the Bradford, Wakefield, and Leeds Railway Company to construct a Railway to Ossett in the West Riding of the County of York; and for other Purposes.

clxviii. An Act for making an improved Communication between the Great Northern Railway and the Metropolitan Railway near the King's Cross Station, and for authorizing certain Arrangements between the Great Northern and Metropolitan Railway Companies with reference thereto.

clxix. An Act for incorporating and granting other Powers to "The Land Loan and Enfranchisement Company."

clxx. An Act to alter and amend "The Scottish Drainage and Improvement Company's Act, 1856."

clxxi. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make certain Alterations in their Coast Lines and in the Line of the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway, a new Channel for the River Arun, and other Works; and for other Purposes.

clxxii. An Act for enabling the Mid-Sussex and Midhurst Junction Railway Company to deviate a Portion of the authorized Line of the Mid-Sussex and Midhurst Junction Railway, 1859.

clxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Mid-Sussex and Midhurst Junction Railway to Petersfield in the County of Southampton.

clxxiv. An Act for the Transfer of the Farnborough Extension Railway to the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and for the Dissolution of the West End of London and Crystal Palace Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

clxxv. An Act for making a Railway from Llanidloes in the County of Montgomery to Pencader in the County of Carmarthen, and for other Purposes.

clxxvi. An Act for consolidating the Acts relating to the Widows Fund of the Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, for regulating the future Management of the said Fund, and for other Purposes.

clxxvii. An Act for enabling the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to extend their Railway Communications to the Metropolis; and for other Purposes connected with their Undertaking.

clxxviii. An Act to enable the Monkland Railways Company to make and maintain a Branch Railway to Shotts Ironworks, and certain other Branches and Works in the Counties of Lanark and Linlithgow; and for other Purposes.

clxxix. An Act for vesting the Hay Railway in the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon Railway Company, and for dissolving the Hay Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

clxxx. An Act for making a Railway from the Mid-Sussex Railway to the Godalming Branch of the London and South-western Railway at Guildford, to be called "The Horsham and Guildford Direct Railway."

clxxxi. An Act to confer upon the Local Board of Health for Macclesfield further Powers with reference to the Supply of Gas, and for other Purposes.

clxxxii. An Act to authorize the Lease or Sale of the Athenry and Tuam Railway to the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company, and for other Purposes.

clxxxiii. An Act for establishing Railway Communication between Bedford and Cambridge, and for other Purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act for confirming, with certain Variations, an Agreement made in the Year 1682 between the Masters of the Bench of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn and Henry Serle Esquire, and for the future Government and Regulation of Serle's Court, now commonly called New Square, Lincoln's Inn.

clxxxv. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to alter their Kingston Bridge Line; and for authorizing divers Arrangements between them and other Companies; and for other Purposes.

clxxxvi. An Act for enabling the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Wigan to abandon a Portion of their Waterworks, and to construct and maintain other Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

clxxxvii. An Act for the Creation of Capital Stocks and Debenture Stock of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and for other Purposes.

clxxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from Llangollen in the County of Denbigh to Corwen in the County of Merioneth, and for other Purposes.

clxxxix. An Act for providing and constructing Markets, Market Places, and Slaughterhouses, with all necessary Conveniences, within the Parishes of Burnham, and Huntspill in the County of Somerset, and for supplying and lighting with Gas the Town or Hamlet of Highbridge and the Parishes or Places adjacent, all in the County of Somerset.

cxc. An Act for the improving of the Navigation of the River Fergus, and the embanking and reclaiming from the Sea of Waste Lands subject to be overflowed by the Tide on the Eastern and Western Sides of the River in the County of Clare.

cxci. An Act for converting Part of the River Brue into a Tidal Harbour, for making a Quay or Landing Place at Burnham in the County of Somerset, for regulating the Access thereto, and for other Purposes.

cxcii. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Aylesbury to join the Buckinghamshire Railway at near the Claydon Junction, to be called "The Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway," and for other Purposes.

cxciii. An Act to establish at Smithfield in the City of London a Metropolitan Market for Meat, Poultry, and other Provisions; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

cxciv. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session, "for incorporating and granting other Powers to 'The Land Loan and Enfranchisement Company.'"

cxcv. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Border Counties Railway Company with the North British Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxcvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Western Railway to the Town of Faringdon, to be called "The Faringdon Railway."

cxcvii. An Act for forming a new Street and Railway to connect the Metropolitan Railway with the proposed Meat Market at Smithfield in the City of London, with a Depot and Storehouses, and for other Purposes.

cxcviii. An Act to enable the Hamilton and Strathaven Railway Company to create Preference Shares; to extend the Time for completing their Line; and for other Purposes.

cxcix. An Act to extend the Time for the Completion of the Forest of Dean Central Railway, and for other Purposes.

cc. An Act for making a Railway from the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland to the Limerick and Ennis Railway, to be called "The Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway," and for other Purposes.

cci. An Act for more effectually making, maintaining, and keeping in repair the Highways, Roads, and Bridges within the County of Caithness, and for other Purposes.

ccii. An Act to revive some of the Powers of "The Galway Harbour and Port Act, 1853," and to confer additional Powers on the Galway Harbour Commissioners, and for other Purposes.

cciii. An Act to incorporate a Company for making Railways in the West Part of the County of Cork, and for other Purposes.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE QUEEN'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. An Act for the Sale of certain Estates at Gibraltar held on the Trusts of the Will of John Maria Boschetti deceased, and for the Investment of the Proceeds thereof in this Country.

2. An Act to incorporate the Governors of the Hospital in Edinburgh founded by Daniel Stewart, and to amend and explain his Trust Settlement.

3. An Act for the better leasing of the Walworth Manor Estate in the Parish of Newington in the County of Surrey to the respective Trustees of the Wills of Samuel Brandon deceased and Thomas Brandon deceased, and for Exchanges and a Partition, and other Purposes.

4. An Act for the Sale of the Settled Estates in the Counties of Sligo and Galway of John Lord De Freyne, and for the Purchase of Estates in the County of Roscommon, to be limited to the Uses of those Settled Estates.

5. An Act to enable the Trustees of Lord Beauchamp's Charity to purchase the Right of Nomination to the Chapelry of Newland in the County of Worcester, and to vest in them the Site of the Church or Chapel of Newland.

6. An Act for granting further Power to lease for Building and Improving Purposes certain Parts of the Estates situate in the County of Dublin of Sir Charles Compton William Baronet, and to accept Surrenders of Leases of such Portions of the said Estates, and for other Purposes.

7. An Act to vary or extend certain borrowing Powers contained in the Settlement of the Duke of Norfolk's Estates, and for other Purposes.

8. An Act for amending the Powers of Leasing contained in the Will of the Right Honourable Edward Michael late Earl of Longford and Baron Silchester deceased, and for other Purposes.

9. An Act for authorizing the raising of Money for Payment of Incumbrances on the Estates in the Counties of Roscommon and Sligo and Queen's County of which the Right Honourable Robert Viscount Lorton is Tenant for Life in Possession, by Mortgage instead of Sale.

PRIVATE ACT,

NOT PRINTED.

10. An Act for naturalizing Charles Maria Joseph Livy Anthony James Joachim Levingstone Bandini Giustiniani, Caroline Maria Elena Gioacchina Bandini Giustiniani, and Elena Maria Concetta Isabella Gioacchina Guiseppa Bandini Giustiniani, the infant Children of Sigismund Nicholas Venantius Gaietano Francis Bandini Giustiniani Esquire, commonly called Viscount Kynnaird Marquess Bandini in the Roman States, the only Son and Heir Apparent of Maria Cecilia Agatha Anna Josepha Laurentia Donata Melchiora Balthassara Gaspara Countess of Newburgh.

London: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queens most Excellent Majesty. 1860.

I.

Anno Regni VICTORIAE, Britanniarum Reginae,

Vicesimo Tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Thirty-first Day of May, Anno Domini 1859, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady VICTORIA, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith: And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Twenty-fourth Day of January 1860; being the Second Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages in the Chapel of Saint Mary in Rydal in the County of Westmoreland.

[12th March 1860.]

WHEREAS the Chapel of Saint Mary in Rydal in the Parish of Grasmere in the County of Westmoreland, and formerly in the Diocese of Chester, but transferred in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-six from that Diocese to the Diocese of Carlisle, was erected in or before the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, and was duly consecrated in that Year for the Performance of Divine Service therein: And whereas divers Marriages have been solemnized in the said Chapel under the Opinion that according to the Terms of the Sentence of Consecration of the said Chapel, or otherwise, Marriages might be lawfully solemnized therein, and Entries of the said Marriages so solemnized have been from Time to Time made in the Register Books kept at the said Chapel, in compliance with the Provisions concerning Registry of Marriages: And whereas it is expedient, under the Circumstances aforesaid, to confirm the Marriages so solemnized: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Marriages heretofore solemnised in Chapel of St Mary in Rydal declared valid.]

I. All Marriages heretofore solemnized in the said Chapel, and the Publication of Banns in such Chapel previous to any such Marriage, shall be and be deemed to have been as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if such Marriages had been solemnized and such Publication of Banns had taken place in the Parish Church of Grasmere.

2 23° VICTORIAE, c. 1, 2.

[Ministers having solemnized such Marriages indemnified.]

II. No Minister who has solemnized any of the said Marriages shall be liable to any Ecclesiastical Censures, or to any other Proceedings or Penalties whatsoever, by reason of his having so solemnized the same respectively.

[Registers of such Marriages, or Copies thereof, to he Evidence.]

III. The Registers of the Marriages so solemnized, or Copies of such Registers, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively, in the same Manner as Registers of Marriages in Parish Churches, or Copies thereof, are by Law receivable in Evidence.

CAP. II.

An Act to apply the Sum of Four hundred and seven thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

[12th March 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[There shall be applied, to make good the Deficiency in the Grants for the Year ended 31st Mar. 1859, the Sum of 407,649l. out of the Consolidated Fund.]

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Deficiency in the Grants for the Service of the Year ended the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, the Sum of Four hundred and seven thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

[The Treasury may cause 407,649l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1., 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.]

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four hundred and seven thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

[The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.]

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act

[Interest on Exchequer Bills.]

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Moneys respectively contained therein.

23° VICTORIA, c. 2, 3. 3

[Bank of England may advance 407,649l. on the Credit of this Act notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.]

V. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four hundred and seven thousand six hundred and Forty-nine Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.]

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

[Moneys raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.]

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

[Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing produce of the Consolidated Fund.]

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as. shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. III.

An Act to apply the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

[23d March 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

4 23° VICTORIA, c. 3.

[There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1860 the Sum of 4,500,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund.]

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

[The Treasury may cause 4,500,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G.3. c.l., 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.]

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

[The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.]

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

[Interest on Exchequer Bills.]

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

[Bank of England may advance 4,500,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.]

V. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.]

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

---

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer

23° VICTORIA, c. 3, 4. 5

chequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

15 & 16 Vict. 63.

CAP. IV.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to defray One Moiety of the Expense of the annual Revision of the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland out of the Consolidated Fund.

[23d March 1860.]

WHEREAS the Tenement Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland, made and revised in pursuance of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-three, and of an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Eight, is now used as the 17 & is Vict.

Basis of public general as well as local Taxation in Ireland, and it is expedient to provide c- 8 *

that One Moiety of the Expense of the annual Revision of such Valuation shall be defrayed out of the Public Funds, and otherwise to amend the Laws relating thereto: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the First Day of April One Commence-thousand eight hundred and sixty. ment of Act-

II. From and after the Commencement of this Act it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and they are hereby authorized to order and direct that such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required for defraying the Costs and Expenses of and incident to the annual Revision of the Tenement Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland, made or to be made under the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland, or to be incurred by the Commissioner of Valuation in carrying out the Provisions of this Act, shall be advanced quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. The Commissioner of Valuation, and all other Persons heretofore appointed or Commissioner acting under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall, and they arc ^ntinue hereby respectively authorized and required to continue to discharge and execute their con mu several Duties and Offices for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into execution, without any further or other Appointment thereto, until the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall otherwise direct.

IV. Upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such Commissioner of Valuation, or Power to Trea-any other Commissioner of Valuation hereafter to be appointed, it shall be lawful for the commissio^r Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to nominate and appoint One of Valuation, other fit and proper Person to be Commissioner of Valuation for the several Counties in &c-Ireland, who shall hold such Office during the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners,

and who shall carry into effect the Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act, at such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Regulations as such Commissioners of Her Majesty 8 Treasury shall order or appoint

V. It shall be lawful for any such Commissioner of Valuation continued or appointed Commissioner

under this Act, with the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, upon ^f g^.n to

the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any of the other Persons aforesaid continued by this veyore, Writing Act, to appoint from Time to Time such Person or Persons as he may deem necessary to Clerks, &c.

Power to Treasury to advance Money towards the Expense of annual Revision of the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland.

Valuation Lists may be in the Form annexed to this Act

As to the Valuation of Mills, &c. c.

Proportion of Expense to be paid by Counties, &c., as provided by 15 & 16 Vict. c. 63.

Commissioner authorized to supply Copies of Valuations and Maps to Landed Estates Court, and other Courts or Persons, and to charge Fees for same, &c.

Copies of Valuation to be received as Evidence.

Power to obtain Decision of Superior Courts on Questions of Law.

23° VICTORIA, c. 4.

assist him in carrying into effect the Provisions of the said Acts, and from Time to Time to remove any such Person or Persons, and to appoint any other Person or Persons to act in the Place and Stead of the Person or Persons so removed; and such Person or Persons so continued or to be appointed shall be entitled to receive such Salary, with such Allowances for Travelling, Hotel, and other Expenses, not exceeding the Salary and Allowances fixed by the said first-recited Act, ns may from Time to Time be fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and on the Discontinuance of his or their Office or Offices, or Removal therefrom, such Person or Persons shall be entitled to such Superannuation, Pension, or Allowance as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may determine.

VI. The Lists of Valuation, and of every Revision thereof, which the said Commissioner of Valuation is by the said Acts, or either of them, required to make out and transmit to the Guardians of any Union, or to the Town Council of any Borough, or to the Treasurer of any County, shall be in the Form specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or in such other Form as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time approve of; and such Lists may be wholly or in part in Print or Writing; and no Alteration shall be made in any such List or Lists, or in the Name of any Occupier or Lessor named therein, save by the Commissioner of Valuation, or by some Person duly authorized by him for that Purpose, or by the Order of a Court of General or Quarter Sessions upon Appeal, or other Court of competent Jurisdiction: Provided, that for the Purpose of any Poor Rate, the Guardians of any Union may make such Departure, not affecting Value, from the Particulars contained in the said Lists, as may be necessary, at the Time of making the Rate, to enable them to make a valid Rating under the Laws in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland, subject to such Appeal as is now by Law provided, and any such Departure shall be forthwith reported by the Guardians to the Commissioner of Valuation.

VII. In making the Valuation of any Mill or Manufactory, or Building erected or used for any such Purpose, the Commissioner of Valuation shall in each Case value the Water or other Motive Power thereof, but shall not take into account the Value of any Machinery therein, save only such as shall be erected and used for the Production of Motive Power.

VIII. One Moiety of the Expenses incurred in defraying the Cost and Expenses aforesaid, and of the total Amount expended in carrying out the Provisions of this Act, except as regards Superannuations, Pensions, or Allowances, shall be repaid to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and shall be levied and raised in like Manner as is provided by the Thirty-ninth Section of the said recited Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-three, for the Payment of the Expenses in that Act mentioned.

IX. The Commissioner of Valuation is hereby authorized to supply Copies and Extracts of the Valuation and all Revisions thereof, and of all Field Books and Documents relating thereto, and Copies from Maps or Plans and Portions thereof in his Custody, to the Landed Estates Court, Ireland, and to all other Courts, public Bodies, and Individuals requiring the same, and to charge for the same according to a Scale of Fees to be approved of by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, which Fees shall be from Time to Time accounted for and applied in such Manner as the said Commissioners may direct; and every such Copy or Extract, signed by the Commissioner of Valuation, or by such Person as he shall from Time to Time depute for that Purpose, shall be deemed and taken to be a true Copy until the contrary is shown, and shall and may be received and given in Evidence in all Suits and other Proceedings, without Proof or Oath, in like Manner as if the Original was produced and proved.

X. And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for obtaining the Decision 6 of a Superior Court on any Question of Law which may arise in relation to the Acts i relating to the Valuation or Revision of Rateable Property in Ireland Be it enacted, That within Three Months after the Hearing and Decision by any Court of General or Quarter Sessions of any Appeal which may be made under the Provisions of said recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act against any Valuation or Exemption, the Commissioner of Valuation or any other Party to such Appeal, if dis-satisfied with the Decision of such Court, may, by

23° VICTORIA, c. 4. 7

Notice in Writing, signed by the said Commissioner, or by such other Party, or by the Attorney of such Commissioner or other Party, require the Chairman of such Court of Chairman of General or Quarter Sessions to state and sign a Case, setting forth the Facts and the Grounds of such Decision, for the Opinion thereon of One of the Superior Courts of Law Case for'Y at Dublin; and such Chairman shall state such Case in Writing, and sign the same, and Opinion of transmit it to the Commissioner of Valuation within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt of Superior Court, such Notice; and such Commissioner shall transmit the same to One of the Superior Courts of Law at Dublin, first giving Notice in Writing of such Appeal, with a Copy of the Case so stated and signed, to the other Party to the Proceedings in respect of which the Decision was given, or to the Attorney (if any) who shall have appealed for such Party at such Court of General or Quarter Sessions.

XI. The Superior Court to which a Case is transmitted under this Act shall hear and Power to determine the Question or Questions of Law arising thereon, and shall thereupon reverse, ^d^de^ch* affirm, or amend the Decision in respect of which the Case has been stated, or remit the Questions as Matter to the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, with the Decision of such Superior Court may be referred thereon, or may make such other Order in relation to the Matter, and as to the Costs thereof, theret0-

as to such Superior Court may seem fit, and all such Orders shall be final and conclusive on all Parties; and such Superior Court may send back the Case for Amendment, and thereupon the same shall be amended by such Chairman accordingly, and Judgment shall be delivered after it shall have been so amended: Provided always, that the Decision of the Decision of Court of General or Quarter Sessions shall be binding and conclusive on all Parties, and ^arto b<f* shall be acted on, notwithstanding the Pendency of any such Case, until such Decision shall binding until

have been reversed or altered by the Decision of such Superior Court. the Decision of

Superior Court.

XII. The Authority and Jurisdiction hereby vested in a Superior Court may (subject to No Writ of any Rules and Orders of such Court in relation thereto) be exercised by a Judge of such Ccf^orarire-Court sitting in Chamber, as well in Vacation as in Term Time; and no Writ of Certiorari q

or other Writ shall be required for the Removal from the Court of General or Quarter Sessions of any Appeal, Order, or Decision in relation to which a Case is stated, under this Act or otherwise, for obtaining the Judgment or Decision of the Superior Court on such Case under this Act; and the Judges of such Superior Court, or any Two or more of them, of whom the Chief of such Court shall be One, may, from Time to Time, and as often as they shall see Occasion, make and alter Rules and Orders to regulate the Practice and Proceedings in reference to the Cases herein-before mentioned.

XIII. From and after the Commencement of this Act, the Provisions contained in the Provisions of Thirteenth Section of the Act Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-three, and all other Acts or Part of Acts in anywise relating to the Valuation or Revision of the Act repealed. Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland, which may be inconsistent with this Act, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

[Actstobecon-

XIV. This Act, and the several Acts relating to the Valuation of Rateable Property in Ireland, and also an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty, toge CT* Chapter Sixty-three, intituled An Act to amend the Act relating to Grand Juries in Ireland, shall be construed together, and deemed and taken as One Act.

[Short Title.]

XV. It shall be sufficient for all Purposes to cite this Act as " The Annual Revision of Rateable Property (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1860."

8 23° VICTORIA, c. 4, 5.

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

GENERAL VALUATION OF RATEABLE PROPERTY IN IRELAND. County of __________

Barony of__________ Parish of__________

Union of__________ Electoral Division of

NAHE8. Total Annual ' Valuation. Amount of Rate at per £. Arrears of former Rates (if any).

Description of Area. Total. Total.

Townlands and Occupiers. Immediate Lessors. Tenement. Land. Buildings.

KNOCKMAHON. A. R. P. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s.d.

(Ord. S. 20.)

James Jackson - In Fee Ho., Offices, & 120 3 20 130 0 0 50 0 0 180 0 0

Land.

William Richards, James Jackson - House and Land 50 0 0 20 0 0 5 0 0 25 0 0

John Acheson Same Land 40 2 0 30 0 0 — 30 0 0

Samuel Smith John Acheson - House - — 1 0 0 1 0 0

Mining Co. of Ire- In Fee - Engine House — — 50 0 0 50 0 0

land (Pobt. Heron, & Offs.

Secretary). Copper Mine - — — — 2,000 0 0

Great S.&W. Railway Co. (William In Fee - Railway (200 lineal Perches). 3 0 15 — — 300 0 0

Taylor, Secretary). 200 lineal Perches Tele-

Magnetic Telegraph Co. (Thos. H. In Fee - — — — 10 0 0

Sanger, Superintendent). graph Wire.

John Smith - James Jackson- Salmon Fishery — — — 100 0 0

William Jameson - ft Land 92 1 10 90 0 0 90 0 0

James Murphy William Jameson Cottier's House — — 0 15 0 0 15 0

James Murphy Turbary — — — 10 0 0

Total 306 3 5 270 0 0 106 15 0 2, 796 15 0 i i

Dated at the Office of the General *1

Valuation of Ireland, Dublin, > A.B.y Commissioner of Valuation.

this Day of 18 J

CAP. V.

An Act to regulate Probate and Administration with respect to certain Indian Government Securities; to repeal certain Stamp Duties; and to extend the Operation of the Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of Victoria, Chapter Thirty-nine, to Indian Bonds.

[23d March 1860.]

WHEREAS at various Times the Executive Government of India has raised Moneys for the Public Service by the Issue of Government Promissory Notes and by Government Loans severally payable in India, and by various public Notifications of the said Government, or Regulations to be made by the Secretary of State in Council, the Owners of such Notes have been or may be allowed the Privilege of having the current Interest thereon made payable in London by Drafts payable in India, and the Holders or Owners of Shares or Portions of such Loans have been or may be allowed the Privilege of having the same registered and made transferable, and the Interest thereon made payable in London: And whereas upon the Death of the Holders of Notes as to which the said

9

23° VICTORIAE. c. 5.

Privilege shall have been claimed Questions may arise as to the Place in which the same ' are properly to be deemed Assets of the deceased Owner, and it is for the Convenience and advantage of the Estates of such Persons that the same should be deemed Assets in this Country and not in India: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, Section Five, the Transfer of any Part of the Territorial Debt of the East India Company in India in the Books of the said Company in England, whether

upon a Sale thereof or otherwise, was made chargeable with a Stamp Duty of One Pound

Ten Shillings, and it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as imposes the said Stamp Duty: And whereas under the Authority of various Acts of Parliament the East India Company were empowered to raise Money upon Bonds to be issued under their Common Seal, and the said Bonds formerly constituted the Bond Debt of the East India Company, and are commonly designated East India Bonds: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, Section Sixty-seven, all Liabilities of the ' East India Company were transferred to the Secretary of State in Council: And whereas ' by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Thirty-nine, Power was given

to the Secretary of State in Council to raise Money by Bonds or Debentures or the Creation of a Capital Stock or Annuities upon or for the Repayment of any Principal (Money secured under the Authority of the said Act or of either of the Acts therein recited: (And whereas it is expedient to extend such Power of raising Money to the Repayment of 6 any of the East India Bonds aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

L All Indian Government Promissory Notes, and Certificates issued or Stock created in lieu thereof, being Assets of a deceased Person, the Interest whereon or in respect of which shall be payable in London by Drafts payable in India, and which at the Decease of the Owner thereof shall have been registered in the Books of the Secretary of State in Council in London, or in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or shall have been enfaced in India for the Purpose of being so registered before the Decease of the Owner thereof, and all Indian Government Promissory Notes issued with Coupons attached which, under such Regulations and Conditions as may be determined from Time to Time by the Secretary of State in Council, shall be so registered, and all Certificates issued or Stock created in lieu thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be Personal Estate and Bona notabilia of such deceased Person in England, and Probate or Letters of Administration in England, or Confirmation granted in Scotland, and sealed with the Seal of the Principal Court of Probate in England, in pursuance of the Provisions of the " Confirmation and Probate Act, 1858," shall be valid and sufficient to constitute the Persons therein named the legal Personal Representatives of the Deceased with respect to such Notes and Moneys as aforesaid.

II. So much of the Fifth Section of the said first-recited Act as enacts that every Transfer of any Part of the said Territorial Debt in the Books of the East India Company in England, whether upon a Sale thereof or otherwise, shall be chargeable with a Stamp Duty of One Pound Ten Shillings and no more, is hereby repealed; and no Transfer of any Part of the said Territorial Debt or of Indian Government Loans registered and transferable in the Books of the Secretary of State in Council in London, or in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

III. Upon or for the Repayment of any Principal Money secured by the said Bonds, the Secretary of State in Council may at any Time borrow or raise, by all or any of the Modes authorized by the said recited Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-nine, all or any Part of the Principal Money so repaid or to be repaid, and so from Time to Time as all or any Part of the Principal Money secured by the said Bonds may have been repaid or require to be repaid, but the Amount to be charged upon the Revenues of India shall not in any Case exceed the Principal Money repaid or required to be repaid; and the Provisions of the said recited

23 Vict. B Act

Indian Government Notes on which Interest is payable in London, and certain Indian Government Promissory Notes, to be deemed Bona notabilia in England.

Probate, &c. or Confirmation granted in Scotland valid, &c.

Transfers of Territorial Debt and of Indian Government Loans not chargeable with Stamp Duty.

Power to raise Money under Act 22 & 23 Vict. c. 39. extended to Repayment of East India Bonds.

23° VICTORIA, c. 5, 6.

Act with reference to the Creation of the Capital Stock and Annuities created under the Authority of the said Act, and with reference to the Issue, Payment, and Transfer of the Capital Stock, Annuities, Bonds, and Debentures issued under the Authority of the said Act, shall be held to be in force and to apply to the Creation, Issue, Payment, and Transfer of the Capital Stock, Annuities, Bonds, and Debentures created and issued under the Authority of this Act.

CAP. VI.

An Act to transfer to the Postmaster General Securities entered into with the Commissioners of the Admiralty in relation to the Packet Service.

[23d March 1860.]

WHEREAS it has been deemed expedient that the Superintendence and Management of the Business relating to the Packets and other Vessels employed in conveying

the Mails and Letters by Sea should be transferred from the Department of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to that of the Postmaster General, and it is therefore necessary, for the 6 Security of the Public, to provide for the Transfer to the said Postmaster General of all the Interests, Powers, and Authorities at present existing in the said Commissioners by 1 virtue of Contracts, Bonds, and other Securities taken in their Department, so far as relates

to the Packet Service and the Persons employed therein Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Power* of the Commissioners of the Admiralty under Contracts in relation to the Packet Service transferred to the Postmaster General.

I. From and after the passing of this Act all the Interests, Rights, Powers, and Authorities at present existing in the said Commissioners, or which might hereafter upon any Contingencies or otherwise become vested in the said Commissioners or their Successors, under any Contracts entered into with the said Commissioners or any of their Predecessors in Office, or with any Person on their Behalf, by any Body Corporate, Company, or Person, for the Conveyance by Sea of Mails and Letters by Steam Boats or other Ships or Vessels, or otherwise in relation to the Packet Service, or under any Bond or other Security given for the due Execution of any such Contract, and also under any Bond or other Security entered into by any Agent, Officer, or other Person hitherto employed under the said Commissioners in relation to the Packet Service, or entered into by any Sureties, either for the due Execution of any such Contract, or for the due Execution of the Duty of any such Agent, Officer, or other Person employed as aforesaid, shall be transferred to and vested in the said Postmaster General for the Time being, and shall be acted on, enforced, and carried into effect by such Postmaster General in the same Manner as if he had been contracted with and named in all such Contracts, Bonds, and Securities respectively instead of the said Commissioners; and all the Orders and Directions of the said Postmaster General shall be as fully observed, obeyed, and performed by the Contractors, and by the said Agents and Officers respectively, as if the same had proceeded from and been issued and given by the raid Commissioners, and their Powers in relation to the Packet Service had remained in full Force.

23° VICTORIA, c. 7

11

CAP. VII.

An Act to amend the Medical Acts.

[23d March 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety, intituled " The Medical Act," Provision is made for the Registration of Members of the Medical Profession, and the said Act was

amended by an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one; and certain Disabilities are imposed by the said Acts, after a Period

mentioned therein, on Members of that Profession who are not then registered: And whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be amended as herein-after men-c tioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the passing of this Act the Diploma or Licence in Surgery, granted by any University of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, legally authorized to grant the same, shall be considered a sufficient Qualification to practise under the said first-recited Act, and every Person to whom such Diploma or Licence has been granted shall be entitled to be registered under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, in the like Manner, and with the like Effect, and subject to the like Provisions as are prescribed by the said first-recited Act in respect of the Registration of any Master in Surgery of any University of the United Kingdom.

II. The Powers given to the Medical Council in the said first-recited Act with respect to the Studies and Examinations required for obtaining a Qualification under the said Act shall be extended to the Studies and Examinations required for a Qualification under this Act.

21 & 22 Vict C. 90.

22 Vict c. 21.

Licentiates in Surgery of any University in Ireland entitled to be registered under first-recited Act in like Manner as Masters in Surgery.

Certain Powers given to Medical Council extended to this Act

III. The First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one shall be deemed to be substituted in Sections Thirty-two, Thirty-four, Thirty-six, and Thirty-seven respectively of the said first-recited Act, as the same are amended by the said second-recited Act, for the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, so far as the same relate to any Person authorized to be registered under this Act; and the said several Sections, as so amended, and all the Provisions of the said Act having reference thereto, shall, with respect to any such Person so authorized to be registered under this Act, be construed and take effect as if the Words " the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one " had been originally inserted in each of the said Sections instead of the Words IC the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine."

IV. No Person authorized to be registered under this Act who shall be acting as Medical Officer under an Order of the Poor Law Commissioners, or Poor Law Board, shall by reason of the said recited Acts, or either of them, be or be deemed to have been disqualified to hold such Office, or any Appointment mentioned in Section Thirty-six of the said first-recited Act, unless he shall have failed to be registered on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

Y. The said recited Acts and this Act shall be construed together as One Act

VI. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " The Medical Acts Amendment Act, 1860"

1st Jan. 1861 to be substituted in Sections 32. 34.

36. and 37. of first-recited Act, for 1st July 1859, so far as relates to Persons authorized to be registered under this Act

No Person authorized to be registered disqualified to hold certain (Iffices, unless he has failed to be registered.

Recited Acts and this Act to be as one.

[Short Title.]

Administering Poison, &c. with Intent to endanger Life or inflict grievous bodily Harm to be Felony.

Any Person maliciously administering Poison, &c. with Intent to injure any other Person, to be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Persons charged with Felony may be found by Jury guilty of Misdemeanor.

23° VICTORIA, c. 8, 9.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the unlawful administering of Poison.

[23d March 1860.]

WHEREAS the present Law has been found insufficient to protect Persons from the ' unlawful administering of Poison, except in Cases where the Intent is to commit

Murder:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That whosoever shall unlawfully and maliciously administer to or cause to be administered to or taken by any other Person any Poison or other destructive or noxious Thing so as thereby to endanger the Life of such Person, or so as thereby to inflict upon suen Person any grievous bodily Harm, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable to be sentenced to Penal Servitude for any Period not exceeding Ten Years and not less than Three Years, or to Imprisonment for any Term not more than Three Years, with or without Hard Labour, at the Discretion of the Court.

II. Whosoever shall unlawfully and maliciously administer to or cause to be administered to or taken by any other Person any Poison or other destructive or noxious Thing with Intent to injure, aggrieve, or annoy such Person, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable to be sentenced to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Three Years, with or without Hard Labour, at the Discretion of the Court, and the Costs and Expenses of the Prosecution of any such Misdemeanor may be allowed by the Court as in Cases of Felony.

III. If, upon the Trial of any Person charged with the Felony above mentioned, the Jury shall not be satisfied that such Person is guilty thereof, but shall be satisfied that he is guilty of the Misdemeanor above mentioned, then and in every such Case the J ury may acquit the Accused of such Felony, and find him guilty of such Misdemeanor, and thereupon the Delinquent shall be liable to be punished in the same Manner as if convicted upon an Indictment for the Misdemeanor.

CAP. IX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[31st March 1860.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of ' Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of c Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the ' United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces

should consist of One hundred and forty-three thousand three hundred and sixty-two Men,

exclusive of Thirteen thousand four hundred and twenty Officers and Men, being the

Depdts of Regiments in India stationed in Great Britain, and exclusive of the Officers ' and Men belonging to the Regiments and other Corps employed in Her Majesty's East Indian Possessions, but including the Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies ' recruiting for those Regiments and Corps: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of f Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this i Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers, and ' according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being i requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty, that an exact

Discipline

13

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of ' good Order and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punish-c ment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Army, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary-at-War to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishments as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made

Punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the 'revisions of this Act.

II. All the Previsions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, other than Officers and Soldiers belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Officers and Soldiers belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces, while such Officers or Soldiers shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and to Persons who are or shall be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Military Store Department, and to Master Gunners, and to Conductors of Stores, and to the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving on the Commissariat Staff or in the Commissariat Staff Corps, and to Persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Army at home or abroad, under the Command of any Commissioned Officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five,) to any Out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on Duty in aid of the Civil Power, or for Muster or Inspection, or who having volunteered their Services for that Purpose shall be'kept on Duty m any Fort, Town, or Garrison, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been or shall be given by any Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, but that all such Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

III. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also as to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison,

or

Articles of War made by Her Majesty to be judicially taken notice of, and Copies printed by the Queen's Printer to be transmitted to Judges, &c.

Persons subject to this Act.

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

Colonial and Foreign Troops in Her Majesty's Pay to be subject to Provisions of this Act.

Provision as to the Militia and Yeomanry Corps.

Power to constitute Courts-martial.

Place where Offenders may be tried.

Towers of

General

Courts-martial.

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

23° VICTORIAE, c. 9.

or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also as to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

IV. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in possession of or occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from Her Majesty (other than Officers and Soldiers belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces when out of the United Kingdom) shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into Great Britain or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

V. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only where by any Act for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such Forces or Corps.

VI. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and against the Articles of War to Justice, Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the said Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Troops belonging to Her Majesty's Array, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles9 as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command: Provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas where a Field Officer i£ not in Command, in which Case a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial.

VII. Any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or in any other Place whereto he may have come or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VIII. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; but no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein.

IX. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

X. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act

XI. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

XII. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Troops serving in any Place beyond Seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a General Court-martial, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army of which such Detachment or Portion forms Part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIII. All General and other Courts-martial shall administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, or Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions, in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, had neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

XIV. No Officer or Soldier, who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect

15

Powers of Regimental or Detachment Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in Troop Ships, &c.

Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.

As to swearing and summoning of Witnesses.

No second Trial for the same Offence, but Revision may be allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

Judgment of Death may be commuted for Penal Servitude or other Punishments.

Embezzlement, &c. of Stores punishable by Penal Servitude.

23° VICTORIAE, /c 9.

respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Coutt on any Revision.

XV. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in any Forces belonging to Her Majesty's Army, or Her Majesty's Indian Arni}r, or Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison* Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert. Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded; Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier attested/or or in Pay in any Regiment or Corps, who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Regiment or Corps, may be deemed to have deserted He* Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

XVI. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

XVII. Any Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Army, or any Person employed in the War Department, or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Army or for Her Majesty's Use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and; Damage sustained, and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court m

Her

17

23° VICTORIAE, c. 9.

Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

XVIII. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death passed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland\ or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland\ then by the Secretary-at-War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Penal Servitude of other Offenders; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such* Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape or returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

XIX. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was

23 Vict. C so

As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servitude in the United Kingdom.

As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servitude in the Colonies.

A Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment.

Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment for Imprisonment, «c.

Power to commute a Sentence of Cashiering.

Marking

Deserters.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall according to such Directions undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had beeb sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, daring the Term of his Penal Servitude, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

XX. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if m any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for the same or such lesser Term as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

XXI. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer oorn^ manding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

XXII. Any Court-martial may sentence any soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect olf Duty, but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Regimental Court-martial shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination herein-before mentioned, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the General or other Officer commanding the District or Station in which the Court may be held; and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

XXIII. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

XXIV. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement

XXV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of Cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may

be deemed expedient.

XXVI. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter

not

19

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen, and not liable to be obliterated.

XXVII. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, but such Solitary Confinement shall not exceed the Periods prescribed by the Articles of Wir; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and with or without Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

XXVIII. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-Martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award a Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude, for the Offence for which he is under Trial, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

XXIX. It shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War to set apart any Buildings now erected or which may hereafter he erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building or any Two or more Buildings shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison which, under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary-at-War; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor, or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person or Persons as the Secretary-at-War may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the Secretary-at-War may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the Secretary-at-War shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the Secretary-at-War, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governor, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

XXX. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal,

C 2 Gaoler,

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

As to Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence for previous Offences.

Regulations as to Military Prisons.

As to the Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.

Proviso for Removal of IVisonera.

Provision for Subsistence of Soldiers when imprisoned in Common Gaols.

Expiration of Imprisonment of Soldiers in Common Gaols.

Apprehension of Deserters in the United Kingdom.

': , 1 Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Plaoe of Confinement wither without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according* to the Senteaqe of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, Or until he be discharged delivered over to Military Custody l^fore the Expiration hf that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are oh 'the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol ', Houso of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer Commanding such Troops.

XXXI. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a ^qurt-maartial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's poqunions, it shall be lawfol for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or for, the Officer commanding the .District, Garrison, Island^ or Colony, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over tn Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to .undergo the Rqmainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose pfbefog brought before; a Coujrt-niartfol either as a Witness or for Trial; and such Prisoner qha^accow on the Produqtfon of, such Order, be discharged or be delivered over, as, the 0a6e may be: Provided also, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

XXXII. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House Of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a CourtrU&rtfol or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries aeeoKding to the Regulations, of swph Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland One Shilling per Diem, andrin other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions Sixpence per Diem; which the Secretary-at-War shall-cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally sltuafod, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of One Shilling or <of Sixpence per Diem, as the Case may be, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

XXXIII. Every Gaoler or Keeper-of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, <ir

other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall hiiVc Reason to know or believe, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil dr Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imnrisodmdnt, shall give, if in Great Britain to the Secretary-at-War, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, One Monthfa Notice of the/Period' of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not he sufficient Time for a Month's Notice then the longest practicable Notice thereof.

XXXIV. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it . shall be lawful f&r any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any OfficOr' Or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before* any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry and to remand the said suspected Person in the Mariner prescribed by an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained, and if it shall appear

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Poiibe Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person wa3 appro-bonded or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment or Corps in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary-at-War, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or Corps, or to the Party of his Regiment or Corps, in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Regiment or Corps, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary-at-War, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary-at-War a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and scoured j and the Secretary-at-War shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the Secretary-at-War shall te satisfied they are entitled to according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and idso Upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary-at-War, and transmit also to the Secretary-at-War a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that such Secretary-at-War may order Repayment of such Fees; and when any such Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment or Corps to which ho is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or, if the Regiment or Corps be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post if within reasonable Distance, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in ^very Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, ami proceeded against according to Law.

XXXV. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on.Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall haye been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary-at-War, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted, <j>n the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

impir norm .....

111 "XXXVI. Any Recruit for Her Majesty's Aatny who shall desert before joining the j Reglrttoht or Corps for which he has enlisted ahull, on being apprehended, and committed for mich Desertion by aaj Justice of the Peace upon dm Testimony of Quo or more Wjft-

nesses

21

In Her Majesty's Foreiga Dominions.

As to the temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits prior to joining their Regiments or Corps.

Furlough iu case of Sickness.

No Person acquitted or convicted by the Civil Magistrate or by a Jury to be tried by a Court-martial for the same Offence.

Soldiers liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony, Misdemeanor, or for Debts amounting to 30/. and upwards.

Soldiers not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for Debts under 302., or for not maintaining their Families, or for Breach of Contract

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

nesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Corps or Dep6t nearest to the Plaoe where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Provided always, that such Deserters thus transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty.

XXXVII. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

XXXVIII. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again convicted for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier by Order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer by Reduction to the Ranks by Order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the Colonel, or in the Militia by Order of the appointed Commandant of the Reciment or Corps; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court or ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings *

XXXIX. Any Person attested for Her Majesty's Army or Her Majesty's Indian Army, or serving on the permanent Staff of the Disembodied Militia other than as a Commissioned Officer, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process of Execution on account of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common

Fund

28

23° VICTORIAE, c. 9.

Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Soldier or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order on that Behalti or for the Breach of any Contract* Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour, except in the Case of an Apprentice, or of an indentured Labourer, as herein-after described; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might naVe been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to indentured Labourers, as herein-after prescribed,

XL. No Person who shall be commissioned and in full Pay as an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County, Borough, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

XLI. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions as the Military Authorities may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall immediately after giving him Enlisting Money serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act

annexed. /J\

XLII. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while nc shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

XLIII. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, not included), but not sooner than Twenty-fowr Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Army, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to kis Enlistment; and previously to or upon such Appearance, the Justice or some Person deputed by him shall fill up the Declaration set Forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions required to be put to Recruits, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto, he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

XLIV. When a# Recruit upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, or in the Case of a Recruit enlisted at the Head Quarters or Depot of a Regiment to the Officer

commanding

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.

Questions to be put to Recruits on enlisting.

Recruits, when deemed to be enlisted.

When Recruits to be taken before a Justice.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

m

Attesting of Rccraitg.

Recruits improperly obtaining Enlisting Money, &c.

Recruits absconds nrg.

Recruits not triable by Court-martial till attested.

Militiamen enlisting into Regular Forces.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

commanding the same; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not Satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money, and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of State for War and to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

XLV. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit snail have signed the said Declaration, and taken the said Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested; and the Fee for such Attestation shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

XLVI. If any Recruit shall, by means of any false Answer, obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or having dissented from his Enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid; in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices to adjudge such Recruit when brought before them, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly; and if in Scotland or Irelcaid to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and after such Adjudication it shall rest with the Military Authorities to determine whether such Recruit shall thereafter be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier.

XLVII. If any Recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Under Secretary 9f State for War, in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

XLVIII. No Recruit previously to his being attested shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but any Recruit who shall have been attested before a Justice in manner aforesaid, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the proper Military Authorities, to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct,

XLIX. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and.be attested for Her Majesty's Army or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for War, on the Confession thereof by such Militiaman, to order that in lieu of 1ms being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay till he shall have made good the Sum of Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, to be applied as the Siecretary of State for War shall direct, and, further, to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to

be

25

28'. VICTORIA, c.!l.

boaSokHer, in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of Us Attestation, in which latter Cade his Service as a Soldier shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia would have expired: Provided that should the Regiment be within the United Kingdom the Secretary of State; for War shall not make such Order without the Consent of the Commanding Officer of the Militia Regiment from which the Man shall have deserted.

L. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matte? relating to the enlisting o? attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Army or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces shall be liable to be tried for such (Offence before a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishments other than Death Ur Penal Servitude as such Courts may award.

1*X It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by any Warrant signed by the Secretary-at-War in that Behalf, to authorize the Governors of Colonies, and of the several Presidencies in India, to appoint any Person, not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, or for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting for the Place of such Enlistment, and not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland> any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into, Her Majesty's Army or into Her Majesty's Indian Army; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and all such Appointments, past and future, and everything dene 0* to be done under them, shall be valid and of full Effect, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act or; of any other Act df Parliament; and any Person so attested shall be deemed to bean attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or die-banded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized; by the1 Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Gor^s appointed to remain or for Her Majesty's Indian Forces; and every Soldier so MamSiired is hereby; deemed to be diacharjged from his former Corper and an attested Certificate of Transfer shmllbe delivered to the Soldier.

LII. Any Soldier attested for the Infantry, and at his own Request transferred to the Cavalry^ Artillfery* or Engineers, shall be bound to serve for the full Term of such Service os if .originally enlisted therein, but any Soldier at bid own Request transferred from either efsttchibefore^entioned Services to the Infantry shall be liable to serve for the Term of his original Enlistment

Lilt Any Soldier at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service for which he shall have first engaged, with the Consent of his Commanding Officer, or any Person having been a Soldier after the Completion of such Term of Service and his Discharge therefrom, may be re-engaged or re-enlisted, to serve for the further Term of Eleven Years in the Infantry, and Twelve Years in the Cavalry, and Nine Years in the Artillery or Engineers, upon making a Declaration, in the Form given in the Schedule annexed t& this Act, before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland* or if not in Great Britain or Inland before any Person duly appointed by Hfcr MajCtfty, by any Warrant signed by the Secretary of State for War in that Behalf, to enlist end attest out of Great Britain said Ireland any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-tolisting into Her Majesty V Service.

LIY. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not bom in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty % Service, shall, While serving, be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's Service; and be entitled to nil the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes purchased by or on account of Her Majesty previous to the total Abolition of Slavery throughout1 the British Colonies, and serving in any of Her Majesty's Forces, and all Negroes fwho have been seized and condemned ns Prfee under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed U>-serve: in Her Majesty's Arihy, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the

f 23 Vict. D Advantages

Punishment of Persons offending against Laws relating to Enlistment.

Enlistment and

Re-enlistment

abroad.

Soldiers transferred from one Service to another.

Re-engagement of Soldiers or of Persons having been Soldiers for a farther Term.

Enlistment of Negroes.

ft

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Punishment of Apprentices enlisting.

38° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces,

LV. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that lie is not an Apprentice or indentured Labourer as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, or in the Colonies or Possessions aforesaid, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture os a Labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Army; and no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice or an Indentured Labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army or in Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall be serving in the Embodied Militia, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned! in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if In England, for the full Term of Five Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen wheq so bound, and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties. by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture was so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service, or of any indentured Labourer in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid:, Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of his Apprentice or of his Labourer as aforesaid within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer.

LVI. No Apprentice or indentured Labourer claimed by his Master as aforesaid shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice or indentured Labourer; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Noncommissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotland, may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may deliver him to his Master.

LVII. No Person who shall for Six Months, either before or after the passing of this Removal of Act, have received Pay and been borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Regiment or Corps, or Depot or Battalion of a Regiment or Corps (of which the last Quarterly Pay List, soldier* ° ° if produced, shall be Evidence), shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in hk Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever; but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

LVIII. No Secretary *at-War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or any of their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be authorized or required by Her Majestys Regulations or Articles of War, or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secre-

S-at-War; and every Paymaster or other Officer who having received any Officer's or lier's Pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service

Authorized Deductions only to be made from the Pay of the Army.

LIX. And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third Year of King Charles the First it Suspending 1 is enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened ^StaSa Acts ' with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Par- hereiifrecited. 4 liament of England, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second,

for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whosoever, should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever,

without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting whatsoever; And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth X ear of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, Section Eight, intituled An Act to prevent the Disorders 6 Anne, c. 14. 4 that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of 8* C1)

Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army,

nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard or Battle-axes, nor any Officer commanding the said Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such Officer, should at any Time thereafter have received or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save omy during such Time or Times as he or they should be on their March as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town or other Place in the Neighbourhood of a Seaport Town in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army, or any considerable Part thereof, should be commanded to march from One Part of Ireland to another But forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching

Certain Requirements of 6 Anne, c. 14. (L), as to billeting in Ireland, not now necessary.

How and where Troops may be billeted.

23°, ViqT^I#, , : C. 9.

and quartering^ of Regiments, Corps, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be; suspended and cease to be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act.

LX. And whereris by the Eleventh Section of the said Act of the Sixth' Year ofthte ' lleign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no Civil Mkuris- tfate or Constable should be obliged to find Quarters for or giro Billets to mow or offidr

Soldiers than those only whose true Christina and Sumatnos should be dobvered tohiiki c ih Wntiiig under the Hand of thef Officer desiring Quarters or, Billets*'for sudh'Soldiers (atthb Time Auoh Quarters or Billets should be desinid, and that aU sHch Names ^Houkl f> be written together and delivered in One Piece of Paper, signed as aforesaid, and ibot the ' Christian and Surnames of every Soldier to be quartered or billeted^ togdtlie»ftvith lbe 'f- Name of the Person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, sbouidh^ given ' in Writing by the Constable or Civil Officer billeting or quartering such Soldiery and be

contained in the Billet given by such> Civil Officer r And rivhereas it has been found iiican-f venient and difficult to comply with all the Requirements of the said Enactment i* It shrill not be rieoessdry, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any Offider, upon ihc Ocwamon of his requiring Quarters or Billets for^ny Soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to tUe Coadthble - or other Person whose Duty it shall be to find or give the same any list rif th<r Mhmeeof the Soldibrs tai be so quartered ior billeted; and it shall not be tieeessaiy for the GoristaWe or other such Person ias aforesaid to set forth in any Bllfotthe Naxhcef'rirly Soldier to be1 billeted or quartered, but only the Number of the SeHUrs, or trie Iforfib^r of the Soldiers and HarseB respectively, as the Case may require, to be billeted drqriarfoijed on the Person namedmdie Billet' and to whom the sntne shall be addressed: 1 V !i

LXX It shall be lawful for ah Constables, of Parishes and Pkces, nfnd dther Persons ^pecified in thifc Atfc, in Great Britain and Jutland, and they are hereby required, ' to bidet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service, and Outqpensionerte when assembled a» ia local Frirce :by_ competent Authority, and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Airmy, jand the Horace belonging, to Hbr Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and! Field/Officers [Horses, and all Bat and Baggage/Horses belonging to any of Heir Majesty's ©the* Faroes, when da actual Service, not exceeding for each Officdr due Number for which Fbhige ls dr shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and Other Hopscs specified in this Act (taking core in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in One Hofuee, except only in base of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and they elmlL beireoeiyed by the Ocoupiera of the Housed in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by sudh Victuallers with propetf Accommodation in agon Houses, or if any Victualler shall not hayfe sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good, and sufficient Quarters to be provided by .such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also pe furnished with Piet agd Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid^ paying apd allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One ISfile from the Plhce mentioned in the Route, Care bping always taken that Billets be made but far the less distant Houses, in which suitable Accommodation can be found, before Plaiting out Billets for the more distant; and iii all places where Cavalry shaft be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each Man and his Horse shall be billeted in One and the same

House, except in case of Necessity; and, except in ca$e of Necessity, One Man at least

shall be billeted whrire there shall be One dr Two Horses, and Two Men at least riherie there shall be Edur Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; add in tip Case, shall1 a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Pistance from each dttiei; tliah One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their . Horses on their March, in the Manriep required by this Act, upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile , of the Place mentioned; in the Route, and whether they be in the Same or in a different County, in like Mariner in every resperit

as if such Houses Were all locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing

' ' herein

kr vidf tfitiJfe/ c. 9.

herein contained shall be constated to extend to authorize any Constable to billet , Spli%rs otijif of* thq County to winchsuch [Constable belongs when; the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered ctbaiithe«Qfaife/effeotivCi Soldier* and Howes present lo be billdtedi all whSoht Billets, /when 1 J

wadbT hut )by such Constables, [shall be delivered intb the Hands of the Commanding (//

Officerpresent; and if any Person shall nnd himself aggrieved by having an undue Eropbr- i i

twin, of fckridieirabilletqd ih his House, tod shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable ] w.btber Person not being a Justice; to One or more Justices, and if agamstajustiofe then, r

(lo Two or uioite Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respedtiteiy shall ha/ve Power to ortktt such of the Soldiera to be removed, and to be hilleied tipoft otheri Persons, as they shall see Caufee; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or, my Hrtrtea as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officer^ or Soldiers mfcyb6 quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have uO StablPs, then and in -Buohi Cose, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, llCbrpg, Troop, for Detachment, the Constable us hereby required to billet the Men undtheir Hoarae^ or Htrraes only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables and who sure by tais Act liabie.lo hate OfficeirS and Soldiers billeted upon«them; and upon Complaint hbeing made by the Person or Parsons td whose House or Stablee the said Men dr Horses ishall have beeri so renkoted to Two or mote Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men* er vHoitoes shall be bo billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowmaie ttof be paid fby the Ffcrsen relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Hotses or to be i applied ^furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers mayexchknge any Man or Hdrse billeted in Any Place, with another Man or Horsebilletedin the feome Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not 'exceed tlWNiimberat thht Time billetdd tan sfachHoiiseS respectively; and the Cobgtables n

iahe hereby required to billet such Men and Htarbes so exchanged accordingly) and it shqR, , ', ' ibe ladrful 4or<wdy> Justice, at the 'Request of any Officer or Non^ommissioned Officer commandingdrfy Sildiers requiring BiHcts, to extend any Routes or to enlarge the Disirictb withhV Which Billets shall be required, in such Maimer ias sbtall appear to be most convbnient to thd Trbqps; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses, in1 billeting Soldiers, it shill ibe lawful for Any1 Justice within hid Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to requlie any Constable td jgive lfim ' an' Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Scidlirs Who Bhalbbe qikartefed by such Constables, together with the Names bf tho Persons iopon whoin euch Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such PWsoris^dwel], fatid the Sign, if any, belonging to the HouBesi Provided always, that no Officer shall be tabmpelled or compellable1 to pay anything for his Lodging, where he shall be duly billeted. f

Jbe Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be ^bi)letqd Billeting the j wumn; the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Guards in and '^dtSesex.; (except the City of London) and in the County of SurreyP and in the Borough of master.*81" Smtnvpark, (in, the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of in aU Qa$es for which particular Provision is not made by this Act 5 and the High ^nS|ta^le8 shall, on Receipt of. the Order, for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the l^v^r^ 'Cpnfltebles within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which thq said Con-sables.shaft tqHet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionably on tlxe Hopscs sutpected ^reretp by this Act i and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the jpeape to be bplden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, niak^ a^d, deliver to ^lie Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, s^ned by them respectively, of |the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and $abk of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain I with the -respective Clerks of the Pe^ce, for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fqe qr 2Be^rd; and such C^rk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any. Persons who r rqqpirq the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet

LXIII. No

for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred an d fifty Words.

8ft

Military Officers not to act as Justices in billeting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

Interpretation of Act

Powers and Regulations to Billets.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

LXIII. No Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, and all Warrants, Acts, and Things made, done, and appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

LXIV. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day of the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Round of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall he paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Four-pence per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to he paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Rounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Regiment, Detachment, or Party, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Soldiers, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary-at-War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to pay the Sums due to such Victuallers or other Persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case any Soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective Commanding Officers or Noncommissioned Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging or Victualling of the Men and Stabling or Forage for the Horses, every such Officer or Noncommissioned Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

LXV. All Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall he construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act ns such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Powers

23° VICTORIA c. 9. 31

and Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extehtf and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in Great Exemptions Britain in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of from Billets* the War Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Appren-tioefehiis; notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victumling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in; other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers; and Shopkeepers do not permit tippKng in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Pari of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LXVL For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Supply of Baggage, in their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within Carnages, their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production to them of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, by some Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to inarch, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Year of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number ' and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

LXVII. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be Bates to be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a foil Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon Regulations re-with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall lating thereto, travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence* to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective

Districts,

32

Supply of Carriages in Cases of Emergency.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary-at-War within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coining to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

LXVIII. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, by Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary-at-War, or if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages, kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such

Requisition

2.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9. 88

"Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the, Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the War Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required ohl such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers,

Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making po Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, Kiver, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels, while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon,

3$ wlj the, Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment, Corps, or j^tpCwpept, hut also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons q^iqpgipg the same.

Aall be lawful fot the .Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions Justices em-to mrtet" th8ITVcadtit, er to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, of Sf'sU&i Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices stablest shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Sums expended Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their bJthem* respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have bee* paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogue Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

J: LXX. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor for the Time Routes in being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign, Routes Coses of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Iceland, in tl^e Jjame of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

1 LXXI. All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, on Duty or on their March, and their Tolls.

Hotees and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

LXXII. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass Ferries, regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall m all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat

XiXXIII. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, Marching if he shall so require, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to Money on ... 23 Vict. E receive ^bcharge.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldiers.

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered with.

Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice.

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Penalty on trafficking in

Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

LXXIV. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary-at-War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of the said Notification.

LXXV. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Felony, or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on Application being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

LXXVI. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary-at-War, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for a longer Period than the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXXVII. Every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for or in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Army, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized as an Army Agent or not, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or who shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXXVIII. Every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall

directly

23° VICTORIA, c. 9. 35

directly or indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Kolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

LXXIX. Every Person (except such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by Pen*|5'on Beating Order under the Hand of the Secretary-at-War) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line,

Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Secretary of State in Council of India, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXX. Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or by any Penalty for in-Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly, procure any Soldier to desert, or attempt to procure or persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person, who, knowing that any Soldier is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof, be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

LXXXI. Any Officer or Soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Deserter, forcibly enter Penalty for into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without Deserters, a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LXXXII. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison Penalties on appointed to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise, in order to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means escape of Pri-whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, wners, and on-whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, pri^ikgu-and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less lations. than Four Years and not exceeding Six Years, or be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules thereof, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or any other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall be liable for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time

Certain Provisions of Acts for regulating Gaols to apply to Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for refusing to confine, &c. Military Offenders.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or upon Conviction thereof by a single Visitor to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Seventy-two Hours, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may then be unexpired; or if such Soldier shall, within Forty-eight Hours of the Expiration of his Sentence, be guilty of any Offence against the Rules of the Prison, he may, on Conviction thereof by a single Visitor, be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour or Solitary Confinement, for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours in addition to his original Sentence; and all the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, Houses of Correction, or Prisons in Great Britain, shall be deemed to apply to all Military Prisons so far as any such Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

LXXXIII. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LXXXIV. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf on any Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct or for Distinguishment or other Service, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds and the treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same

37

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, on the Recommendation of the Officer or Officers for the Time being administering the Government thereof, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to such Legislature appeal* to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued for and recovered in euch and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person or Persons administering the Government of any such Foreign Dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made or enacted by any such Legislature.

LXXXV. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner hereinbefore directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act* or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; or if any Toll Collector shall demand and receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, on Duty or on their March, for themselves or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any enrolled Pensioners in Uniform, when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Soldier or a Recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet, or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LXXXVL If

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets.

Penalty on Toll Collectors demanding Toll from Officers, Soldiers* or for Carriages;

and on Persons personaig Soldiers, &c.

38

Penalties upon the Military offending against the Law relating to Billets.

Penalty on killing Game without Leave.

Form of Actions at Law

Recovery of Penalties.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

LXXXVI. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary-at-War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any Person, any Money or Reward. for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children* Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in the Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXXVII. For the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXXXVIII. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the doing thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

LXXXIX. All Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by and before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within

England

39

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria9 intitutled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the 14 & 15 Vict Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, c. 93. in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the.

Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

XC. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles Appropriation adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall of Penalties, inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary-at-War, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in 5 & 6 W. 4. any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall c* 76t adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary-at-War.

XCI. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in Her Mode of re- Majesty's Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billeted, (which tlement Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence of such last legal Settlement before any Justices or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any oilier Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required; provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

XCII. When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the War Licences of Department, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to Canteens, grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

xciii. Ail

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Attestation of Accounts.

Commissaries, &c. to attest their Accounts.

Administration of Oaths.

Petjury.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Duration of this Act

XCIII. All Muster Rolls and Accounts and Pay and Pension Lists which are required to be verified by Declaration shall be so verified and attested free of Stamp Duty and without Fee or Reward paid for such Declaration or Attestation.

XCIV. All Commissaries, Regimental Paymasters, and all other Accountants for Military Services, Storekeepers, and Barrack Masters, upon making up their Accounts, and all Commissaries and Storekeepers upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall severally make the respective Declarations described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Declarations, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, or other Person authorized to administer Oaths and Declarations, and if made on

# Foreign Service, shall be made before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in

Command, or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same.

XCV. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act, found guilty thereof by a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

XCVI. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

XCVII. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland\ and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Dav of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive to the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Dependencies, Saint Helena, and the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island, from the

Date

41

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Date of the Promulgation thereof in General Orders there inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

jDate

186 .

A.B.

TVAJKE Notice, That you enlisted with at

o'Clock* on the Day of

for the Regiment [instead of the Words " for the

Regiment," any Words may be substituted which are applicable to the Case), and if you do not come forward on or before o'Clock* on the Day of

for the Purpose of being taken before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the game Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representation at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned Officer serving the Notice,

A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit 6n Attestation.

J of the Parish of in or near the Town of

in the county of , do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I am to the

best of my Knowledge and Belief Years of Age; that I am not an Apprentice;

that I am not married; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have

never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of 186, at

o'Clock M. by of, and that I have read [or had

read to me] the Notice then given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free Kit, and have no Objection to make to the Manner of my

Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment of

[instead of the Words " in the Regiment," any Words may be

substituted which are applicable to the Case in or for whatever Part of Her Majesty's Dominions the Enlistment may be made] for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filed up with Ten Years for Infantry and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps9 if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years {as the Case may be))9 provided Her Majesty should so long require my 23 Vict. F Services,

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________ Signature of Recruit.

__________Signature of Witness.

Signature of Justice.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

J do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to

Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand,

__________ Signature of Recruit.

__________ Witness present

The above Declaration and Oath were made before me at this Day I

of One thousand eight hundred

and at o'Clock. J

Signature of Justice__________

Declaration to be made by a Soldier, or Person having been a Soldier, on renewing

his Service.

J do declare. That I am at present {or was, as the

Case may be,) in Captain Company in the Regiment [the

foregoing Portion of this Declaration may be altered to suit each particular Case]; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors,

for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with Eleven Years in the Infantry,

or Twelve in the Cavalry, or Nine in the Artillery or Engineers, and, in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Artillery, Engineers, and Infantry, or Twenty four in the Cavalry^ provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me __________

Signature of Soldier. Signature of Witness.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

J of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years;

and that the said did on or about the Day of abscond and

quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Fork

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

to wit. II One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

/ certify. That of came before me at 1

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and that was bound to

serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or

about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions has absconded.

J of do make Oath, That was bound to me to serve

as an indentured Labourer by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years, and that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my Consent.

Witness, , fyc. c.

[as for Apprentice.]

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured Labourer. J One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify,

to wit.

Day of

That

One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

of came before me at the

and made Oath that was bound to serve as an indentured

Labourer to him by Indenture dated the Day of for the

Term of Years, and that the said indentured Labourer did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

J do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I have not applied any Monies

or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than Public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office.

Declared before me by the within-named this Day of J

Justice of the Peace of or Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera [as the Case may be\

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Storekeeper's Accounts.

J, Storekeeper at, do hereby solemnly and sincerely

declare. That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Sale of old Stores, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for winch I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever beyond my Salary and autho-

F 2 rized

44

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

rized Allowances, except the trifling Advantage which may have arisen in respect to the fractional Parts of a Penny in the Totals of the Pay Lists, as sanctioned by the Regulations of 19th December 1832 (See Art. 246, at Page 65 of Home Regulations); and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually

and bona fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Storekeeper at

Declared before me at 1

this Day of 18 . J

t

Magistrate for__________

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Barrack Master's Accounts.

J, Barrack Master of the Barracks at # ,

do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare, That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Damages, and Deficiencies, washing Sheets, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever from or on account of the Purchase or Issue of any of the Articles for the Service of the said Barracks, nor have I any Property in Lands, Houses, Tenements, or any Article used or employed in the Service of the War Department; and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually and bonfl, fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me at this Day of

Barrack Master at__________

18 .}

9

Magistrate for__________

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Paymaster's Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That the foregoing Pay List of the Regiment of, for the Period ended 186 ,

contains Charges of Pay for only such Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, Buglers, and Privates as were effective and entitled to Pay during, and regularly mustered at, the Periods set against their Names; that all those Men who were not present at the respective Musters taken by me on the, the, and the

have the true Reasons of their Absence stated against their Names; and that every Absence affecting the Pay or Allowances of such Men which occurred between the respective Musters is properly accounted for.

Also,

45

23° VICTORIA, c. 9.

Also, that the List of Commissioned Officers prefixed to the said Pay List contains a true and just Statement of the Names of all the Commissioned Officers who have been effective and entitled to Pay as belonging to the said Regiment for the Periods therein set down

Sainst their respective Names; also, that all the Remarks opposite to their Names on the uster Roll have been correctly copied therein; and that the Sum debited in the general State of this Pay List for the Pay of Officers has been actually received by me and paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the Sums debited in this Pay List and Account, amounting to, have been actually and bona fide disbursed by me in conformity with the established Regulations, and that the total Sum received, drawn for, or required to be remitted for the several Services therein charged, including every Receipt whatever, for which I am required to give Credit in these Accounts, is Also, that the Statement at the Foot of this Page contains a full and correct List of all Abstracts of Examination, and of all Decisions on Abstracts of Examination, of the Pay List of this Regiment received between the of 186 (the Date

of the last Pay List transmitted to the War Office being that for the Period ended the 186 ) and the of 186, the Date of this

Pay List.

Also, that the total Amount of the Sums disallowed in the said Decisions is credited in this Pay List, in conformity with Article 21 of the explanatory Directions, dated the 1st July 1848.

Also, that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, both my Sureties are now living; that the Property of each is at least double that for which he is Surety; and that they respectively reside at the Places under mentioned.

Names of Sureties. Places of Residence.

Declared and subscribed before me at this

Day of 186 .

for

Witnesses

I:

Commanding Officer. m Adjutant.

__________Paymaster.

Justice of the Peace

Form of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Military

Accountant.

J HEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare, That this Account, comprised in

Folios, is just and true, according to the best of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

__________Military Accountant,

Declared before me, at,

this Day of /- Justice of the Peace

18 )-for

No.

23° VICTORIA, c. 9

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or " surrendered himself, "

as the Case may be,] on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as a Deserter from [insert Regiment or Corps].

Age

Height - Feet. Inches.

Complexion ...

Hair -

£ $ 1 1 1 1 9

Marks -

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -

Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom apprehended

I Particulars in the Evidence on which the ' Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate, in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that hef a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

* -- ---- Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

— ---- Signature of Informant.

f Insert " is" or "*is not," as the Case may he.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him J for Military Service.

---- Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of §Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or "unfit," as the Case may he; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

§ No Pee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer' is stationed,

I unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

---

23° VICTORIA c. 10. 47

CAP. X.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[31st March 1860.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Vessels, or they may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime or Offence in breach of or to the Prejudice of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Lord High Admiral, &c. may make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, &c.]

I. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to make, ordain, alter, and establish Rules and Articles of War, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, and for regulating the Proceedings of Courts-martial, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which may be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

[Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.]

II. All Crimes and Offences committed against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same:

[Limitation as to Time.]

Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused,

48 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

[Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, &c.]

III. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for Good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

[The ordinary Course of Law not to Be interfered with.]

IV. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law when accused of Felony or Misdemeanor, or of any Misdemeanor other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

[No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for same Offence except by cashiering, &c.]

V. No Person subject to this Act having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class, or to the Rank of a Private Marine by Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer, by Reduction to the Ranks, by Order of the Commandant of the Division to which such Non-commissioned Officer may belong; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

[Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.]

VI. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of or be on board any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy for the Time being, and shall and maybe proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried

23° VICTORIA, c. 10. 49

or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marines shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and with or without any Commission or Warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the Officer commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any such Marine Officers or Marines shall have Power and Authority to convene, and to authorize any Officer to convene. Courts-martial under this Act, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Officers or Marines may be tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any Offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a Naval Court-martial for the same.

[Lord High Admiral, &c. may grant Commissions for holding General Courts-martial, &c.]

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners, for the holding of General and other Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, or before or after any such Commission or Warrant shall be granted, provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial;

[Place where Offenders may be tried.]

and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

[Power of General Courts-martial.]

VIII. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer of Marines or Marine to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; but no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein.

[Powers of District of Garrison Courts-martial.]

IX. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior

50 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island or Colony, and that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

[Powers of Divisional and Detachment Courts-martial.]

X. A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

[Courts-martial on Line of March or in Transport Ships, &c.]

XI. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship or Merchant Vessel, the Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

[Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.]

XII. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any Country in which Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces are so serving, by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial; Provided always that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

[Officers of the Marine and Land Forces may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial.]

XIII. When it is necessary or expedient, a Court-marital composed exclusively of Officers of the Royal Marines, or a Court-martial composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army, or of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or of both or of either, together with Officers of the Royal Marines, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces, may try a Person belonging to any One of the said Three Services; provided that when the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, then the Provisions of this Act or of such Act as shall be then and there in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to the Royal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated as if the Court were composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army only and the Provisions of the Act then and there in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed and the Rules and Articles of War relating to Her Majesty's Army then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army and be out of the United Kingdom, the Provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the Rules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such Officers and Soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

[If no Superior Officer of Land Forces is present in Command oa a District, &c., an Officer of]

XIV. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or

23° VICTORIA, c. 10. 51

[Marines may convene a Court-martial.]

assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to try any such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

[President of Court-martial.]

XV. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by or under the Authority of the Officer convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer, or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

[Proceedings at Trial.]

XVI. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection, unless allowed by Two Thirds at least of the other Officers appointed to form the Court, shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

[Swearing and summoning Witnesses.]

XVII. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other

52 23° VICTORIAE, c. 10.

Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session, Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

[Previous Convictions to be put in Evidence.]

XVIII. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before which any such Person shall have been tried, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, may receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial; and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Divisional or Company's Defaulters Book, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books or any of them, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book, or of the Defaulters Book of the Division or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against him; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

23° VICTORIAE, c. 10. 53

[No Second Trial, but Revision allowed.]

XIX. No Officer or Marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

[Crimes punishable with Death.]

XX. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine in Pay in any Division or Company who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Division or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

[Commutation of Death for Penal Servitude or other Punishment.]

XXI. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or by a Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British, Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

[Embezzlement punishable by Penal Servitude, &c.]

XXII. Any Officer or Marine, or any Person employed or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or

54 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

other Stores belonging to any of Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Four Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks, if a Warrant or Noncommissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

[As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servitude in the United Kingdom;]

XXIII. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude Sentence of Death which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was

23° VICTORIA, c. 10. 55

made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence df such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

[Also in the Colonies.]

XXIV. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall, according to such Directions, undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

[Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment.]

XXV. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for the same or such lesser Term as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

[Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude.]

XXVI. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

[Disposal of Convict after Sentence of Penal Servitude.]

XXVII. When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to Penal Servitude as authorized by this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Penal Servitude to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate

56 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent,) shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

[Power to inflict Corporal Punishment.]

XXVIII. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Divisional Court-martial shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the Officer commanding the Division or Station in which the Court may be held, and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

[Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.]

XXIX. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed herein-after or by the Articles of War, and in case of a Marine in addition to Corporal Punishment.

[Power to commute Corporal Punishment.]

XXX. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

[Power to commute a Sentence of cashiering.]

XXXI. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Divisional Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

[Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-Martial.]

XXXII. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of any Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former Good Conduct, and of all Medals and Decorations, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-martial may also, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service:

In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service 2 In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure: ,

23° VICTORIAE, c. 10. 57

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

[Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.]

XXXIII. Every Marine who shall be found guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service, of tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island, belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award; and every Marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to Penal Servitude, or discharged with Ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all Medals which he may be in possession of, whether for Sea or Field Service or for Good Conduct, together with any Annuity or Pension or Gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any Sergeant reduced to the Ranks by Sentence of Court-martial may, by the Order of the same Court, be made to forfeit any Annuity or Pension and Medal for meritorious Service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

[Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement]

XXXIV. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such Non-commissioned Officer or Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of Service may have been prolonged;

[or during Absence on Commitment under s Charge, or in arrest for Debt;]

and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement as a Deserter by Confession or under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt;

[or when Prisoner of War;]

and when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence;

[or when convicted of Desertion or Absence without Leave;]

and any Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days

58 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

[or when absent without Leave.]

during which he was in a State of Desertion, or during his Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any Period, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, or if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be so imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself; and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay, shall, if he so request, have a Right to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

[Forfeiture of Pay and Liquor for habitual Drunkenness.]

XXXV. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Marine shall be convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay, for such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

[Forfeiture of Pay for Drunkenness on Duty.]

XXXVI. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine for being drunk on Duty under Arms to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and for being drunk when on any Duty not under Arms, or for Duty or on Parade or on the Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

[Stoppages.]

XXXVII. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direct that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall have made good -

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of

23° VICTORIAE, c. 10. ft)

Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service or for general Good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Medal or Decoration which may have been granted to him by any Foreign Power, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or injury to, the Arms, Clothing. Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that when an Offender is put under Stoppages for making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration, the Amount shall be credited to the Public, but the Medal or Decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special Circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: Provided also, that so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the Charges for Messing and Washing, leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

[Discharge with Ignominy.]

XXXVIII. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Land Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted to Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

[Marking Deserters.]

XXXIX. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen and not liable to be obliterated.

[Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.]

XL. A General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration

60 23° VICTORIAE, c. 10.

than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

[Imprisonment of Offender already under Sentence for previous Offence.]

XLI. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

[Term and Place of Imprisonment.]

XLII. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude or Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

[Proviso for Removal of Prisoners.]

XLIII. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing or liable to Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court-martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, or elsewhere, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer commanding the Division in the Case of a Prisoner imprisoned under the Sentence of a Divisional Court-martial, of his sole Authority, and in all other Cases with the Consent of the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, or of the Officer by whom the Sentence of the Court shall have been confirmed, as the Case may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial or otherwise; and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of such Order, be discharged or be delivered over as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in Military Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, fur whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place.

[Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.]

XLIV. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose, and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine

23° VICTORIAE, c. 10. 61

for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[Their Subsistence in Common Gaols.]

XLV. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Marine imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

[Expiration of Imprisonment in Common Gaols.]

XLVI. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to know or believe that any Person in his Custody for any Debt or Contempt, or upon any Charge or for any Offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to the Expiration of the Period of the Confinement or Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Confinement or Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover, every Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such Marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such Marine either unto the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines or to the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, previously direct that such Marine be delivered to some other Officer or Person, in which Case he shall be delivered to such other Officer or Person accordingly, and the Officer or Person to whom such Marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act, shall thereupon give to such Gaoler or Person delivering up such Marine a Certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the Receipt of such Marine and the Place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such Gaoler or Person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such Marine shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the Sum of Two Shillings per Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such Marine as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such Marine as aforesaid, shall for every such Misconduct or Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[Military Prisons established under any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in the Army to be deemed public Prisons.]

XLVII. Every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the Meaning of any Act now in force or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and that any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or

62 23° VICTORIAE, c. 10.

until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

[Musters, and Penalty on false Musters.]

XLVIII. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered; provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Rank as may be deemed expedient; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

[Verifying of Muster Rolls.]

XLIX. All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

[Trials for Desertion after subsequent Re-enlistment.]

L. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another Corps, and be a Deserter therefrom; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Charges, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

[Apprehension of Deserters.]

LI. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Marine or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry, and to remand the said suspected Person, in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in

23° VICTORIAE, c. 10. 63

the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed maybe removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of such Fees; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any such Foreign Dominions, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or if the Detachment be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post, if within reasonable Distance; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law.

[Penalty on Marines straggling or attempting to desert from Head Quarters.]

LII. For and in respect of any Marine straggling or attempting to desert from any Head Quarters who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Marine.

[Temporary Custody of Deserters in Gaols.]

LIII. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Marine or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

[Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.]

LIV. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, shall to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who,

64 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if in Scotland or Ireland, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

[7 & 8 G. 4. c. 29.]

intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and, if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth,

[9 G. 4. c. 55.]

intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

[Punishment for inducing Marines to desert.]

LV. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure or persuade any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall on Conviction thereof be liable to be punished by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which such Conviction shall take place may adjudge.

[Extension of Furlough in case of Sickness.]

LVI. When there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, not borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on Furlough, shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an

23° VICTORIAE, c. 10. 65

Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

[Marines liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only for Felony and certain Misdemeanors, or for Debts amounting to 30l. and upwards;]

LVII. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as a Marine shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or on account of Misdemeanor or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Fact sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit;

[but not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not maintaining their Families or for Breach of Contract.]

but no Marine or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatsoever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Order, Warrant, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Marine or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order in that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Marine Necessaries or Equipments of such Marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bona fide Apprentices, duly bound under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed.

66 23° VICTORIAE, c. 10.

[Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.]

LVIII. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

[Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors.]

LIX. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces, or who shall be employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff, and no such Officer and no Non-commissioned Officer of such Forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a Constable, or Overseer, Guardian of any Union, or any Officer of a like Description of any County, Hundred, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Division, Parish, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon an Inquest shall be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

[Questions to be put to Recruits on enlisting.]

LX. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits for the Royal Marines shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall, immediately after giving him Enlisting Money, serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

[Recruits when deemed to be enlisted.]

LXI. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid, shall upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

[When Recruits to be taken before a Justice.]

LXII. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Marines, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and previously to such Appearance, some Person employed in the Recruiting Service shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions required to be put to Recruits, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto, he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and a Vagabond.

[Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.]

LXIII. When a Recruit, upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Commandant of the Division for which the Marine shall have enlisted; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and after deducting therefrom One Shilling, as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said Commandant, shall be paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall, in every Case, give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

[Attesting of Recruits.]

LXIV. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the

23° VICTORIA, c. 10. 67

Recruit shall have signed the said Declaration and taken the Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested, and the Fee for such Attestation shall be One Shilling, and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

[Recruits improperly obtaining Enlistment Money, &c.]

LXV. If any Recruit shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or having dissented from his Enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices to adjudge such Recruit when brought before them, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and after such Adjudication it shall rest with the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to determine whether such Recruit shall thereafter be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine.

[Recruits absconding.]

LXVI. If any Recruit shall abscond so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true, and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

[Recruits not triable by Court-martial till attested.]

LXVII. No Recruit previously to his being attested shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial, but any Recruit who shall have been attested before a Justice in manner aforesaid, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable at the Discretion of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

[Militiamen enlisting into Regular Forces.]

LXVIII. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Royal Marines, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division into which such Militiaman shall have so unlawfully enlisted, on his Confession or on other Proof thereof, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay till he shall have made good the Sum of Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, to be applied as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall direct; and upon such Order being made by such Commanding Officer, such Man shall be deemed to be a Marine in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of his Attestation, and his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall thereupon be deemed to have ended from the Time of his having been so attested for the Marines.

[Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment.]

LXIX. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall be liable to be tried for such Offence by a General Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishment, other than Death or Penal Servitude, as such Court may award.

[As to Re-enlistment abroad.]

LXX. It shall be lawful for the Officer commanding any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty on the Books of which any Marine may be borne, or on board of which any such Marine may be, or, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion or Detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne on the Books of any One of

68 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise, to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Marine desirous of re-enlisting or re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, if such Marine be considered by such Commanding Officer a fit Person to continue in Her Majesty's Service, and every such Commanding Officer shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation, and any Marine so re-enlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested Marine.

[Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprenticeship.]

LXXI. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

[Claims of Masters to Apprentices.]

LXXII. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, (not having been above the Age of Fourteen Years when so bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and if in Scotland for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

[No Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without a Warrant.]

LXXIII. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried;

[Punishment of Apprentices enlisting.]

and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over

23° VICTORIAE, c. 10. 69

such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

[Removal of Doubts as to Attestation of Marines.]

LXXIV. No Person who shall for Six Months, and either before or after the passing of this Act, have received Pay and be borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, of which the last Quarterly Pay List (if produced) shall be Evidence, or been borne as a Marine on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

[Admiralty may order Pay to be withheld.]

LXXV. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

[Billeting of Marines.]

LXXVI. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore: Be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that the Billets be made out for the less distant Houses in which suitable Accommodation can be found before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in the Manner required by this Act upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or a different County in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situated within such Place: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet

70 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices, within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person or Persons having Stables, and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or to enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

[Allowance to Innkeepers.]

LXXVII. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days, when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpence per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Division, Detachment, or Party shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall

23° VICTORIA, c. 10. 71

not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Marines, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Marines, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer or Non-commissioned Officer not being enabled to make Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

[Supply of Carriages.]

LXXVIII. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, (allowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines may be quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

[Rates for Carriages.]

LXXIX. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be Rates for impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to Carnages, be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland for every Hundredweight

72 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

loaded on any Wheel Carriage One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Ten Days, beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations hereinbefore mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coining to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

[Providing for Supply of Carriages, &c. in Cases of Emergency.]

LXXX. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, by their or his Orders distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several

23° VICTORIA, c. 10. 73

Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

[Justices of Peace to direct Payment of Sums expended for Carriages, &c.]

LXXXI. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogues Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the Session holden during the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

[Lord Lieutenant of Ireland may depute Persons to sign Routes.]

LXXXII. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

---

[

LXXXIII. All Officers and Marines on Duty or on their March, being in proper Exemption Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by from Tolls. Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty^ Colonies, when employed in conveying any such Persons as aforesaid or their Baggage or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, ok1 Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Prescription, Grant, or Custom, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction, of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's CoWieS'; and if any Tofl Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine bn Duty or on their March, who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress,

28 VICT. K or

23* VICTORIA c. 10.

or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every, suck Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXXXIV. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

LXXXV. The Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received Her Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed Her Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix to and leave such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next after the Receipt of such Notification.

CW^Sub'ect? LXXXVI. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be offendingJeC 8 employed in billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall

against the presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this

to*BM^and Act without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to Carriages. billet any Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Thingg directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain

Marching Money on Discharge.

Notification to rarishes of good or bad Conduct of Marines.

75

23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Britain and Ireland, for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided, or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Marine or Marine Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

LXXXVII. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men Penalty upon otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or Marin" °so upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage offending, any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate of such Conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any Person any Money or Beward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Betum home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any (jonstable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXXXVIII. Every Marine Officer or Marine who shall, without Warrant from One or penalty for more of Her Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or forcible Entry. Outhouse of any Person whomsoever, in pursuit of any Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXXIX. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from Penalty for any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, upon any Qi^thes X; Account or Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Marine or Marine from any ° Deserter, or shall be employed by any Marine or Marine Deserter, knowing him to be such. Marine, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for Good Conduct, or Distinguishment, or other Service, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Kegimentai or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Begul&tions, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the Marine or Marine Deserter or other Person bo or be not borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in hie or her Possession or Keeping any Arms,

K 2 Ammunition,

79 23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Ajniiromtipi], Medals, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Spirits, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, Necessaries, Sheets, or other Articles to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or bo possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of tbo several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to jirove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reason^ able Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or fyer Premises any Property of, the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may and he is hereby required t$ grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if iqxm such Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law.

XC. Every Persob (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, of dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Plaoe of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Loid High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Penalty on XCI. For the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near Places where any GamcT kUling Officer shall at any Time be quartered, every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing m from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or

Fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such OfleDce forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

Penalty on

unlawful

Recruiting.

Limitations of XCII. If any Action shall be brought against any Member or Members of a Court-Action* Martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person, for anything done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in sorao One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action now pending, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland,

n

23° VICTORIA 1.10.

Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint* the Court in whiph the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he /shall have the like Remedy as in other Gases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants,

XCIII. All Offences for which atiy pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, diall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place Where the Offence shall be Committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and al£o the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any pecuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Peiformance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Ordeis: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture or Treble Value can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall b# used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the Recovery of, all such Penalties and Forfeitures or Treble Value as fully to all Intents as if the said, recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the i?our-teenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acte regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessionsf and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British fsfys, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and thp Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of th^ Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the lyaws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed or the Offender may at any Time happen, to be, and for Default of Payment the Offender shall be punished as if the Offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action' in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in. the Court of Session in Scotland, and in'no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

XCIV. One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of any Artioles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or where the Offence! shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and sucl* Treble Value, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lotd High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding i and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall within Four Days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

XCV. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry, to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or

any

Recovery of Penalties.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict c. 93.

Appropriation of Penalties

5 & 6 W.4,

c. 76.

Licences of Canteens.

Mode of recording a Marine's Settlement

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Definition of Terms.

23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

XCVI. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall be quartered on shore may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence as to such lejjal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

XCVII. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorised or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed

fuilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Arsons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Marine or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

XCVIII. All Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drunk in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall

79

23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

shall not be found sufficient Boom in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign-Consul duly accredited as such.

XCIX. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spam and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty until the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive; and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty until the Twenty-fifth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

YOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you. So help you GOD.

Y^U shall duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help you GOD.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

t do swear, That I will not, upon any Account whatsoever, disclose

or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in

a due

Marines not to be billeted in private Houses, Ac.

Duration of Act.

80

23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

A.B.

Date

186 .

J'AKE Notice, That you enlisted with at o'Clock *

on the Day of for the Royal Marines, and if you do not

come forward on or before o'Clock* on the Day

of for the Purpose of being taken before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representations at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned 1 __________

Officer serving the Notice.]

At A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

J of the Parish of in or near the Town of in

the County of, do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I am to the best

of my Knowledge and Belief Years of Age; that I am not an Apprentice;

that I am not married; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or the Royal Naval Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military, Marine, or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of

186, at o'Clock M. by of, and

that I have read [or had read to me] the Notice then given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free Kit [as the Case

may Ae], and have no Objection to make to the Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marines for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filled up with Twelve Years, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Twelve Years], provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Recruit.

__________Signature of Witness.

Signature of Justice.

Oath

23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

T do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me.

So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand__________Signature of the Recruit.

__________Witness present

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

__________Signature of the Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

T do declare. That I am at present [or was, as the Case mag be], in the

" Division of the Royal Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the Day

of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of

Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with suck Number of Years as shall be

required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Marine.

__________Signature of Witness.

Declared before me, __________

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a,

and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years;

and that the said did on or about the Day of last

abscond and quit my Service without my Consent, and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand

at the Day of One thousand eight hundred

and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

lisl

"I

23 VICT.

L

Form

82.

23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

A certify, That of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and,

and made Oath that he was by Trade a, and that was bound

to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of, for the Term of Years, and that the said Apprentice did on or

about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Description

83

23° VICTORIA, c. 10.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or surrendered himself,

as the Case may be\ on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age | r

Height - - - j f Feet Inches.

Complexion

Hair [

Eyes - - j r

Marks - -j r

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where - j f

Probable Date of Desertion, and from whatl Place - -1 r

Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom apprehended -1

Particulars of the Evidence on which the 1 Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was appre-< hended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a

Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

— 1 Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

— Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informant

t Insert " is or " is not," as the Case may be,

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him J for Military Ser-

vice.

---- Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

Insert " fit " or " unfit," as the Case may be; and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

Power to Trustees of Endowed Schools to make Orders for the Admission of Children of Denominations herein stated.

Act not to apply to certain Institutions or to Scotland or Ireland.

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year ending the 31st Day of March 1860

23' VICTORIE, c. 11, 12.

CAP. XI.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Endowed Schools.

[31st March 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that some Restrictions upon the Government and Teaching of certain Endowed Schools should be removed or modified:' Be it enacted by the Queen'* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Trustees or Governors of every Endowed School from Time to Time to make, and they shall be bound to make, such Orders as, whilst they shall not interfere with the religious Teaching of the other Scholars as now fixed by Statute or other legal Requirement, and shall not authorize any religious Teaching other than that previously afforded in the School, shall nevertheless provide for admitting to the Benefits of the School the Children of Parents not in communion with the Church, Sect, or Denomination according to the Doctrines or Formularies of which religious Instruction is to be afforded under the Endowment of the said School: Provided that in the Will or Wills, Deed or Deeds, or other Instrument or Instruments regulating such Endowment, nothing be contained expressly requiring the Children educated under such Endowment to learn or to be instructed according to the Doctrines or Formularies of such Church, Sect, or Denomination.

II. This Act shall not apply to any of the Institutions mentioned in Section Twenty-four of the Act of the Third and Fourth of Victoria, Chapter Seventy-seven, entitled An Act for improving the Condition and extending the Benefits of Grammar Schools, nor to any School established or to be established by or in union with or to be in union with the National Society for promoting the Education of the Poor in the Principles of the Established Church, nor to any Institution maintained wholly by voluntary Subscriptions, or partly by voluntary Subscriptions and partly by School Payments, nor to Scotland or Ireland.

[Short Title.]

III. This Act may be cited as "The Endowed Schools Act, 1860."

CAP. XII.

An Act to apply the Sum of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

[31st March 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aavice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Sum of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

and

23° VICT9 ^,) ?./2r

and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, are or is hereby, authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Excl^'uer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Slim of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as aT© directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Fortyr-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Moneys respectively contained therein.

Y. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made changeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto su$h Person or Persons as

shall

the Sum of 850,0001 out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 850,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in Manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 850,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W.

& M. c. 20

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Moneys raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

86 23° VICTORIA, c. 12, 13, 14.

shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to prevent the Members of Benefit Societies from forfeiting their Interest therein by being enrolled in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps.

[31st March 1860.]

WHEREAS the Rules and Regulations of many Benefit Societies provide that any Member who shall enter himself into the Queen's Service by Sea or Land shall be

excluded from such Society: And whereas a Doubt has arisen whether such a Provision ' applies to Members who enrol themselves in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps: And whereas ' it is expedient to put an End to that Doubt Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Members of Benefit Societies not to incur Forfeiture by Enrolment as Volunteers.

Provision in case of Disputes arising.

I. No Man by reason of his Enrolment or Service in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall lose or forfeit or be deemed to have lost or forfeited any Interest he may possess or may have possessed, at the Time of his so being enrolled or serving, in any Friendly or Benefit Society, any Laws, Rules, or Regulations of such Society to the contrary notwithstanding; and in case any Dispute shall arise between any such Society and any such Man by reason of such Enrolment or Service, it shall be considered as being a Dispute directed by the Rules of such Society to be decided by Justices of the Peace, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts in force relating to Friendly Societies.

WEi

CAP. XIV.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

[3d April 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's Public Expenses, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Duties wi Pro- ^*crc 8^la^ he charged, collected, and paid lor One Year, commencing on the Sixth

perty, &c. for Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, for and in respect of all Property, One Year. Profits,

87

23° VICTORIA3, c. 14.

Profits, and Gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, either by Assessment, Contract of Composition, or otherwise, the following Rates and Duties; that is to say, upon the annual Value or Amount of any Property, Profits, or Gains (except Property, Profits, and Gains described as chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act,) the Rate or Duty of Tenpence for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains respectively; and for and in respect of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages described as chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, the Rate or Duty of Fivepence in England, and Threepence Halfpenny in Scotland and Ireland respectively for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof.

II. The Duties hereby granted shall be assessed, raised, levied, and collected under the Regulations and Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act and of the several Acts therein mentioned or referred to, so far as the same are or may be applicable, consistently with the express Provisions of this Act; and all the Powers, Regulations, and Penalties of the said Acts shall, so far as aforesaid, be applied, enforced, and put in execution with respect to the Duties granted by this Act.

III. The Sum charged as the annual Value of any Property, Profits, or Gains in the several and respective Assessments made under Schedules (A.) (B.) (D.) and (E.) of the said Act for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, shall (except as to Railways and otherwise, as herein-after provided,) be taken as the annual Value or Amount of such Property, Profits, or Gains for the Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and the Duties granted by this Act shall be computed and charged according to such annual Value or Amount, and shall be collected, levied, and paid for the said Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, subject, nevertheless, to be increased, abated, or discharged in like Manner as the Assessments made for the Year ending on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty: Provided, whenever it shall appear that any Property, Profits, or Gains chargeable under this Act have not been changed by the Assessments made for the said last-mentioned Year, such Property, Profits, and Gains shall be assessed to the Duties granted by this Act, under the Provisions of the said several Acts applicable thereto.

IV. If since the making of any Assessment under Schedules (A.) and (B.) for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty the Lands thereby charged shall have been divided into Two or more distinct Occupations, the Commissioners for General Purposes shall, on the Appeal of the Parties interested respectively, settle and adjust what Proportion of the Duties granted by this Act under the said Schedules shall be paid or borne by each Occupier; and the Amount apportioned on the respective Parties shall be collected and levied in like Manner as an original Assessment.

V. No Assessment shall be made under this Act by the Commissioners for General Purposes in respect of the annual Value or Profits and Gains arising from any Railway, but m lieu thereof every such Assessment shall be made by the Commissioners for Special Purposes, and upon the Value or Profits and Gains for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall notify the Assessment to the Secretary or other Officer of the Company upon which the same shall be made, and the Amount of such Assessment shall be paid, collected, and levied in like Manner as any other Assessment made by the said Commissioners for Special Purposes.

VI. In like Manner as aforesaid the Commissioners for Special Purposes shall assess the Duties payable under Schedule (E.) in respect of all Offices and Employments of Profit held in or under any Railway Company, and shall notify to the Secretary or other Officer of such Company the Particulars thereof, and the said Assessment shall be deemed to be

and

Duties to be assessed and raised under Provisions of former Acts.

The Sums assessed under certain Schedules for the last Year to be taken as the annual Value for this Act.

Property, &c. not charged for the last Year to be assessed under this Act

Where since the last Assessment Property has been divided, Proportions of the Tax to be settled.

Commissioners for Special Purposes to assess Railways;

and also the Persons employed by Railway Companies.

Oft

©Em-

power for Persons assessed for Mines or Quarries to appeal to the Special Commissioners.

Duties to be collected and accounted for.

Exemption where Income under 100/., and Abatement where less than 1501

ltepayment not to be granted unless claimed within Three Years. Belief in respect of Life Insurances, &c. continued.

281 VICTORI. , : d. 14.

and shall be an Assessment upon the Company, aiyl paid, collected, and levied accordingly; and it shall be lawful for the Company or such Secretary or other Officer to deduct and retain out of the Fees, Emoluments, or Salary of each such Office* or Person the Difty so ohaiged in respect of his Profits and Gains.

VII. It shall be lawful for any Person assessed to the Duty chargeable under Schedule (A.) of the said Act in respect of any Mine of Coal, Tin, Lead, Copper, Mundic, or Iron, x>jr any other Mine, or any Quarry of Stone or Slate, to appeal against any such Assessment to the Commissioners for Special Purposes, instead of the Commissioners for General Purposes, if he shall think fit, and give due Notice of his Intention so to do, and thereupon such Appeal shall be heard and determined by Two or more of the Commissioners for Special Purposes in like Manner as any Appeal against an Assessment of the Duties contained in Schedule (D.) of the said Acts may lawfully be beard and determined by them; and all Powers and Authorities, Rules and Regulations, contained in the said Acts in relation to any such last-mentioned Assessment and Appeal, and to the carrying into execution and enforcing the Determination of the said Commissioners for Special Purposes thereon, shall be exercised and put in force in relation to any Appeal by this Act authorized to be made to the said last-mentioned Commissioners and their Determination thereon.

VIII. The several Collectors shall pay to the proper Officer for Receipt or to his Deputy all the Monies of the said Duties collected and levied by such Collectors, on the respective Days to be appointed by such Officer for Receipt or his Deputy next after the Receipt of the said Duties by the said Collectors, and shall at the same Time account for the Duties given them in charge respectively, and then payable by Law, in like Manner as they are now by Law required to account half-yearly.

IX. Any Person assessed or charged to any of the Duties granted by this Act who shall

Y»rove that his aggregate annual Income is less than One hundred Pounds shall be exempt rom the said Duties; and any Person who shall be assessed or charged to any of the said Duties, or shall have paid the same, either by Deduction or otherwise, and who shall claim and prove that his total Income from every Source, although amounting to One hundred Pounds or upwards, is less than One hundred and fifty Pounds a Year, for the Year of the Assessment of his Profits or Gains, shall be entitled to be relieved from so much of the said Duties assessed upon or paid by him as shall exceed the Rate of Sevenpence for every Twenty Shillings of his Profits or Gains, and such Relief shall be given in the Manner provided or directed in the like Cases by the said Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, and the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, therein mentioned.

X. No Claim for Repayment of Duty under this Act, or any former Act relating to the Income Tax, shall be allowed, unless it shall be made within Three Years next after the End of the Year of Assessment to which the Claim shall relate.

XI. The Clauses and Provisions contained in the following Acts, that is to say, the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-four, Section Fifty-four, another Act of the same Years, Chapter Ninety-one, an Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, for granting Relief to Persons who have made such Insurances or contracted for such Annuities as in the said Acts mentioned, shall be continued in force and be applied for the granting of the like Relief in regard to the Duties imposed by this Act.

2BP VICTORIA, a 15:

CAP. XY.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties of Stamps.

* [3d April 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

, 'Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, foe Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for defraying Your Majesty's Public Expenses, and making a permanent Addition to foe Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to grant nnto Your Majesty foe Duties herein-after mentioned; and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by foe Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advtee and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Stamp Duties now payable in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for or in respect of the several Instruments, Matters, and Things mentioned or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, whereon other Duties are by this Act granted, shall respectively cease and determine, and shall be and the same are nereby repealed; provided that the Stamp Duties now chargeable on any of the said Instruments, Matters, and Things shall be payable in respect of such of them as shall have been or shall be made, signed, or dated, at any Time before the passing of this Act; save and except that foe Stamp Duties on Foreign Bills of Exchange by this Act granted shall be payable on all such Bills as shall, after the passing of this Act, be first negotiated, or, if not negotiated, paid in the United Kingdom.

II. There shall be granted, raised, levied, and paid in and throughout the United Kingdom New Duties of Great Britain and Ireland^ to and to the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, a* set forth for and in respect of foe several Instruments, Matters, and Things described or mentioned

in the s^id Schedule, or for or in respect of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which any of them respectively shall be written, the several Stamp Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures against foe same respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the said Schedule; which said Schedule, and the several Provisions, Regulations, and Directions therein contained, with respect to the said Duties, and the Instruments, Matters, and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act, and shall be applied and put in execution accordingly.

III. All foe Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Directions, Allowances, and Provisions of Exemptions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, contained in or imposed by any Act Act8 or Acts, or any Schedule thereto, relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description, P heretofore payable in the United Kingdom, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall respectively be of full Force and Effect with respect to foe Duties by this Act granted, and to the Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Instruments, Matters, and Things charged and chargeable therewith, and to the Persons liable to foe Payment of the said Duties, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, allowed, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis, with reference to the Duties by this Act granted.

IV. The Stamp Duties payable by Law upon Probates of Wills and Letters of Adminis- Personal tration, with a Will annexed, in England and Ireland, and upon Inventories in Scotland, E*?a£\aP" shall be levied and paid in respect of all foe Personal or Moveable Estate and Effects which

any Person, hereafter dying, shall have disposed of, by Will, under any Authority enabling general Powers such Person to dispose of the same as he or she shall think fit; and for the Purpose of this Act such Personal or Moveable Estate and Effects shall be deemed to be the Personal or bate and In-°" 23 VICT. M Moveable ventory Duties.

Duties on Instruments described in Schedule repealed.

89

90

Probate and Inventory Duties in respect thereof to be a Charge on the Property.

Money secured on Heritable Property and by Heritable Bonds in Scotland to be chargeable with Probate and Inventory Duties.

Certain Testamentary Dispositions in Scotland not to be chargeable with Stamp Duty.

Certain Duties in the Schedule to be denoted either by impressed or adhesive Stamps.

The Persons making the Instruments to* affix adhesive Stamps, and cancel same.

In default. Penalty 20/.

23° VICTORIA, c. 15.

Moveable Estate and Effects of the Person so dying in respect of which the Probate of the Will or the Letters of Administration with the Will annexed of such Person are or is granted, or the Inventory is or is required to be exhibited and recorded, as the Case may be; and such Estate and Effects, and the Value thereof, shall accordingly be included in the Affidavit required by Law to be made on applying for Probate or Letters of Administration, in order to the full and proper Stamp Duty being paid.

V. The said last-mentioned Duties shall be a Charge or Burden upon the Property in respect of which the same are so payable, and shall be paid thereout by the Trustees or Owners thereof to the Person for the Time being lawfully having or taking the Burden of the Execution of the Will or Testamentary Instrument, or the Administration or Management of the Personal or Moveable Estate and Effects of the Deceased, for the Benefit of the Persons entitled to the Personal or Moveable Estate and Effects of the Deceased.

VI. Money secured on Heritable Property in Scotland, and Money secured by Scotch Bonds in favour of Heirs and Assignees, excluding Executors, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be held and interpreted to be Moveable Property, and shall be included in any Inventory to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased entitled thereto, and in England and Ireland respectively shall be deemed to be Estate and Effects for or in respect whereof any Probate of Will or Letters of Administration shall be granted; and every such Inventory, Probate, and Lettera of Administration shall be chargeable with Stamp Duty in respect of such Moveable Property; and such Property, and the Value thereof, shall be included in any such Affidavit as aforesaid made on applying for Probate or Letters of Administration in respect thereof in England or Ireland.

VII. 6 Whereas it is considered that certain Testamentary Dispositions in Scotland arc chargeable with Stamp Duty, and it is expedient that the same should be exempted Be it enacted, That no Will, Testament, Testamentary Instrument, or Disposition mortis causa, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

VIII. The Duties by this Act granted of One Penny and Threepence respectively specified in the said Schedule, and also of Sixpence, therein specified, under the Head of Cost Book Mines, may be denoted either by a Stamp impressed upon the Paper, or by an adhesive Stamp affixed thereto; and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide Stamps of both Descriptions for the Purpose of denoting the said Duties; and the Provisions and Regulations relating to adhesive Stamps contained in the next succeeding Section of this Act shall apply to all Cases where the Paper upon which the Instrument, Document, or Writing charged with the Duty shall not, at the Time of its being written, made, or signed, have thereon the proper impressed Stamp for denoting the said Duty.

IX. The Person who shall make, sign, or issue any Instrument, Document, or Writing in the Schedule to this Act mentioned, and chargeable with any of the Duties of One Penny and Threepence, shall, before he shall deliver the same out of his Hands, Custody, or Power, affix to it the proper adhesive Stamp denoting the Duty chargeable thereon or in respect of it, and shall effectually cancel and obliterate the Stamp, by writing upon it his Name, or the Name of his Firm or Principal, or the Initials thereof respectively, and the Date of the Day and Year on which he shall so write the same, and so and in such Manner as clearly and distinctly to indicate that the said Stamp has already been used, and so that it cannot, without Fraud, be again made use of; and if any Person who ought so to affix any such Stamp, and to cancel and obliterate the same, shall refuse or neglect so to do, or if any Person shall receive or take by way of Security or Indemnity any of the said Instruments, Documents, or Writings, or shall deliver out or authorize the Delivery out of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise to which the same relates, the said Instrument, Document, or Writing not having a proper adhesive Stamp affixed thereto, and cancelled and obliterated

as

91

23° VICTORIA, c. 15.

as hereby required, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and no Charge for Brokerage, Commission, Agency, or otherwise, made or to be made by any Broker, Agent, or other Person in or about the Sale or Purchase mentioned or referred to in any such Instrument, Document, or Writing made by him, shall be lawful, unless such Instrument, Document, or Writing shall be duly stamped as by this Act is required: Provided that no Person shall be subject or liable to the said Penalty for delivering any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, under the Authority of any unstamped Order, in any Case where the Value of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandise shall therein be stated by the Person making, signing, or issuing the same to be under the Value of Forty Shillings.

X. If any Person who shall make, sign, or issue any Order for, or any Writing or Document authorizing the Delivery of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise by this Act charged with the Stamp Duty of One Penny, shall knowingly and wilfully state or permit to be stated therein that the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandise are or is under the Value of Forty Shillings, he shall, unless the said Order, Writing, or Document shall, at the Time of its being issued, be stamped to denote the said Duty, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. The Person who shall write or sign any Note, Instrument, or Writing requesting or authorizing the Purser or other Officer of any Mining Company conducted on the Cost Book System to enter or register the Transfer of any Share or Shares or Part of any Share in any Mine, or shall give any Notice in Writing to such Purser or other Officer of any such Transfer, in whatever Form such Notice shall be, shall, in like Manner aa herein-before provided, affix thereto the proper adhesive Stamp to denote the Duty by this Act charged thereon, and cancel and obliterate the same; and if he shall refuse or neglect so to do, or if the Purser or other Officer to whom such Request, Authority, or Notice shall be addressed, delivered, sent, or given shall enter' or register the Transfer of any Share mentioned or referred to in such Notice, or shall comply with or in any way give effect to such Notice, the same not being stamped as by this Act is required, every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XII. Whenever any Bill of Exchange, Draft, or Order having thereon an adhesive Stamp shall be presented for Payment, the Person to whom the same shall be presented shall, upon paying the same, write or impress or cause to be written or impressed upon every Stamp affixed to the Bill the Worn "paid," to the end that the Stamp maybe more effectually cancelled, and made incapable of being used again; and in default of so doing he shall forfeit the Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

XIII. The Duties by this Act granted upon or in respect of Bills of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders drawn out of the United Kingdom, shall be denoted by adhesive Stamps, in like Manner as the Duties now payable on Bills of Exchange drawn out of the United Kingdom; and all the Clauses, Provisions, Directions, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures

contained in the Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighty-three, relating to adhesive Stamps on Bills of Exchange drawn out of the United Kingdom, as well as in this Act, so far as the same are applicable, shall be applied and put in force in respect of the Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange by this Act granted, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XIV. If any Person shall fraudulently remove or cause to be removed, or assist in removing, from any Instrument, Document, or Writing of any kind, any adhesive Stamp, or shall affix any Stamp which shall have been so removed to any other Instrument, Document, or Writing chargeable with Stamp Duty, or to any Paper, with Intent that such Stamp might be used again; or if any Person shall sell, or offer for Sale, or utter any Stamp, or shall utter any Instrument, Document, or Writing with any Stamp thereon which shall have been so as aforesaid removed, knowing the same to have been removed, or shall practise or be concerned in any fraudulent Act, Contrivance, or Device not specially pror

M 2 vided

No Charge for Brokerage, &e. to be lawful unless Instru ment, &c. shall be duly stamped.

Penalty for fraudulently stating Goods to be under the Value of 40*.

The Person requesting the Entry of Transfer of any Share to affix and cancel an adhesive Stamp.

In default. Penalty 20/.

The Payers of Bills of Exchange, &c. to cancel Stamps.

In default, Penalty 20/.

The Stamps on Foreign Bills to be adhesive.

The Provisions of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 83. to be applied.

Penalty on committing Frauds in relation to adhesive Stamps.

m

Penalty on stamping an Agreement under the Value of 20/. to be 20*. only.

23° VICTORIA, . c. 16.

vided for, with Intent to defraud Her Majesty of the Duty, he shall forfeit, over and above any other Penalty to which he may be liable, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XV. Where an Instrument or Writing chargeable under this Act with the Duty of Sixpence, as an Agreement, shall be unstamped, and it shall appear thereby that th^ Matter thereof is under the Value of Twenty Pounds, the Penalty payable to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, on stamping the same, shall be Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Duty, in lieu of the Penalty now by Law payable on stamping an Agreement under Hand only.

SCHEDULE referred to,

CONTAINING

THE DUTIES IMPOSED BY THIS ACT.

SCHEDULE.

Duty.

AGREEMENT for a Lease or Tack of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects for any Term not exceeding Seven Years; and Agreement, Minute, or Memorandum of Agreement, containing the Terms and*^ Conditions on which any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects are let, held, or occupied for any such Term as aforesaid.

The same Duty ns on a Lease or Tack for the Term, Rent, Consideration. and Conditions mentioned in such Agreement. Mi* nute, or Memorandum.

Provided that any Lease or Tack of the same Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Heritable Subjects afterwards made in pursuance of and conformably to any such Agreement, Minute, or Memorandum, which shall have actually paid the Duty payable on such Lease or Tack as aforesaid, shall not be chargeable with any higher Stamp Duty than Two Shillings and Sixpence, exclusive of progressive Duty, notwithstanding any Variation in the Terms or Conditions only, not affecting the Stamp Duty; and in any such Case the Lease or Tack shall, if required for the sake of Evidence, be stamped wilh a particular Stamp for denoting or testifying the Payment of the full and proper Stamp Duty on the Agreement, Minute, or Memorandum, on the same and the Agreement, Minute, or Memorandum being produced, and appearing to be executed or signed, and duly stamped in all other respects.

AGREEMENT, or any Minute or Memorandum of an Agreement, made in England or Ireland under Hand only, or made in Scotland without any Clause of Registration, and not otherwise charged nor expressly exempted from all Stamp Duty, where the Matter thereof shall he of the Value of Five Pounds or upwards, whether the same shall be only Evidence of a Contract, or obligatory upon the Parties from its being a written Instrument; together with every Schedule, Receipt, or other Matter put. or endorsed thereon or annexed thereto And where the same shall contain 2, 160 Words or upwards, then for every entire Quantity of 1, 080 Words contained therein over and above the first 1, 080 Words a further progressive Duty of -Provided always, that where divers Letters shall he offered in Evidence to prove any Agreement between the Parties who shall have written such Letters, it shall be sufficient if any of such Letters shall be stamped with a Duty of One Shilling, although the same shall in the whole contain any Quantity of Words exceeding 2, 160.

£ s. d.

0 0 6

0 0 6

* >Yt>4fr4+*Wi-

t^y44-r4

0^4-4

4-4

— *

SCHEDULE.

to — viufl pH; ik\

: -in n -? / !:*.i

i. .: :t 1 ---- ugj —

IX t EXCHANGE, Draft, or Order for the Payment of Money exceeding '

wWJ, iwiw changeable with the Stamp Dhty of 21. 5s .; ' 1 J

ovoon bin* -j */t i - i -i; .-"f

mbau J n fl^r1 byfery: 1,000L or Part of 1,000*. of the MoneyiheWty- rtrtidfe payable -

BILL OF EXCHANGE (Foreign) drawn in a Set of Three or more for the Payment of Money exceeding 4,000l. where qyery Bill of the Set is now chargeable with the Stamp Duty of Fifteen ShiHirigd \ x-

Every Bill of the Set, for every 1,000l. or Part of 1,000l. of the Money thereby made payable, - (, - ..

BILL OF EXCHANGE, DRAFT, or ORDER (Foreign) drawn or endorsed t United Kingdom for the Payment of Money on Demand -

swhI

>rfl tot X:)*:T -ii«0,) n htf .tin'l l

n-jai wf'>rjibao[At fan* oi I'orrwr *

tM , In'jnj'rjTui

to .Mi/iii

.niuJjnm

or Orders for the Payment by any Banker or Person feting as a Banker of any Sum of Money, though not made payable to the Bearer or to Order, and whether delivered to the Payee or jliot ,; and all Writings or Documents entitling or intended to entitle any Person whatever to the Payment from or by any Banker or Person acting as a Banker of any Sum of Money, whether the j Person to whom Payment is to be made shall be named or designated therein or not, or whether the same shall be delivered to him or not,

shall Respectively be deemed to be Bills, Drafts, or Orders for, the Payment of Money chargeable with. Stamp Duty, as if the same had i be^pade payable to Bearer or to Order.

Proyi^qd -alwhys, that any One Document or Writing, although directing thpf Payment of several Sums of Money to different Persons, shall be icj^ngeable with Stamp Duty as One Order only.

t / f It f» I' ' .

j ., v . Exemptions.

Any tiraft qv Order drawn bp any Batiker upon any other Banker, not payable to Bearer or to Order, and used solely for the Purpose of settling or clearing any Account between such Bankers.

I -; i f-:vM '

yAtqjr fetter written by a Banker to any other Banker directing the O 1 Payment of any Sum of Money, the same not being payable to | Bearer or to Order, and such Letter not being sent or delivered to ffe Person tQ whom Payment is to be made, or to any Person y O 0 °* his behalf; and all Warrants or Orders for the Payment of any

Aqnifffy granted by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the N<ytjkmal Debt, or for the Payment of any Dividend or Interest on " fare in the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds, or Orders drawn by the Accountant-General of the of Chancery in England or Ireland, shall be exempt from all Stamp Duty.

4-Mb

1

L2L ...V X

-j bmnni --CP.il I /U'(\

0 3 4

The same Duty as on an Inland Bill of Exchange for the Payment of Money otherwise than on Demand, according to the

0

O

: V f. I: I > /.

23° VICTORIA, c. 15.

SCHEDULE. Duty.

COPY. — Certified Copy or Extract of or from any Register of Births, Baptisms, Marriages, Deaths, or Burials - The said Duty to be paid by the Person requiring any such Copy or Extract. Exemptions. Copies of Entries of Baptisms, Marriages, and Burials transmitted to the Registrar of the Diocese, in pursuance of the 52 Geo. 3. c. 146. Certified Copies of Registers sent by Superintending Registrars to the General Registrar, in pursuance of the 6 8f 7 W. 4. c. 86. And Copies or Extracts made or given under or in pursuance of the 7 Victoria, c. 15., to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories. £ s. d. 0 0 1

COST BOOK MINES. — Any Note, Instrument, or Writing requesting or authorizing the Purser or other Officer of any Mining Company conducted on the Cost Book System to enter or register any Transfer of any Share or Shares or Part of a Share in any Mine; or any Notice to such Purser o«r Officer of any such Transfer ---- 0 0 6

DECLARATION in lieu or in the Nature of an Affidavit, in any Case where, C if the same were an Affidavit, it would be chargeable with any Stamp< Duty - - - The same Duty as would be chargeable on such Affidavit.

DELIVERY ORDER. — Any Writing or Document commonly called a Delivery Order, or by whatever Name the same shall be designated, entitling or intended to entitle any Person therein named, or his Assigns, or the Holder thereof, to the Delivery of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise of the Value of Forty Shillings or upwards, lying in any Dock or Port or in any Warehouse in which Goods are Btored or deposited on Rent or Hire, or upon any Wharf, such Writing or Document being signed by or on behalf of the Owner of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, upon the Sale or Transfer of the Property therein ---- 0 0 1

DOCK WARRANT. — Any Warrant or Document commonly called a Dock Warrant, or any other Writing or Document, by whatever Name the same shall be designated, which shall evidence the Title of any Person therein named, or his Assigns, or the Holder thereof, to the Property in any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise lying in any Dock or Warehouse or upon any Wharf, such Writing or Document being signed or certified by or on behalf of the Company or Person in whose Custody such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise may be ---- . Exemption. Any Writing or Document given by any Inland Carrier acknowledging the Receipt of Goods conveyed by such Carrier. 0 0 3

LETTER or POWER of ATTORNEY for the Sale, Transfer, or Acceptance of any of the Government or Parliamentary Stocks or Funds not exceeding in Value 201 .; or for the Receipt of any Sum of Money, or any Cheque, Note, or Draft for any Sum of Money, not exceeding 201. $ or Dividends or Interest of any such Stocks or Funds, or any other periodical Payments not exceeding the annual Sum of 10/. ---- 0 5 0

95

23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to make further Provision concerning Mortgages and other Dispositions of Property belonging to Municipal Corporations in England and Ireland.

[15th May 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision concerning Mortgages and other " Dispositions of Property belonging to Municipal Corporations:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In any Case where the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury approve of any Mortgage of any Hereditaments of the Body Corporate of any Borough, the said Commissioners may, as a Condition of their Approval, require that the Money borrowed on the Security of such Mortgage shall be repaid, with all Interest thereon, in Thirty Years, or any less Period, and either by Instalments or by means of a Sinking Fund, or both, as the Baid Commissioners may think flt; and in every such Case the Sums required for providing for the Repayment of the Principal and Interest of the Money borrowed shall by virtue of this Act become charged upon the Hereditaments comprised in such Mortgage (without Prejudice to the Security thereby created), or any other Hereditaments (if any) of the said Body Corporate, or the Borough Fund, or the Borough or other Rates legally applicable for the Payment or Discharge of the Money borrowed, or the Expenses which such Money may be borrowed to defray, or on all or any of the Securities aforesaid, as the said Commissioners may direct.

II. When any Money to be borrowed as aforesaid is directed to be repaid by means of a Sinking Fund, the Council of the Borough shall, out of the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, or out of the Borough Fund or Rates on which the Sums required for such Sinking Fund are charged under this Act, invest or cause to be invested such Sums, and at such Times and in such Government Annuities, as the said Commissioners may direct, and shall also from Time to Time invest or cause to be invested in like Manner all Dividends of such Annuities, so as to accumulate at Compound Interest, and all Annuities in which such Investments are made shall, in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland respectively, be placed to the Account of the Body Corporate, and " In the Matter of the Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act, 1860," and the Dividends of such Annuities shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Council by Power of Attorney under the Corporate Seal of the Borough from Time to Time appoint, and shall be invested as herein directed; but the Annuities to be purchased shall not be sold or transferred without the Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, addressed to the Chief Accountant of the Bank of England or of the Bank of Ireland (as the Case may require); and the Direction in Writing of the Council of the Borough by Power of Attorney under the Corporate Seal of the Borough, with such Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners, shall be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England or of the Bank of Ireland (as the Case may be) for permitting the Transfer of such Aiftiuities or any Part thereof.

III. Where any Purchase Money or Compensation has been paid into the Bank of England or Ireland, under any Act of Parliament, in respect of any Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, purchased or taken from any such Body Corporate, or in respect of any permanent Damage to any Land of any such Body Corporate, and the said Commissioners approve of the Payment of such Money or Compensation, or of any Money to arise from the Sale of any Government Securities in which the same may have been invested, to such Body Corporate or their Treasurer, the said Commissioners may, as a Condition of their Approval, require Provision to be made for raising in manner herein-before provided with respect to a Sinking Fund for Repayment of Money borrowed on Mortgage, and investing in Government Annuities a Sum equivalent to the Amount of Money so paid to such Body Corporate or their Treasurer; and the Provisions herein-before contained in the Case of a Sinking Fund, as to the Mode of investing, Payment of Dividends,

23 Vict. N and

Treasury, in approving Mortgages by Municipal Corporations, may require Money borrowed to be repaid within a limited Time, by Instalments or by a Sinking Fund, or by both.

How Sinking Fund to be raised.

When Money paid into the Bank, under any Act of Parliament, for Purchase of Lands, &c. of a Municipal Corporation, is paid out, Treasury may require Provision to be made for replacing the Amount

Not to apply to Money, when Provision for its Application is contained in any Local Act

Treasury may, where they authorise a Sale of Land of any Municipal Corporation, direct Investment of Proceeds.

Power to apply certain Investments for the Benefit of the Borough.

Proviso, setting aside, in certain Cases, Direction as to Investment of Proceeds.

Provision for Cases of Mortgage, &c. before the passing of this Act.

23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

and Transfer of Annuities, shall be applicable in the Case of Investments under this Provision; and the said Commissioners shall, when it appears to them that an Amount of Annuities equivalent to the Amount paid as aforesaid has been raised by Investment under this Enactment, direct that the Accumulation shall cease; and such Annuities and the Dividends thereof shall thenceforth be applicable as the same would have been if such Annuities had arisen from Investment under the Act of Parliament under which such Purchase Money or Compensation as aforesaid became payable: Provided always, that this Section shall not apply to any Money payable to a Body Corporate, when Provision for the Application of such Money, or of the Price or Compensation from which such Money has been derived, is contained in any Local Act of Parliament relating thereto, and the Money is to be paid to such Body Corporate, to be applied in conformity with such Provision.

IV. Where the said Commissioners approve of the Sale of any Hereditaments, or any Interest therein, of any such Body Corporate, their Approval may be subject to such Conditions for and in relation to the Investment of the Proceeds of such Sale for the Benefit of such Body Corporate as the said Commissioners may see fit, and where they direct the same to be invested in Government Annuities, the Provisions herein-before contained as to the Mode of investing, Payment of Dividends, and Transfer of such Annuities, shall be applicable, but npt so as to render necessary any Accumulation ,; ' or if the said Commissioners see fit to consent to the Application of the Proceeds of such Sale or iuay Part thereof for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Borough, they may as a Condition of their Consent require the like Provision to be made as they are authorised to require in the Ca9e of their Approval of Payment to any such Body Corporate or their Treasurer as herein-before mentioned; and this Enactment shall apply as well to any Money received for Equality of Exchange by any such Body Corporate as to the Proceeds of the Sale of any Hereditaments or Interest in Hereditaments of any such Body Corporate.

V. The said Commissioners may at any Time consent to the Application of any Annuities arising from Investments under either of the Two last preceding Sections, or of the Moneys to arise from the Sale thereof or any Part thereof respectively, for the Benefit of the Inhabitants of the Borough, and as a Condition of their Consent may require the like Provision to be made as they are authorized to require in the Case of their Approval of Payment to any such Body Corporate or their Treasurer as herein-before mentioned. Mid so from Time to Time, as often as the said Commissioners think fit, and the Provisions of this Act shall be applicable accordingly: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall be deemed to make it imperative on the said Commissioners to require such Provision as aforesaid as a Condition of their Assent to the Application of such Annuities or Moneys, or to the Payment of any Purchase Money or Compensation in respect of Hereditaments of a Body Corporate (or Money to arise from the Sale of Investments thereof), to such Body Corporate or its Treasurer, where, by reason of the Application of such Annuities or Moneys to Improvement of the Property of such Body Corporate, or for the permanent Benefit of the Borough or otherwise, under the special Circumstances of the Case, the Commissioners in their Discretion think fit to dispense with such Provision.

VI. Where before the passing of this Act the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have approved of any Mortgage of the Hereditaments of the Body Corporate of any Borough, and on such Approval have required a Sinking Fund to be formed from Time to Time in the Name of Trustees, or have approved of the Payment to any such Body Corporate or their Treasurer of any such Purchase Money or Compensation as aforesaid, or of any Money arising from the Sale of any Government Securities m which the same may have been invested, and have on such Approval required Provision to be made for raising, by means of Investments in the Names of Trustees, an Amount equivalent to the Amount paid with such Approval to such Body Corporate or their Treasurer, or have approved of the Sale or Alienation of any Hereditaments or Interest therein of any such Body Corporate, and have required on such Approval the Investment of the Proceeds of such Sale in the Names of Trustees, the said Commissioners may require any Securities in which any such Investments may have been already made to be transferred into the Name of such Body, and " In the Matter of the Municipal Corporation Mortgages, ic.

Act,

97

23° VICTORIA, c. 16.

Act, 1860/' or may require auy Money applicable for the Purposes of such Sinking Fund to be invested in the Purchase of Government Annuities in the Name of such Body, and " In the Matter of the Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act, 1860 and the Order in Writing of the said Commissioners for that Purpose shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Trustees from all Claims in respect of the Transfer of such Securities in pursuance of such Order, and the said Commissioners may in the respective Cases aforesaid give such Directions as they might give in the analogous Cases herein-before provided for, arising after the passing of this Act, of as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case .may require, and the Provisions of this Act shall be applicable accordingly.

VII. If any Person authorized to receive the Moneys to arise from the Sale of any Annuities or Securities purchased or transferred under this Act, or any Dividends, or any other such Money as aforesaid, appropriate the same otherwise than as directed by this Act, or by the said Commissioners in pursuance thereof, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject in respect thereof to the Provisions of the Act of the Session holden in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-four, applicable to any Person guilty of a Misdemeanor under that Act.

VIII. In every Case, in which the Council of any City or Borough in England, the Body Corporate of which has npt Power to purchase or acquire Land and Hereditaments, or to hold Land in Mortmain, deem it expedient to purchase or otherwise acquire, for public Purposes, any Hereditaments, such Council shall represent the Circumstances of the Case tq the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and it shall be lawful for such Council, with the Approbation of the said Commissioners, to purchase or acquire any Hereditaments in such Manner and on such Terms and Conditions as may have been approved Of by thb said Commissioners, and such Hereditaments may be conveyed to and holden by the Body Corporate fit such Borough accordingly; and in any such Case as aforesaid, and also in any Other Cluse where the said Commissioners are satisfied, upon Representation, of the Circum-uUBC08>i thutalhor auy Part of the Purchase Money of any Hereditaments proposed to be purchased lor public Purposes by the Council of a Borough should be raised by Mortgage or Charge aa herein-after mentioned, the Council may, with the Approbation of the Commissioners, charge and make liable, by way of Mortgage or otherwise, the Hereditaments so to be purchased, or any other Hereditaments of the Body Corporate, or the Borough Fund, or Borough Rates of the Borough, or all ox any of the Securities aforesaid, with tibe Payment of any Money necessary for effecting such Purchase, and Interest; and the Provisions herein-before contained with reference to the Approval of Mortgages shall be applicable in the Case as well of Charge on the Borough Rates or Borough Fund as of Mortgages under this Provision 3 provided that Notice of the Intention of the Council to make! such Application shall be given, and a Copy of the Memorial intended to be sent be opened io Inspection as by Law required in the Case of a like Application in relation to a Disposition of Hereditaments.

IX. Where any Application by the Council of any Borough is made for the Approbation

of the said Commissioners to any proposed Disposition, Purchase, or Acquisition of any Property, and the said Commissioners either altogether refuse the Application or grant their Approbation conditionally, or otherwise qualify the same, Notice of the Correspondence between the said Commissioners and the Council shall forthwith and for One Month be fixed on the outer Door of the Town Hall, or in some public and conspicuous Place within the Boreugh, end a Copy of such Correspondence shall during the same Period be kept in qjie Town Clerk's Office, n*d be freely opqa, to, the like Inspection as by Law provided with respect to the Copy of the Memorial Containing such Application required to be kept in such Office. -i *

X. M^hereas in certain Boroughs Mortgage Debts have been heretofore incurred, for ' the Payment and Discharge of which no adequate legal Provision now exists:' It shall be lawful for the Corporation of any such Borough to submit to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury any Scheme for the Discharge of any such Debts, by Instalments, or by a Sinking Funa, or by both, extending over any Term of Years; and if the said Commissioners approve of such Scheme, the Sums required for providing for the Discharge of


Penalty for Misappropriation of Moneys, as stated in 20 & 21 Vict c. 54.

Councils of Cities or Boroughs may acquire Lands, &c. with the Consent of the Treasury.

Answer of the Treasury to Applications of the Council to be published, ' 8k c.

Corporations may submit Schemes to Commissioners of Treasury for Payment of Borough Mortgage Debt.

As to Payment of Debts due under Authority of Acts of Parliament.

Power of Local Boards in Boroughs.

Not to affect Powers under Local Acts.

Act to be construed with 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 76. and 3 & 4 Vict c. 108.(1.)

[Short Title.]

23' VICTORIA, c. 16.

the Debt to which such Scheme relates, in the Manner proposed therein, shall, by virtue of this Act, become charged upon all or any of the Hereditaments of the Body Corporate, or the Borough Fund/or the Borough Rates, or any other Rates- ivhksh \ypuld have been applicable to ot* towards the Discharge of such Debtp, or qu all or any of the Securities aforesaid, as the said Commissioners may approve and direct; and the Provisions Hereinbefore contained applicable where Provision is made for Repayment of Money borrowed on Mortgage by a Sinking Fuad and Instalments, or both, except thfe Limitation to a Period of Thirty Years, shall be applicable to the Provision for the Discharge of Mortgage Debt under this Provision; provided that Notice of the Intention of the Council to make* Application to the said Commissioners for the Approval of any such Scheme shall be grreni and a Copy of the Memorial intended to be sent shall be open to Inspection, in like Manner as in Cases of Application to the Commissioners for their Approval of a Disposition of Hereditaments.

XI. And whereas in certain Boroughs sundry Debts have from Time to Time been

incurred under the Authority of Acts of Parliament, with different Periods assigned for the Discharge of the same: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Corporations of such Boroughs respectively, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and with the Consent in Writing of the Persons or Bodies Corporate to whom such Debts respectively may be owing, previously obtained, to consolidate all such sundry Debts into One, and thereon to make Provision for the Discharge of such consolidated Debt, by annual Instalments or by a Sinking Fund, or by both, extending over a Period not exceeding Thirty Years, and to make such annual Instalments or Payments a legal Charge upon the Borough Fund or the Borough Bates, or any other Bates which Would have been applicable to or towards the Discharge of such Debts, or on sril or-any of the Securities-aforesaid* as the said Commissioners may approve and direct; provided that Notice of the Intention of the Council to make Application to the said Commissioners for the Purpose aforesaid shall be given, and a Copy of the Memorial intended to be sent shall be open to Inspection, in like Manner as in Cases of Application to the Commissioners for their Approval of a Disposition of Hereditaments.

XII. Where in any Borough subject to the Provisions of the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty Xing William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation <tf Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, a Surplus is standing to the Credit of the Borough Fund arising from the Rents and Profits of the Property of the Corporation, and not from a Borough Rate, and such Borough is a District within the Meaning of the " Public Health Act (1848)," the Corporation; acting as the Local Board of Health of such Borough, may, with the Consent of such Corporation, apply such Surplus in Payment. of any Expenses that have been previously to the passing of this Act or may hereafter be incurred by them acting as the Local Board of Health of such Borough in the Improvement of the Borough or of any J Part thereof, by: Drainage, Enlargement of Streets, or otherwise, in pursuance of the " Public Health Act (1848)," and the " Local Government Act (1858)," or of One of such Acts.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall repeal, abridge, or affect any Power or Authority of any Body Corporate, or the Council of any Borough, under any Local Act of Parliament relating to such Body Corporate or Borough.

XIV. This Act shall, As regards England, be construed with the Act of the' S^sAion holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, as One Act; and shall, as regards Ireland, be construed with the Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight, T

XV. This Act may be cited as "The Municipal Corporation Mortgage?, &6/ Act, 1860."

99

23° VICTORIA, c. 17, 18.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[15th May 1860.]

WHEREAS the Inclosur^ Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchai^ge, and Improvement of Land," issued ' their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the

Schedule to this Act, and have in their Fifteenth Annual General Report certified their

Opinion that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded

with without the previous Authority of Parliament:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the name, as follows: IncIo8ure8 in

1. That the stud several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be S<*edolemay j, .r r proceeded

proceeded with. with.

[Short Title.]

II. In citiHg this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall Jbe suro^ien^ m'ustp either1 the Eipt^srfon ir The Annual Incite Jfe Act, 1860," or " The Acts for the ^ndosure. Exchange, and Improvement of IAnd." f

ny -»vn, S, GHJEPUIiE to whi<& tH^ct refers.

Horsted Keynes Broadhurst Easington -

Pwt«m >. <\, jUvfbao^el-iy^Gtt>ydiUn and Gwnws

1 , apd IJanatephwx A, -

ommon-

!; kna'Bhti^htbh Albph j Cdmknonable Fields: -

iq j!j.

r — rr — COUnfcy.1 r > *

Southampton

- Sussex

- York -

- Oxford r >-

i. p Anglesey r

Y, 0rk .; . r

T Cardigan -

- Devon r

- Radnor -

- Brecon

-; Hereford -

Kent -

i - ' Essex -

- Brecon

Date of Provisional Order.

2d June 18 & 9.

18th May 185a 7th July 1859.

21st July JL859.

28th July 1859. - ., .t; 17th November'! 85$|., loth Decemhe^l&59. 24th November 1859. 22d December 1859. 22d December 1859. 24th November 1859. 12th January 1860. 22d December 1859. 22d December 1859.

Cap. xviri.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to Marriages in England and Ireland, by extending certain Provisions thereof to Persons professing with the Society of Friends called Quakers.

[15th May 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years .*/ of the Rei^n of King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five, intituled j.in Act 6 & 7 W.4. for Marriages in England, it was enacted, that the Society of Friends, commonly called c*85,

Quakers, might continue to contract and solemnize Marriage according to the Usages of the said Society, and every such Marriage was thereby declared and confirmed good in ' Law, provided that the Parties to such Marriage were both of the said Society; provided

7 9c 8 Vict.

C. 81.

Marriages of Quakers may be solemnized in Cases where One only or where neither of the Parties shall be a Member of the Society of Friends, under Provisions herein named.

Enactments now in force to extend to every Marriage contracted under the Authority of this Act

23° VICTORIAE, c. 18, 19.

also, that Notice to the Registrar should, have bqen, given, and the Registrar's Certificate

should have Issued in manner therein-after provided: And whereas by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and.Eighth Xeavs ipf the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter Eighty-one, intituled An Act for Marriages in Ireland, and for, registering suck 1 Marriages, it was enacted, that the Society of Friends, commonly called Quaker^ might

continue to contract and solemnize Marriage according to the Usages of the said Society,

and that i'u rv .-noli Marriage Aould he deemed good in Law, provided that the Parties

f to su^h M arriage were both of the v i 1 S^.-irty; provided a 1^0, that Notice to the Registrar should have been given and the Registrar's Certificate sftOtQd have issued in manner thorcin- after provided: And whereas it is expeditmt to extend and amend the said recited Provisions in manner herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with'thfe Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Teiuporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the1 same, as follows: — r; - r>i c:ii

I. From and after the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty Marriages may be contracted and solemnized according to the Usages of the said Society of Friends, commonly called Quakers, in England and Ireland respectively, not only in the Case'provided for by the said recited Provisions, but ^so in Cases where One only or where neither of the Parties to the Marriage shall be a Member of the said Society; Provided always, that the Party or Parties who shall not be a Member or Members of the sai^ Society shall profess with or be of the Persuasion of the said Society; provided also, that no Person who is not a Member of the said Society shall be married according to the Usages thereof unless he or she shall be authorized thereto under or in pursuance of some General Rule or Rules of the said Society in England*nd Ireland respectively i and a Copy of such General Rule or Rules purporting to be signed by the Recording Clerk for the Time being of the said Society in London and in Dublin respectively shall be admitted as Evidence of such General Rule or Rules in all Proceedings touching the Validity of any such Marriage.

II. All the Enactments now in force, whether contained in the said recited Acts or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and relating to Marriages contracted and solemnized according to the Usages of the said Society in England and Ireland respectively, and to the Registration thereof, so for. as the same are not inconsistent with this Act, shall extend and be applicable to every Marriage contracted and solemnized by the Authority of this Act in England and Ireland respectively, as fully and effectually as if the same Enactments were repeated herein.

CAP. XIX.

10 a n Vict. c. as.

is & 13 Vict.

c. 23.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 31.

An Act to extend the Act to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and the Acts amending the same, to the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Classes in Ireland.

[15th May 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, intituled An Act

(to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland: And whereas an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, was passed " to authorize further Advances of Money for the Improvement of Landed Property, and ' "the Extension and Promotion of Drainage and other Works of public Utility, in " Ireland:" And whereas another Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-one, was passed " to authorize further Advances of Money for ' " Drainage and the Improvement of Landed Property in the United Kingdom, and to " amend the Acts relating to such Advances:" And whereas, under the Eighth Section of the said last-recited Act, Loans were authorized to be made for the Erection of Farm

101

23° VICTORIA}, !c.' 19, 2ft

Buildings inIfehrtA, and it 5s efcp^diefct to authorise Loftris-toi be made in like-Manner f for the Erection of Dwellings for the Labouring Claeses in Inland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefcent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

That out of any Money, authorized to be advanced for facilitating the Improvement of Landed Property m Ireland, under the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, of under the said secondly-recited Act, or under such Part of the thirdly-recited Act as relates fo the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, Loans may be made for the Erection of Dwellings for Labourers and their Families in any Case in which it sh^all appear to the Commissioners for Public Works in Ireland that more or improved Accommodation for such Labourers is .required; and the Commissioners, as the Condition of such Loan, shall require existing Dwellings to be removed, if they shall consider such Removal expedient, and shall not sanction the Erection of any greater Number of Dwellings by means of such Loan than they shall consider sufficient for the Accommodation of the Labourers required for the proper Cultivation of the Estate on which any such Loan is to be advanced, or of the Portion of such Estate on which such Dwellings are to be erected; and all the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Tenth Year of Her Majesty, and the said secondly and thirdly irecited Acts, so far aS the same are applicable, shall be construed in like Manner as if the EfclcKbn of Dwellings, as aforesaid, for the Labouring Classes had been enumerated in such rtecite^ Act of the Tenth of Her Majesty among the Purposes for which Loans might be made tinder that Act. '

II. This Act shall continue in force until the Expiration of Ten Years from the passing thereof, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XX.

An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen million 4wo hundred and thirty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Dills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

[15th May 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United King " dom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United "Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Time or Times, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made ant at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, in like Manner as is prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Otie, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth* Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six. 1

II. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer

Loan 8 may be made out of Money granted for the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland for the Erection of Dwell* ings for the Labouring Classes in Cases herein stated.

Term of Act!

Power to Treasury to raise 13, 230,000l. by Exchequer Bills in like Manner as is prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15.

5 & Vict c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited ' Acts extended to this Act.

IQ2

asriVienaKL, «. 20, 21.

Extit^uerlBiUs to bemfcde out ini pursuance of this Act, as folly and: Purposes as if particularity repeated and re-enacted in this Act r

III. It; shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Iter Majesty's Treasury to issue £iid apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to :otfey raised. made out in punuianoe of this: AM to sack Services os shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present^ Session iof Parliament. 1 i >-

The Treasury to issue and apply the Mohr

Bill how to be IV. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall

charged and be charged upon and shall be paid out of any Supplies to be hereafter granted by Parliament for that Purpose.

paid.

Irfterest on Bills.

Bills charged on Supplies to be current in Payment of Public Revenue after Twelve Calendar Months from their Dates.

Bank of England may advance 13, 230,000l. on the Credit of Bills, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. C. 20.

V. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall bear Date on such

Days subsequently to the passing of this Act 03 tbfe Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer., , j *

VI. All the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them as

shall from Time to Time rotnaitt undischarged and uneanoelled, shall, after Twelve Calendar Monfthe from their respective Dates, he taken and shall pass and be currdnt to all the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever already granted or payable, qr which shall hereafter be granted or payable, to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making any Payment there to Her Majesty, Hey Hell's and Successors* upon any Account whatever .: '

VII. It shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds; anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Alary, Chapter Twenty, oar hi any subsequent Act* to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 99.

C A R XXL

An Act to amend the Act for better regulating the Business of Pawnbrokers.

[15th May 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for better regulating the Business

of Pawnbrokers, it is enacted, that every Pawnbroker shall, at the Time of the taking of

every Pawn, Pledge, or Exchange whatsoever, give to the Person or Persons so pawning,

pledging, or exchanging the same a.Note or Memorandum containing a Description thereof, with other Particulars, as in the Sixth Section of the said Act mentioned, and that every such Note, where the Sum lent shall be Icsb than Five Shillings, shall he delivered gratis:

And whereas it is expedient that Amendment should be made with respect to such Delivery i Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice end Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

Pawnbrokers J. Upon and from the Commencement of this Act it shall be lawful for all Persons using One Halfpenny an<3 exercising the Trade or Business of a Pawnbroker to take Ouc Halfpenny for every

i23fiyicnaHjjff, bi'zi.sa. ios

auehlNoteior'iM^ is afores^d where lliei Sum lent i shall be less than Ten Shillings, for Notes

anything in the said Aotf contained to* the conrtrdryi^wft^ and the said Sixth I^Sgs pawned

Section of the said. Act shall be reafi and construed as if it contained no Enactment for the underlet Delivery of any Note or Memorandum gratis, , ' t

II. Provided That for every such Note or Memorandum where the Sum lent shall'Swnsctf

be- Ten^Shilhngjs or upwards, the respective Sum* Specified in stlcli Behalf in the said Sixth (^upwards to

Section shall and may be taken as heretofore. remain as stated

in Sect 6. of

-1 I " recited Act

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

[15th May 1860.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The following Duty of Customs shall be ebarajed on the Article next herein-after men- Duty of tiouedy onr Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, on and after the Eleventh Day of Customs on February, One thousand eight hundred and sixty; that is to say, cory *

Chickay, or any other Vegetable Matter applicable to the tJses of Chicory £ s, d. or Coffey; viz.

— — — r^w or kiln dried -, -, - - the Cwt. 0 6 0

II. In lieu of the Dirties and Drawbacks of Customs now charged or allowed on the As to Duties Articles undermentioned, the following Ejuties of Custpms shall, on and after the Twenty- "cStomaon8 ninth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty, be charged thereon, on Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive; that is to say,

£ 6. d

0 3 0

0 3 0

0 3 0

On and after the 1st Day of January 1861* — And without any Allowance for Drawback.

Wine containing less than the following Rates of Proof Spirit, verified by Sykes's

Hydrometer; viz. lf imported in

Bottles.

18 Degrees. 26 Degrees. 40 Degrees.

of or from1 Foreign Countries:— £ S. d. £ s. d. £ d. £ s. d.

Red - - the Gallon 0 1 0 0 1 6 0 2 0 0 2 0

White - - the Gallon 0 1 0 0 1 6 0 2 0 0 2 0

/ Leeeofsuch Wane - - the Gallon 0 1 0 0 16 0 2 0 0 0

— — h the Growth and Produce of any British Ros

i session 'rmrm

Red - , - . - the Gallon oio 0 1 6 0 2 0 0 2 0

White - the Gallon 0 1 0 0 1 6 0 2 0 0 2 0

Lees of such Wine - - the Gallon 0 1 0 0 1 6 0 2 0 r 0 2 0

. 23 VICT. O Provided

Wine of or from Foreign Countries:

---- Red - - - «. 1 - the Gallon

---- White - -- -- -- - the Gallon

---- Lees of such Wine ---- the Gallon

With an Allowance for Drawback un Exportation until the said Thirty-first Day of December One Thousand eight hundred and sixty inclusive of Three Shillings per Gallon on such Wine exported or used as Ship's Stores, but no Drawback shall be granted on Lees of Wine.

104

Power to Commissioners of Customs to limit Ports of Importation.

Power to Commissioners of Inland Revenue to make Allowances on Wine in Stock.

Power to Treasury to authorize Payment of Monies advanced by Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

23° VICTORIA, c. 22.

Provided always, that the Commissioners of Customs may by their Order from Time to Time determine into what Ports in Great Britain and Ireland Wine may or may not be imported; and all Wine imported into any Port contrary thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise dealt with as the said Commissioners may see tit to direct.

III. It shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to allow or cause to be allowed to all and every Licensed Dealer and Dealers in Wine in Great Britain and Ireland Two Shillings and Ninepence for every Gallon of Wine (reckoning Six reputed Quart Bottles to the Gallon) for which all the Duties repealed by this Act shall have been paid, and which was in Stook, and was the sole Property of any such Dealer or Dealers, on the Tenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty; provided always, that such Dealer shall prove, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, that the Customs Duty has been paid by him within the respective Times herein-after limited on an equal or greater Quantity of Wine of the like Description; (that is to say,) if the Wine be Portugal or French Red Wine, within Two Years, or, if the same be any other Foreign Wine, within Six Months, preceding respectively the said last-mentioned Day; and if the Wine in Stock be greater than the Quantity on which he shall have paid Duty as last aforesaid, then he shall be allowed the scud Two Shillings and Ninepence per Gallon on the said last-mentioned Quantity: Provided also, that no such Allowance shall be made to any such Dealer or Dealers in Wine unless he or they respectively shall hold a Licence to deal in Wine for which he shall have paid the Duty of Ten Guineas, or a Licence to retail Wine to be consumed on the Premises, and a Licence to deal in Spirits, or be a Person authorized to sell Wine under the Provisions of the Act Six George Fourth, Chapter Eighty-one, Section Thirty; norunless such Dealer shall show to the Satisfaction of the Officers of Excise or Inland Revenue that he has not received into his Stock or had on the same Premises any Cape Wine, Wine from the Channel Islands, or Qweets, and that he has conformed in all other respects to the Regulations of the Commissioners of Excise or Inland Revenue and Customs issued from Time to Time in relation to Wine on which any Allowance of Duty was intended to be claimed in the event of a ^Reduction of the Customs Duty thereon; nor unless such Dealer shall have made the Declaration in respect of his Stock of Wine as the Commissioners of Excise or Inland Revenue shall have required, and the Truth whereof shall have been verified, when required, by Examination of the said Stock and of the Stock and Bin Book of such Dealer; nor unless all such Wine entered by such Dealers shall have been accompanied by a Duplicate Warrant from the Customs, and every such Warrant shall have been lodged with th3 Excise within One Month from its Date; nor unless such Dealer shall have at all Times kept open to the Inspection of the Officers of Excise or Inland Revenue a Stock Book containing the Stock originally declared, and also Entries of every Parcel subsequently received in or delivered out, and a separate Entry of all Wine exported; nor unless at the Time of claiming the Allowance hereby granted such Dealer shall make a Declaration of the Quantity and Description of his Stock, verified as aforesaid, and the same, and the Stock Book, shall be found correct; provided also, that every such Dealer shall, on claiming such Allowance, make a solemn Declaration whether any and how much of such Wine in his Possession on the Tenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty has been exported on Drawback between the said Tenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty and Twenty-eighth Day of the same Month inclusive; and no Allowance shall be granted in respect of Wine so exported on Drawback between those Days.

IV. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall cause a separate Account to be kept of all Sums of Money paid or advanced by them as Allowances under the Authority of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury and they are hereby empowered, by Warrant under their Hands, from Time to Time to authorize and require the Comptroller of the Exchequer to pay over, out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing Produce thereof, such Sum or Sums of Money so paid or advanced as they shall think proper to the Account of the Receiver General of Inland Revenue; and all such Sums of Money so paid over to such last-mentioned Receiver General shall be applied and dealt with in the same Manner as Monies arising or coming to his Hands from Duties of Inland Revenue,

V. The

29° VICTORIA, o. 22.

105

V. The Duties of Customs, chargeable upon the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise next Duties charged herein-after mentioned, imported into Great Britain and Ireland, shall cease and determine on and after the Third Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, except as to motioned, im-

Artkles against which other Dates are inserted; that is to say, ported, to cease

on and after March 3, 1860, except as to Articles against -which other Dates are inserted.

Agates or Cornelians, set

Apples, ra\V -

---- of and from British Possessions

for every 100/, Value. - the Bushel. - - the Bushel.

Arms; viz.

---- Swords, Cutlasses, Matchets, Bayonets, Gun Barrels, Gun Locks, Cannon and

Mortars of Iron, not mounted, nor accompanied with Carriages - the Cwt.

— ---- Cannon and Mortars of Brass, not mounted, nor accompanied with Carriages,

the Cwt

---- Cannon and Mortars, mounted or accompanied with Carriages, and other Firearms; viz., Muskets, Rifles, Carbines, Fowling Pieces, or Guns of any other Sort, not enumerated, and Pistols - for every 100/. Value.

Brass, Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated - the Cwt.

Brocade of Gold -

— «--- of Silver -

Bronze, Manufactures of, or of Metal, bronzed or lacquered -

Canes, Walking Canes, or Sticks, mounted, painted, or otherwise ornamented

---- Umbrella and Parasol Sticks -

Caoutchouc, Manufactures of -

Cherries, raw -

China or Porcelain Ware, plain, painted, gilt, or ornamented -Clocks; viz.

---- not exceeding the Value of 5 s. each -

— ---- exceeding the Value of 5$. and not exceeding the Value of 12s,

- the lb.

- the lb. the Cwt. the 100. the 100.

- the lb. - the Bushel.

- the Cwt.

- the lb. the Dozen Pairs, the Dozen Pairs, the Dozen Pairs.

- the Dozen. 6d. each, the Dozen.

---- exceeding the Value of 12s. 6d. and not exceeding the Value of 31 each - each.

---- exceeding the Value of 3/. and not exceeding the Value of 10/. each - each.

---- exceeding the Value of 10/. each - - -, - each.

Corks, squared for rounding ---- the Cwt.

Cotton Manufactures; viz.

---- Fringe -

---- Gloves of Cotton or Thread -

— ---- Stockings of Cotton or Thread -

---- Socks or Half Hose of Cotton or Thread

---- Articles or Manufactures of Cotton, wholly or in part made up, not otherwise enumerated ---- every 100/. Value.

Earthenware, not otherwise enumerated or described - the Cwt.

Embroidery and Needlework; viz.

---- on Silk, or Silk mixed with other materials, not being Silk Net,

every 100/. Value.

---- of and from British Possessions - every 100/. Value.

---- Silk Net, figured with the Needle, being imitation Lace, and Articles thereof,

the lb.

— t — -- Cotton Net, figured with the Needle, being imitation Lace, and Articles thereof,

the lb.

— — Curtains, commonly called Swiss, embroidered on Muslin or Net - - the lb.

— — ---- nil other Embroidery not enumerated - every 100/. Value.

— ---- of and from British Possessions - - every 100/, Value.

Feathers: —

---- Ostrich, dressed ---- the lb.

---Paddy Bird, dressed - - - the lb.

---- not otherwise enumerated or described; viz.

Dressed -

Flowers, Artificial

- the lb. - per CubiclFoot Fruit,

23° 'C. 22.

i*ruit, raw, not otherwise enumerated Grapes - 1 -

Gijfta Percha, Manufactures of, pot moulded Articles, moulded

the Bushel, the Bushel. - the Owt. - the lb.

Ha^r; Manufactures of Hair or Goats Wool, or olf Hair or G oats Wool and any other i Material, wholly or In part made up - -; 1 - 1 for'cvei*^ ICO/. Value.

Hats orkounets; viz. " '* 1

- — — — of Chip - - *; ' - the lb.

— — — of Bast, Cane, or Horsehair - - th4 lb.

— ---- of Straw - - - the lb.

7 ---- of Hair, Wool, or Beaver - - - each.

— — — of Felt - ' each.

Hats of Silk or Silk Shag, laid upon Felt, Linen, or other Material - - each.

Iron and Steel, wrought or manufactured; viz.

---- Machinery, Wrought, Castings, Tools, Cutlery, and other Manufactures of Iron

or Steel, not enumerated - - the Cwt.

---- fancy ornamental Articles of Iron or Steel - - a the Cwt.

— — — — Manufactures of, coated with Brass or Copper by any Galvanic Process, the Gwt. Jewels, Emeralds, and other Precious Stones, set - - for every 100L Value.

Lace, and Articles thereof; vi2. 1 '

— Mohair or Worsted - - - the lb.

— | ---- Thread or Cotton Pillow Lace (not being Brussels, Point, or Saxon Bone Luce),

not exceeding One Inch in Width - the lb.

---- exceeding One Inch in Width - - the lb.

---- Silk Pillow Lace (not being Saxon Wire Ground Lace), and Application, the lb.

---- Silk Saxon Wire Ground Lace, and all Lace known as Maltese - J - the lb.

---- Brussels Point and other Lace made by the Hand, not otherwise enumerated,

for every 100/. Value.

Lead, Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated - . the Cwt.

Leather Manufactures (except Gloves); viz.

---- Boots, Shoes, and Calashes - - the Dozen Pairs.

---- Womens Boots and Calashes - - the Dozen Pairs.

---- if lined or trimmed with Fur or other Trimmings - the Dozen Pairs.

---- Shoes with Cork or Double Soles, quilted Shoes and Clogs, the Dozen Pairs.

---- if trimmed or lined with Fur or any other Trimming - the Dozen Pairs.

---- of Silk, Satin, Jean, or other Stuffs, Kid, Morocco, or other Leather,

the Dozen Pairs.

---- if trimmed or lined with Fur or any other Trimming the Dozen Pairs.

---- Girls Boots, Shoes, and Calashes, not exceeding Seven Inches in Length,

the Dozen Pairs.

---- Men's Boots and Shoes:

---- if the Quarter do not exceed Two and Three Quarter Inches, or the Vamp

Four Inches in Height from the Sole inside - - the Dozen Pairs.

---- If either the Quarter or Vamp exceed the above Dimensions, but do not exceed Six Inches m Height from the Sole inride the Dozen Pairs. ---- if either the Quarter or Vamp do exceed Six Inches in Height from the

Sole inside

---- Boys Boots, not exceeding Seven Inches in Length

---- Shoes, not exceeding Seten Inches in Length

— i — Boot Fronts, not exceeding Nine Inches in Height

---- exceeding Nine Inches in Height

---- Boot Backs -

---- cut into Shapes -

Gl6ves of Leather, lifter the 1st August 1800:

Habit Mitts -

---- Gloves

Men's Gloves" -

Womcrfs Gloves or Mitts- -

the Dozen Pairs, the Dozen Pairs, the Dozen-Pairs, the Dozen Pairs, the Dozen Pairs, the Dozen Pairs. *- the Cwt.

the Dozen Pairs. the1 Dozen Pairs, the Dozen Pairs, the Dozen Pairs.

Any

2ryiCTiW3v/c.ga.

/±ny Article made of Leather, or any Manufacture whereof Leather is the most valuable, Part, not otherwise enumerated or described - - for every 100/. Vafyie.

Linen or Linen and Cotton Manufactures; viz., f

---- r- Cambric Handkerchiefs, hemmed or hem stitched, not trimmed - / the Dozen.

---- — Articles/ Manufacture of Linen, or fa* Linei^ mixed faith Cotton or Wool, wholly

. /, qr in part made up, not particularly enumerated

Lucifers, of Wood -

---- Vesta, of Wax

Medlars - - i -H

Morphia and its Salts -

Mu weal Instruments; viz. .j } . , 7/

- - Musical Boxes, small, not exceeding Four Inches in Length.

---- large - I w u . "

Overtures or extra Accompaniments -

for every 100/. Value.

- the, Cubic Foot. - the ]f060 Matches.

the Bushel. - the lb.

r, ')

X.A *, i-te

Pianofortes, viz. Horizontal Grand

---- Upright or Square -

Harmoniums or Seraphines -

Aoooordiome* viz., common^ palled Chinepe -

other Sorts, including Fiutinas and Concertinas

. ---- of Brass, Copper, or any other Metal, and Parts of such

Xi ---- not otherwise enumerated or described

Oil of Almonds . - r

-x — Bay 8 -

Oil, Chemical, Essential, or Perfumed; viz.

; - the Air.

the 1 Air.

h . the ^ir.

- each.

- each.

- each, the 100 Notes, the 100 Notes.

T - the lb.

- //for every 100/. Value.

i - the lb. - . - the lb.

X-

X — =-

X

X

X

X

X

BeitgafAot - n

Carraway

Cassia -

Cloves

Lavender

Lemon -

Mint and Spearmint

Oil or Otto of Roses

Peppermint

(Spike X 1: -

Thyme -

undnumerated

- the lb.

- - the lb .; - the lb.

- the lb. - thp lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- - the lb. - the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

- the lb.

Opera Glasses, single - -, - - each.

; double, and ull Marine and Race Glasses, not being Telescopes - each.

Pearfamw - - , the Bushel.

Pfercussibn Caps ---- the 1,000.

Perfumery, not otherwise enumerated - . - the lb.

Quinces - - - the Bushel.

Quinine, Sulphate of - - - the oz.

Silk; viz *

- Millinery of Silkror of which the .greater Part of the Material is Silk; viz.

Turbans or Cnps - - each.

Hats or Bonnets ---- - each.

Dresses - - - each.

Corahs, Choppns, Bandannas, Tussore Cloths, lvomals, and Taffaties; viz.

- the Piece.

- the Piece.

- the Piece.

in Pieces not exceeding Yards in Length

..... exceeding (>j and not exceeding Yards in Length

— ---- exceeding 7| and not exceeding 12 Yards in Length

China Crape Shawls, Scarfs, Handkerchiefs, and Pieces; viz. Plain and Damask -

Embroidered -

Damask

- - the lb.

- the lb. the running Yard.

Silk

m

23° VICTORIA, c. 22.

Silk — contin ued.

Pongees;

viz.

in Pieces not exceeding 15 Yards in Length ... the Piece.

-exceeding 15 and not exceeding 21 Yards in Length - the Piece.

-exceeding 21 and not exceeding 31 Yards in Length - the Piece.

Handkerchiefs, plain and figured, in Pieces not exceeding 9 Yards in Length,

the Piece.

---- exceeding 9 Yards and not exceeding 18 Yards in Length the Piece.

Manufactures of Silk or of Silk and any other Material, not. being Articles wholly or in part made up, not particularly enumerated - for every 100Z. Value. ---- of and from a British Possession - for every 100/. Value.

---- Articles, Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk, and any other Material, not particularly

enumerated - - for every 100Z. Value.

---- of and from a British Possession - for every lOOi Value.

---- Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk mixed with Metal or any other Material the

Produce of Europe; viz.

Silk or Satin, plain, striped, figured, or brocaded; viz.

Broad Stuffs ---- the lb.

Articles thereof not otherwise enumerated - the lb.

---- Gauze or Crape, plain, striped, figured, or brocaded; viz.

Broad Stuffs - - - the lb.

Articles thereof not otherwise enumerated - the lb.

---- Gauze, mixed with Silk, Satin, or any other Materials, the Gauze being in less

Proportion than One Half Part of the Fabric; viz.

Broad Stuffs ---- the lb.

Articles thereof not otherwise enumerated - the lb.

---- Velvet, plain or figured; viz.

Broad Stuffs ---- the lb.

Articles thereof not otherwise enumerated - the lb.

---- Broad Stuffs, the Foundation of which is wholly composed of Cotton or

other Materials than Silk - - the lb.

---- Ribbons, plain Silk, of one Colour only - - the lb.

Plain Satin, of one Colour only - - — - - the lb.

Silk or Satin, striped, figured, or brocaded, or plain Ribbons of more than One Colour - - - the lb.

Gauze or Crape, plain, striped, figured, or brocaded - the lb.

Gauze, mixed with Silk, Satin, or other Materials, the Gauze being in less Proportion than One Half Part of the Fabric - - the lb.

Velvet or Plush, wholly of Silk, or of Silk mixed with Cotton, not exceeding Nine Inches in Width; viz.

Plain, or embossed by Depression, without Satin or Fancy Edge the lb. Figured, brocaded, striped, or spotted, or with Fancy or Satin Edge, and Silk Ribbons in any way mixed or ornamented with Velvet or Plush ---- the lb.

Fancy Silk Net or Tricot - - - the lb.

Plain Silk Lace or Net called Tulle - the lb.

Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk mixed with other Materials, called Plush, not being Ribbons . - - the lb.

Articles thereof not otherwise enumerated - the lb.

Black Plush, commonly used for making Hats - the lb.

Parasols and Umbrellas - - - each.

Damask of Silk and Wool, or of Silk and other Materials, for Furniture - - the H>.

Manufactures of Silk, or of Silk mixed with any other Materials, not particularly enumerated -for every 100/. Value.

Stay 8 or Corsets'of Linen or of Cotton, T)r of Linen and Cotton mixed, the Dozen Pairs. Sulphuric Acid - -- -- -- the lb *

Toys;

23° VICTORIA,

J0P

- the Cwt.

- the Cubic Foot.

- the Cubic Foot.

Toys; viz.

Marbles - > .

other Toys -

, V not otherwise described -

atcjhes; viz.

Watches of Gold, Silver, or any other Metal, exceeding the Value of 10/. n mk - - - ° . i! . each.

Gold, open Faces - - - each.

Hunter - - each.

Repeaters - - each.

- Silver or any other Metal not Gold - - each.

Sen Faces - each.

unters - - - each.

Repeaters - - - each.

J.

/ib.uhVy -»Vi i;

.-I.ilf, _/ '*ilii

T\i: / V i» ' I

yj*iab /»u!

>1 t! x

/ \u<M

.00 i

VIZ.

.dl Ofil -

, d(jHj -

.dl -jiii

, d(oiit

Articles or Manufactures of Wool (not being Goats Wool) or of Wool mixed with Cotton; viz.

Carpets and Rugs - - , - - the Square Yard.

Shawls, Scarfs, and Handkerchiefs, plain - - the lb.

---- Printed - - - the lb.

Gloves - - - the Dozen Pairs,

wholly or in part made up, not otherwise charged with Duty, r '], 2 for 100/. Value.

J Gfebas^lSfein^ either in part or wholly manufactured, and not being enumerated or de-U .scribed, and not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain or Ireland; tC, { jDut if any such Goods shall be composed of any Article liable to Duty as a Part or Ji Ingredient thereof, then such Goods shall be chargeable with the full Duty payable on H A-jfWk Article, or if composed of more than One Article liable to Duty, then with the "(Ji Payable on Article charged with the highest Rate of Duty.

VI. IftlMUioft the Duties of Customs now chargeable on the Articles next herein-after Aiontioned, on their Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, the following Duties of .fllueAoms. shall, on and after the Sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, .)fe tdkarged, until the respective Days herein-after mentioned; and from and after those Bfyftfdspeotiffely the said Duties shall cease and determine; that is to say,

(^ - Until the 31st Day of March 1862 inclusive.

.dl Wt -

3lG8Tl^i)WdyxnwJe - - - the lb.

.dl orf t 1 - - Until the 31st Day of March 1861 inclusive.

Hat* or Bonnets; viz.

Of Chip - - - the lb.

Of Bast, Cane, or Horsehair - - - the lb.

Of Straw - - the lb.

Until the 1st Day of August 1860 inclusive.

Leather Manufactures; viz.

-rr Gloves of Leather —

— ---- Habit Mitts ---- the Dozen Pairs 012

» r, ' !.*> ---- Gloves - the Dozen Pairs 0 19

— i — — *' Men's Gloves - the Dozen Pairs 019

— ---- Womens Gloves or Mitts - - the Dozen Pairs 0 2 3

0

0

0

0

s.

0

In lien of Duties on Articles under mentioned, the Duties herein named shall be charged until the Days herein-after mentioned; after those Days the Duties to cease.

VII. In lieu of the Duties of Customs now chargeable on the under-mentioned Articles Duties on on their Importation into Great Britain and Ireland the following Duties of Customs shall, P»per, &c. on and after the Sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and until the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty, inclusive, be charged, and that from and after that Date the Duties shall be the same as the Excise Duties for the Time being on Paper of British Manufacture.

Paper j

In lieu of Duties now charged on Spirits the Duties herein named to be charged.

Daties on Articles herein named to cease on and after March 7, 1860.

2.r!VICT9^LE, p.22.,

Paper; viz. s. d.

---- Print*], painted, or stained Paper Hangings, cm* Flock Paper,

the Cwt 0 14 0

---- — — Pasteboard- - - ' "* - the Cwt. 0 15 0

VIII. In lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged on the Articles under-mentioned the following Duties of Customs shall, on and after the Sixth pay of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, be charged thereon on Importation ipto Great Britain», an£ Ireland; yiz.

Spirits or Strong Waters, not being sweetened or mixed with any Article so that the Degree of Strength thereof cannot be ascertained by Sykes's Hydrometer, for every Gallon of the Strength of Proof by such Hydrometer, and so in proportion for any greater or less Strength than the Strength of Proof, and for any greater or less Quantity than a Gallon,

the Gallon 0 8 6

Spirits of and from a British Possession in America or the Island of Mauritius, and Rum of and from any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, in regard to which the Conditions of the Act 4 Vict. c. 8. have or shall have been fulfilled - - the Gallon 0 8 3

---- Rum Shrub, Liqueurs and Cordials, of and from a British Possession i

in Amerioa or the Island of Mauritius, or a, British Possession >

within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, qualified as aforesaid ---- the Gallon 083

---- Rum of and from any Foreign Country, being the Country of its

Production ---- the Gallon 0 8 &

---- Rum from any Country not being the Country of its Production,

the Gallon 0 8 6

- Tafia of and from any Colony of France - - the Gallon 0 8 3

---- other Spirits, being sweetened or mixed, so that the Degree of Strength

cannot be ascertained as aforesaid, and perfumed Spirits, to be used as Perfumery only - the Gallon , 0 12 0

Spirits or Strong Waters, imported into the United Kingdom, mixed with any Ingredient, and, although thereby coining under some other Designation, except Varnish, shall nevertheless be deemed to be Spirits or Strong Waters, and be subject to Duty as such.

---- Water, Cologne, the Flask (Thirty of such Flasks containing not.

more than One Gallon) ---- each 0 0 5

---- when not in Flasks, as perfumed Spirits - - the Gallon , 0 12 0

IX. The Duties of Customs chargeable upon the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise herein-

and Ireland, shall, on and after the and sixty, cease and determine; that

after next mentioned, imported into Great Britain Seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred is to say,

Almonds, not Jordan nor Bitter - the Cwt

Jordan - - - the Cwt

Ammunition; viz.

Shot, large and small, of Lead - the Cwt

of Iron - - the Cwt.

Rockets and other Combustibles for Purposes of War, and not otherwise enumerated or described - - Value,

pies, dried - - - the Bushel.

Apple

Baske

Baskets Beads; viz.

Arango Coral -Crystal

- the Cubic Foot.

the lb. the lb. the lb.

Jet

23* VICTORItA, ' 'c. 22.

Ill

Beads — continued. i

Jet, i, - - the lb.

jiot otjierwipe enumerated or described - -: the 1L._

Boxes; viz.

'Brass; 1 ' - 11 ' - 1 1 1 the , Cwti:

I 1 !not otherwise charged with Duty - 1 - Value.

Butter' ' - 1 - . - the Cwt.

of and from a British Possession - - the Cwt.

Candles; viz.

Spermaceti - - the Cwt.

Stearine - - - / 1 the Cwt-

Tallow - - - ' the Cwt.1

Wax *. - - - 1 the Cwt.

Capers, including the Picklo - - the lb.

Cassia Ligoea - - the lb.

Cheese ---- the Cwt.

of and from a British Possession - - the C wt.

Cinnamon - - - the lb.

Cloves - - - the lb.

Coculus Indicus - - - the Cwt.

Copper, Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated or described, and Copper Plates engraved - - the Cwt.

Coral Negligees ' -, - - the lb.

Daguerreotype Plates - ', - - the lb.

Dates ---- - - the Cwt.

Eggs - - \ the Cubic Foot of the Package,

of aqd from a British. Possession - - J internal Measurement.

Extract; viz.

of Cardamoms -\. - - Value.

Coculus Indicus - - Value.

Guinea Grains of Paradise - - Value.

Liquorice - - - Value.

Nux Vomica ---- Value.

Opium ---- - Value.

Guinea Pepper ---- Value.

Peruvian or Jesuits Bark ---- Value.

Quassia - - - Value.

Radix Rhataniae- ---- Value.

Vitriol - - # - Value,

or Preparation of any Article, not particularly enumerated - - Value.

Ginger ---- - the Cwt.

Glass; viz.

Flint Cut Glass, Flint Coloured Glass, and Fancy ornamental Glass of whatever Kind -

Gongs -

Grains, Guinea and of Paradise -

Japanned or Lacquered Ware -

Liquouice; viz. Paste .....

---of and from British Possessions -

Maco -Mustard; viz.

23 VICT.

Powder -

---- of and from British Possessions

Juice -

Flour -

mixed or manufactured, except Flour

P

the Cwt. the Cwt. the Cwt. the Cwt

the Cwt. the Cwt. the Cwt the Cwt the Cwt. the lb.

the Gwt the Cwt. Nutmegs;

I

23" Vlfct&Rti5P; , c. 22.

Nuts; viz.

, ,; %?' -!?' except those commonly called Wild *;

Wild in the Shell -

---- not in the Shell -

or other Spices, or Admixtures thereof, ground

Small Nuts - - " -

Walnuts - -: '

JL -

[>iuj5i *- " - " 1 *' ' -

uses *itid. Lemons -

jrjeart^ dfi^d, -

Bfewier, Maxiufictures of, not otherwise enumerated - " -

Pimento^ '

Platting; viz.

1 -of Chip, not being of greater Value than Sixpence per Piece: ' 1 of 60 Yards -

5 or other Manufactures of Straw, Chip, or other Materials to be used in or proper for making or ornamenting Hats or Bonnets, not otherwise enumerated -

Cordonct Single, and Twist of Straw or of other Materials Willow Squares - - - ' '*-

Poiiiatum -

Quassia ' -

Rice; V?i.

the lb.

- the lb.

. the lfc.

the lb.

- tibe Bushel

-'" the Bushel. L the Cwt

the Square Yard.

- the Bu^heL

- the lb.

- the Bushel.

- the Bushel.

- the Cwt. the Cwt.

the lb.

the lb. j f the lb. dhe Cwt.

the lb. the Cwt.

not rough nor in the Husk - - the Cwt.

rough and in the Husk - - - the Quarter.

Salacine - - - the Oz.

Sauces not otherwise enumerated - - the lb.

Scaleboards - - - the Cwt

Seeds, Caraway - - the Cwt.

il — ---- — of and from British Possessions - - the Cwt.

Ships, Foreign-built, broken up, or sold to be broken up, or abandoned by the Owners, or*sold as Wreck, whether afterwards recovered or repaired or not Soap; viz. ?

Hard -

Soft -

Naples -

Scented or Fancy Soap -"

Soy - - 1 ' -

Spa Ware -

Spelter or Zinc, Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated - -:

Steaipuej -

, Tajlow - , : - -

— — ---- of and from British Possessions -

Tin; viz.

Foil -

Manufactures of, not otherwise enumerated -

Veneers -1 ' ' L -

Washing Balls - 1;" " -

Yarn, WoollOu or Wprsted; VII.

Comtnonly Called Berlin Wool, or Zephyr Yarn, and Woollen and Worsted Yarn of Two or more Threads; viz.

1 Scoured; bleached, or coloured -

1 v N6t scoured, bleached, or coloured -

Value.

- the Cwt

- the Cwt. the Cwt.

- the lb.

- the Gallon, the Cubic Foot.

-: the Cwt

- the Cwt

- the Cwt.

- the Cwt

- the Cwt.

- the Cwt

- the Cwt

the lb.

the lb. the lb. X. In

23" , c. g2.

113

X. In lieu of the Duties of Customs now chargeable on the Articles next mentioned, In lien of

_ _ l - _ -. /> ' m .I1 ' ' - llntioc nn '

imj>orted into Great Britain and Iretandy the following Duties of Customs shall, after the Seventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, be charge

Duties now charged on

is to say.

on and

charged; that Articles herein named, the reduced Duties to be charged on and after March 7, 1860.

£ s. d.

£he oz. Troy 0 17' 0

i ? o o t 0 1 6

the Cwt. 0 0. 4 *

the Cwt. 0 0 4±

the Cwt. 0 o' 4 *

the* Cwt. 0 7 0

the Cwt. 0 7 0

- the Cwt. 0 7 0

the Cwt. 0 7 0

until 1st July 1661.

Plate of Gold -

-r- — Silver, Gilj; or Ungilt -

Ppiyder; yiz.

PUir Powder -

. t s Perfumed Vermicelli and Maccaroni -Currants Pigs.

' %Cflke -

Raisins

XI. The ftatifesiol Cmstpme now charged on the Articles next mentioned shall continue Duties now todbfelevied and charged, on and after the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty until fjtfce Jflrat -Day of July One thousand eighjt hundred and sixty-one, on &<T; copied Importation Into i Great Britain, and that is to say,

.df orft - [£ S. d.

dT^fwithotafr^ for Draft) I - the lb. 0 1 5

jCheirfcs, dried - - - . V the lb. 0 0 2

dGtaifits, dry - - - the Ik 0 0 2

iCbhfettionery - - - the lb. 0 0 2

Ginger, preserved ---- the lb, 0 Q 2

Marmalade - - the lb. 0 0 2

Plums, preserved in Sugar - . - the lb. 0 0 2

Succades, including all Fruits and Vegetables preserved in Sugar, not otherwise enumerated - - -, the lb. 0 0 2

Sugar; viz.

Candy, Brown or White, Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any / Process equal in Quality thereto - the Cwt. 0 18 4

White Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to White(Clayed, not being Refined or equal in Quality to Refined ---- the Cwt. 0 16 0

Yellow Muscovado and Brown Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by ? any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado or Brown 1 > L. Clayed, and not equal to White Clayed - the Cwt. 0 13 10

Brown Muscavado or any other Sugar, not being equal in Quality to

Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed Sugar - - the Cwt. 0 12 8

Cane Juice ---- the Cwt. 0 10 4

) Molasses - v - - - the Cwt. 0 5 0

The following Drawbacks shall be allowed on Exportation to Foreign Parts, or on Removal to the Isle of Man for Consumption there, of the several Descriptions of Refined .Sugar herein-after mentioned, on and after the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; that i6 to say, -

, Upon Refined Sugar, in Loaf, complete or whole, or Lumps duly £ s. d.

refined, having been perfectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the Stove, and being of an uniform Whiteness throughout, or Sugar Candy, or Sugar refined by the Centrifugal Machine, or by any other Process, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard, No. 3, approved by the Lords of the Treasury - for every Cwt. 0 17 2

P 2 Upon

114

23° VICTORIA, c. 22.

Upon such Refined Sugar already described, if pounded, crushed, or broken in a Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such Sugar having been there first inspected by the Officers of Customs in Lumps or Loaves, as if for immediate Shipment, and then packed for Exportation in the Presence of such Officers, and at the Expense of the Exporters

for every Cwt.

Upon Refined Sugar unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample No. 1, approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than 5 per Centura Moisture over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the Stove

for every Cwt.

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar, unstoved, broken in Pieces, or being ground, powdered, or crushed, not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample No. 2, approved by the Lords of the Treasury - - for every Cwt.

Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar being inferior in Quality to the said Export Standard Sample No. 2. - for every Cwt

JJ s.

0 17 2

0 16 4

0 15 1

0 12 8

Duties on Tim- XII. In lieu of the Duties of Customs now chargeable on Wood and Timber, as ber and Wood, denominated in the Table A. to the " Tariff Act, 1855," Foreign and Colonial, on Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, the following Duties of Customs shall, on and after the Eighth March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, be charged; that is to say,

s. d.

Wood and Timber, hewn, and Lathwood - the Load 0 10

Sawn or split, planed or dressed - the Load 0 2 0

Firewood, not exceeding 3 Fect in Length - - the Load 0 10

The following Duties of Customs shall be charged on and after the Eighth of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, on the Goods under mentioned, on Importation into Great Britain and Ireland; that is to say,

£ s. d.

Teak and Wood for Shipbuilding Purposes - the Load 0 10

Mahogany, Hard Wood, or Furniture Woods; viz.

BoxWood, Beef Wood, Cedar, Ebony, King Wood, Lignum Vitae,

Maple, New Zealand Wood, Olive Wood, Purple Wood, Rose Wood,

Satin Wood, Santa Maria Wood, Speckled Wood, Sweet Wood, Tulip Wood, Walnut Wood, Zebra Wood, Furniture Wood unenumc-rated, not being Ash, Beech, Birch, Elm, Oak, and Wainscot the Ton 0 10

Staves, not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, nor 7 Inches in Breadth, nor

Inches in Thickness (except Staves for Herring Barrels) - the Load 0 10

Drawback on Wood Goods.

The following Drawbacks shall, from and after the Eighth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Sixty, be allowed on Exportation to Foreign Parts of the several Descriptions of Wood and Timber, whether Foreign or Colonial, herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

Wood and Timber, hewn, and Lathwood

Sawn or split, planed or dressed -Teak and Wood for Shipbuilding Purposes Mahogany, Hard Wood, or Furniture Woods Staves, not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, nor 7 Inches in Inches in Thickness (except Staves for Herring Barrels)

Provided that no such Drawback shall be allowed unless the shall make and subscribe a Declaration that the Goods in respect of which he Drawback are of Foreign or Colonial Produce, as the Case may be.

£ S. d.

- the Load 0 1 0

- the Load 0 2 0

- the Load 0 1 0

- the Ton 0 1 0

Breadth, nor - the Load 0 1 0

Person claiming the same claims such

XIII. The

115

- -23° VICTIUffi, 6:22.

XIIJT; The Duty on Timber and Wood Goode shall bei paid on the First Importation Duties on Tim* thereof, imd no such Goods shall be warehoused under the Laws in force for the warehousing of Goods in Warehouses approved for the warehousing of Goods without Payment of Duty portation. on the First Entry* theteof, either for Hofne Consumption^ Exportation, or otherwise.

XIV. On and after the Twenty-rferst Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Duty on sixty there Shall be charged upon all Ships, Foreign-built, of Wood, and upon all Ships built Ships* of Wood in any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, on the Registration thereof as British Ships at any Port or Place for the Registry of British Ships in Great Britain and Ireland, the Duties of Customs following; thart is to say,

For every Ton of the gross Regi^ter^d Tonnage of such Ships, without any s. d.

Deduction in respect of Engine Room or otherwise - 1 0

XV. Upon Goods deposited in any Warehouse for the Security of Duties of Customs' Rates payable

and in addition to such Duties of Customs, or any other Charges payable thereon, there of

shall be paid at the Time of Delivery from the Warehouse for Home Consumption the Rates Warehouse for

following; that is to say, Home Con-

-, , 1 sumption.

, For every 100/. of Customs Duty payable on the Goods.

Upon such Goods, not being Tobacco or Sugar, as shall not have been removed 4? s. d.

tinder Bond from any such Warehouse in any Port or Place to any other Warehouse in any other Port or Place - - - 0 5 0

r Upon such Goods, not being Tobacco or Sugar, as shall have been so removed

under Bond - - - 0 10 0

Upon Tobacco which shall not have been so removed under Bond - - 0 2 6

Upoii Tobacco which shall have been so removed under Bond - - 0 5 0

r UjhmA Sujjar which shall not have been so removed under Bond - -050

Upon Sugar which shall have been so removed under Bond - 0 10 0

Provided that the extra Rates above charged upon any Goods which shall have been removed under Bond shall not apply to Removals under Bond to Warehouses in Ports or Places which now possess the Privilege of bonding.

XVI. There shall be charged (irrespective of any Duties of Customs or other Rates Rates on Im-or Charges payable by Law) upon the Importation of ail Goods into Great Britain and P0*8 88 herein Ireland, except Corn, Grain, and Flour, and Timber and Wood Goods, and Goods in Stated* Transit exported under Boryl, and Goods imported for Exportation in the same Ship, provided they be so reported, the respective Rates and Charges following; that is to say.

Goods in Packages or Parcels, per Package or Parcel or other Unit of Entry

Goods in Bulk by Weight, Measure or Numbei4 for each Unit of Entry

Animals per Head or other Unit of Entry

And there shall be charged upon every Customs Bill of Lading, on the Exportation of any Goods from Great Britain and Ireland -

XVII. The Term Unit of Entry- shall mean the Number of Packages or Animals or Definition of Quantity of Goods made chargeable with the Rate of One Penny in manner herein-after Unit of Entry* provided *

XVIII. It shall be lawful for the Lords of the Treasury or the Commissioners of Customs Power to adjust to fix or adjust the Number or Quantity of Goods which shall constitute the Unit of Entry Unit of Entry, chargeable with the Rate of One Penny, having regard to the Value of the Goods, and from Time to Time to alter and vary the same as they may see fit, so that the said Rate of One Penny shall exceed as little as may be in their Judgment Five Shillings for every Hundred rounds Sterling upon the lowest ordinary Value of the Article to which suen Charge attaches.

P3 XIX. The

* . <L - 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 1 6

Rates to be paid by Stamps.

Particulars of Free Goods Inwards.

Construction of the Term " Bill of Lading."

Bill of Lading to be deemed the Entry Outwards of Free Goods, but not to include more than One Consignment

23° VICTORIA, c! 22. '

XIX. The Rates of One Penny per Unit of Entry on Goods imported into Great Britain and Ireland imposed by this Act shall be paid or denoted by adhesive Stamps provided in pursuance of this Act; and every Person liable to pay such Rates or Charges shall affix the proper Stamp or* Stamps, representing the Aintrant required for1 that Purpose, to such Document or Documents, at such Time or Times and in such Manner, and shall present the same to such Officer of Customs, as the Commissioners of Customs shall at any Time and from Time to Time order or direct; and tio such Document sbhll be received or acted upon by the proper Officer of Customs for the Purpose for which the same is intended if the Stamp or Stamps affixed thereto shall be of less Value or Amount than the Rates due and payable in respect of the Goods or Packages comprised in such Document, nor unless the same shall be the proper Stamp or Stamps applicable to such Document, and be clfcar and unobliterated, and not have been used before.)

XX. The Importer of any Goods liable to the Rate of One Penny per Unit of Entry, but frfce of Duties of Customs upon Importation thereof, shall at the Time of Entry, or before Delivery of such Goods, furnish Particulars according to the Description of the Goods imported and other Characters and Circumstances set forth in respect of such Goods in the Tariff* to this or any other Act relating to the Customs in force for the Time being, or in the event of any Alteration in the Mode of describing such Goods or any of them being directed by the Lords of the Treasury, then as to such Goods aeoording to such Alteration or Direction, and shall make and subscribe a Declaration at the Foot thereof of the Truth of such Particulars; and the same may be written upon the Entry or other Document to which the Stamps representing the Sum payable in respect of such Unit of Entry are affixed at the Time of presenting the same, or in case of Entry by Rill of Sight, or by imperfect Entry for the Purpose of clearing the Ship, then on the perfect Entry at the Time of perfecting such Entry, 'and in the latter Cases the One Penny per Unit of Entry shall be paid on the perfecting of such Entry before the Delivery of the Goods; and if such Particulars shall be untrue the Person making such Declaration shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings.

XXI. The Term " Bill of Lading99 shall be construed to mean and include any Bill of Lading or other Instrument equivalent thereto or used in the Place thereof, on the Consignment or forwarding of any Goods to Foreign Parts, or which shall or may be used by any Shipper, Carrier, Forwarder, or Consignee, Broker, or other Person as and for or to serve the Purpose of a Bill of Lading on the Exportation of Goods, whether shipped direct from the Port of Shipment or forwarded by Railway, Canal, or other Mode or Transit or Carriage, to any Port or Place for Shipment, and also to mean and include the Shipping Bill now required under "The Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," if the Commissioners of Customs shall order and direct that the same shall be used and accepted in London, or at any other Port or Place, as and for the Bill of Lading required by this Act; and the Customs Bill of Lading shall be a Counterpart of such Bill of Lading or other Instrument as aforesaid, except where the Shipping Bill shall be used and accepted as aforesaid as and for the Bill of Lading, in which Case such Shipping Bill shall be the Customs Bill of Lading, and shall contain the Name and Address of the Exporter of the Goods therein mentioned, or his Agent, and an accurate Specification of the Marks, Numbers, Description, Quantity, and Value of the Goods comprised therein, showing separately those which are of British Manufacture and those which are Foreign, imported free of Duty, or on which all Duties, have been paid, and are not to be drawn back, shall be endorsed on such Counterpart or annexed thereto, or be included in such Shipping Bill where the same shall be used and accepted as aforesaid; and shall, when received by the proper Officer of Customs, be deemed to be the Entry Outwards, so far as relates to any Goods comprised therein in respect whereof no Bond is required on the Exportation thereof; and no such Bill of Lading or other Instrument as aforesaid in respect of any Goods exported shall be valid if it contain or include the Goods of more than One Consignor, nor if the Goods be for Delivery from such Consignor to more than One Person or Firm under the Consignment thereby made; and every Person who shall make, sign, or utter any Bill of Lading or other Instrument as aforesaid contrary

hereto

117

23° VICTORIA, c. 22.

hereto shall be deemed to have evaded the Stamp Duty on each separate Consignment mentioned therein, and shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five Pounds, in addition to treble the Amount of Stamp Duty so evaded.

XXII. The "Customs Bills of Lading," not being in the Form of a Shipping Bill, relating to the Goods exported by any Ship, together with the Specification herein-before required to be endorsed thereon or annexed thereto, shall either before or within Twenty-four Hours after the final Clearance of such Ship be delivered by the Exporter of such Goods or his Agent to the proper Officer of Customs, with a Declaration subscribed by him that such Specification is true, except where it shall be found more convenient to the Exporter of the Goods to postpone the Endorsement or Delivery of such Specification, in which Case he shall by himself or his Agent, either before or within such Twenty-four Hours, deliver to the proper Officer of Customs the " Customs Bills of Lading," and shall within Six Days thereafter deliver to the proper Officer of Customs separately the Specification of the Goods contained in such " Customs Bill of Lading," with the like Declaration of the Truth thereof; provided that where the Shipping Bill shall be used and accepted as and for the Customs Bill of Lading, the same shall be delivered prior to the Shipment of the Goods, and shall contain all the Particulars required to be given in the Endorsement on the Bill of Lading or Specification herein-before referred to, unless it shall be found more convenient to postpone the Delivery of such Particulars, in which Case the Shipping Bill shall not be required to contain more than the Marks and Numbers, and Number of the Packages and general Denomination of the Goods, with the Name and Address of the Exporter or his Agent; but in such Case the Specification herein-before required shall be delivered within Six Days after the final Clearance of the Ship, as in the Case of Postponement of Specification, and with the like Declaration of the Truth thereof; and it shall be lawful for the proper Officer of Customs to call for the Invoice, Bills of Lading, Bills of Parcels, and such other Documents as relate to the Goods as he may think necessary to test the Accuracy of such Specification, and every Person in whose Hands the same may be shall produce the same when so required; and if such Exporter or his Agent, or other Person, shall fail to comply with such of the foregoing Requirements as respectively relate to him, he shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Penalty of Forty Shillings: Provided also, that these Requirements shall not apply to any Cargoes or Parts of Cargoes which shall have been shipped under the Regulations in force prior to the passing of this Act: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs to extend the Time or Times within which the Customs Bill of Lading, with or without the Specification endorsed thereon or annexed thereto, or the Specification separately, at any Port or Place as they may see fit, shall or may be delivered to the proper Officer of Customs.

XXIII. When any Goods are delivered by any Exporter or his Agent to any Carrier or Forwarder, for the Purpose of being conveyed by Railway, Canal, or other Mode of inland Carriage or Transit, to and to be exported from any Port of Shipment, by or for such Carrier or Forwarder, such Exporter or his Agent shall in all Cases where a Shipping Bill is now required by Law prepare and sign, adding thereto his Address, Place of Abode or Business, and deliver to such Carrier or Forwarder, the Customs Bill of Lading or Shipping Bill as required by this Act on the Exportation of Goods, and such Carrier or Forwarder shall obtain the Signature of the Master of such Ship to such Bill of Lading, and shall, either before or within Twenty-four Hours after the final Clearance of such Ship, deliver such Bill of Lading to the proper Officer of Customs at the Port of Shipment; and if such Customs Bill of Lading shall not at the Time of the Delivery thereof to such proper Officer be endorsed with the Specification by this Act required on the Exportation of Goods, the Exporter or his Agent shall, within Six Days after the final Clearance of the exporting Ship, transmit to the proper Officer of Customs of the Export Department at the Port of Shipment the separate Specification by this Act required in Cases where the Exporter or his Agent postpones the Endorsement upon or Delivery of such Specification, with the Customs Bill of Lading; and every Exporter, Agent, Carrier, Forwarder, or Broker who shall fail to comply with such of the Requirements hereby made as relate to him or them respectively shall

[Penalty.]

Bills of Lading to be delivered within Time prescribed.

Penalty on failing to comply with foregoing Requirements.

Bills of Lading, &c., relating to Goods conveyed by Forwarders.

Penalty on Exporter, &c. foiling to oom-

i; N8 23° VICTORIA, c. 82.

ply -with Ee- ejiall forfaitand paya-Penaltj of Forty Shillings; and every such Carrier or Forwarder who hereby mlfde- shall <; qnvey any Goode to any Port of Shipment, to be there shipped wad exported, by or far him, without such Customs Bill of Lading in respect thereof, elndl forfait and p&y far oveoy such Oftenqe the Sum of Forty Shillings.

Meaning of the XXIV. The Term " Carrier or Forwarder" shall be understood to mean and apply to

Terms " Car- ftny pyblic Carrier or other Person undertaking the Through^arriage by Land and" Sfea of warder "and aV>y Goods to Foreign Parts, or the Carriage of.apy Goods to any Port or Place of Shipment, "Good*"as tq be there shipped and exported to Foreign Parts by or for him; and the Term "Goode" uafed in this as used in this Act shall be understood to mean Goods, Wares, and Merchandise exported ct' in the Way of Trade, and shall not apply to small Parcels or other Articles in respect of

which Shipping Bi)ls, have not bqen required under the Customs Laws prior to the passings of this Act i

Penalty on Exporter, &c. shipping without Bill of Lading.

Master or Owner to deliver a Manifest of Goods shipped.

Customs Bill of Lading, &c. Evidence.

XXV. If any Exporter, Shipper, or other Person shall have shipped or caused to he shipped for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas any Goods for which the Customs"Bill of Lading shall not have been delivered within the Time specified by this Act after the final Clearance of the exporting Ship to the proper Officer of Customs, or for which the Shipping Bill, where the same shall be used and accepted as aforesaid as and for the Customs Bill of Lading, shall not have been so delivered prior to the Shipment of the Goods, such Exporter, Shipper, or other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. Tie Master or Owner of every Ship in which any Goods shall be shipped for Exportation shall by himself or his Agent, within Six Pays after the final Clearance Out wards of such Ship, deliver to the proper Officer of Customs a Manifest of all the Goods so shipped, containing the Marks and Numbers and the Number and Description of the Packages distinguishing each Consignment, and furnishing the Names of the respective Consignors and the Number of Consignees according to the Sets of Bills of Lading relating to such Consignments; and the Person delivering such Manifest as herein-before required shall make and subscribe a Declaration at the Foot thereof that such Manifest contains a true Account of all the Goods exported in such Ship in accordance with the Requirements of this Act; and if he shall fail to deliver such Manifest within the Time hereby required, or to make and subscribe such Declaration at the Foot thereof, he shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Twenty Pounds; but if the whole of the Bills of Lading relating to the Goods exported in any Ship, and duly signed by the Master or his Agent, shall be delivered by him to the proper Officer of Customs either at or within Twenty-four Hours after the final Clearance Outwards of such Ship, with a Declaration that they represent, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, the whole of the Cargo exported in such Ship, the Delivery of the Manifest may be dispensed with; or in ease such Manifest, if delivered, shall contain all the Information required to be given in the endorsed or separate Specification herein-before prescribed, with a Declaration at the Foot thereof, subscribed by the Master or his Agent that the same is true, such Manifest shall be accepted and taken by the proper Officer of the Customs in lieu of such Specification.

XXVII. In cape the Customs Bill of Lading, the Endorsements thereon, Shipping Bill, Specifications relating thereto, or Manifests herein-before referred to, be required to be used as Evidence in any Court of Law, or in any Proceedings before Justices as to the Transactions to which they refer, Copies thereof, certified by the proper Officer of Customs, shall be admissible for that Purpose without Production of the Original; and any Person interested therein requiring Inspection or certified Copies thereof shall pay to such Officer the following Fees; that is to say, for every such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and for every certified Copy not exceeding One thousand and eighty Words and Figures the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and the like Sum for every additional One thousand and eighty Words and Figures; and such Fees shall be carried to Account with the Commissioners of Customs as Monies, not Duties,

23° VICTORIAffl/. c. 22.

XXVIII. The JVijnAebfc of the Duty of Orie* Shilling find Sixpence imposed by this Act i-ripon every Customs Bill of Lading shall be denoted by an adhesive Stamp affixed thereto, of'tha Vfllue of One Shilling-and* Sixpejwje, and for that Purpose such Stamps' only as are provided and issued in pursuance of this Act shall be used, und shall be clear, unobliterated, and not ^ave been used beforp.,

XXIX. No: " Customs Bill of Lading* shall be valid without a Stamp of the Value of One Shilling and Sixpence thereoh, nor shall aOy other Bill of Lading be valid without the Stamp of Sixpence thereon ilfeady itiiposed by Law*; and any Person signing or using any Customs Bill of Lading or other Bill of Lading without the proper Stamp thereon shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence: Provided always, that the Forfeiture and Payment of the Penalty hereby imposed shall not exempt the Party liable thereto from any Penalties imposed by or for any Breach of the Laws in force relating to Stamps and Taxes involved therein.

XXX. In Any Suit, Informition; Complaint, of other Proceeding for the Recovery of any Penalty to which the Exporter or hid Agent shall have rendered himself liable by the Nondelivery or Non-transmi^ion to the proper Officer of the Port of Shipment within the Time prescribed, of the Specification herein-before required, either by due Endorsement thereof on the Customs Bill of Lading, or by separate Specification, the Averment that such Specification has not been duly endorsed on such Bill of Lading, or that such separate Specification, as the Case may be, has not been delivered to the proper Officer at the Port of Shipment, shall be sufficient, without other Proof of such Fact; provided that the Customs Bill of Lading, signed by such Exporter or his Agent, with a Certificate thereon under the Hand of such proper Officer, that such Specification had not been delivered to him within the Time prescribed for that Purpose, shall be produced to the Court or Justice before whom such . Information or Proceeding may be had, by any Officer of Customs or Inland Revenue, or other Person duly authorized by the Commissioners of Customs to sue for said Penalty, and it shall not be necessary to adduce any Proof of the Handwriting of such Exporter or his Agent to such Bill of Lading, or of the Handwriting of such proper Officer to such Certificate, or of the Fact that he is the proper Officer, unless the Defendant in any such Case shall prove to the contrary.

XXXI. It shall be lawful for the Lords of the Treasury, by Warrant under their Hands, to oilier and direct the Commissioners of Inland Revenue from Time to Time to provide pfoper and sufficient Dies or other Implements for expressing and denoting the Rates or Duties which shall be directed by any such Warrant as aforesaid, and to give any other Orders and make any other Regulations relative thereto they may consider expedient

XXXII. The Rates or Duties which shall be expressed or denoted by any such Dies as aforesaid shall be denominated and deemed to be Stamp Duties, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being; and all the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Directions, Allowances, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties contained in or imposed by the several Acts now in force relating to Stamp Duties (so far as the same may be applicable) shall be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Stamps to be provided under or by virtue of this Act, and to the Paper on which the same shall be impressed or to which the Bame shall be affixed, and shall be observed, applied, enforced, and put in execution for the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the Rates or Duties denoted thereby, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions, Allowances, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the said last-mentioned Stamps and Rates or Duties respectively: Provided always, that, except as herein-after is mentioned, no Allowance for Poundage or otherwise shall be granted to any Person in respect of any Stamps required by this Act, other than to Distributors of Stamps or other Persons appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue 23 Vict. Q or

119

Payment of Duty on Customs Bill of Lading to be by an adhesive Stamp.

No Customs Bill of Lading to be valid if not stamped.

Averments in Informations, &c.

Stamps to be provided by Inland Kevenne.

Bates to be deemed Stamp Duties.

Customs Stamp Distributors to be appointed.

Inland Revenue to account with Customs or the Proceeds arising from Stamp Duties.

Allowance for Stamps spoiled, &c.

Where Contracts entered into before 10th February 1860 Deduction to be made in respect of Duty.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short Title.]

23° VICTORIA, c. 22.

or Customs, or Persons licensed to deal in Stamps under the Provisions of the Third and Fourth William the Fourth, Chapter Ninety-seven.

XXXIII. The Commissioners of Customs may appoint any Officers, Clerks, or other

Persons in the Service of the Customs to act as Distributors of the Stamps required under this Act, subject to such Regulations and Directions as the said Commissioners shall see fit, and no such Officers, Clerks, or other Persons shall be required to take out any Licence to deal in or sell or distribute such Stamps.

>i

XXXIV. The Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes shall cause a separate Account to be kept of the Stamp Duties arising under this Act, and shall direct their Receiver General to pay over, from Time to Time, when required by the Commissioners of Customs, the Proceeds arising from the said Stamp Duties, after deducting therefrom the Costs and Expenses incurred by them in the Management and Distribution of such Stamps, or otherwise incident thereto, to the Account of the Public Monies of the Receiver General of Her Majesty's Customs at the Bank of England; and all such Sums of Money which shall be so paid over shall be applied and dealt with, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs, in the same Manner as Monies accruing from Duties of Customs paid over to such Account of the Receiver General of Customs under the Laws and Regulations relating to the Customs.

XXXV. The Commissioners of Customs may from Time to Time make Regulations for the Allowance of such of the Stamps issued under the Provisions of this Act as may have been spoiled or rendered useless or unfit for the Purpose intended, or for which the Owner may have no Use, or which through Mistake or Inadvertence may have been improperly or unnecessarily used, or where the Rates or Duties represented thereby have been pa£d in Error or remitted, and such Allowance shall be made either by giving other Stamps in lieu of the Stamps so allowed for, or by repaying the Amount or Value to the Owner thereof.

XXXVI. And whereas Contracts may have been made before the said Tenth Day of

February One thousand eight hundred and sixty for the Delivery free of Duty after that

Day of Goods or Commodities the Duties of Customs on which are hereby lowered or e repealed: Be it therefore enacted, That any Person who shall or may, before the said Tenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty, have made or entered into any such Contract or Agreement as the Purchaser or Consignee of such Goods or Commodities, may and is hereby authorized and empowered to deduot from the Sum payable by him under such Contract or Agreement the Amount of the Duties which, if this Act had not passed, would have been payable in respect of such Goods or Commodities, and he shall not be liable to pay or be sued in respect of such Deduction.

XXXVII. This Act shall come into operation at the Expiration of Six Days from the Day of the passing thereof, except as otherwise provided therein; and in citing it in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860."

2a" vic'EciRiay i. aa 121

[»i: I f 1 f . -

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to provide for the Consideration of an Ordinance which has been laid before Parliament in a Report of the Oxford University Commissioners.

[25th May 1860.]

g \JLT WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth

" Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-one, to make further Provision for the good 17 & is Vict.

Government and Extension of the University of Oxford, of the Colleges therein, and of 81 *

the College of Saint Mary, Winchester, it was provided, that if the Powers therein-before

granted to Colleges should in the Case of any College not be exercised, and no Ordinance or Regulation for effecting the Objects of such Powers should be submitted by such Col-

lege to the Commissioners appointed for the Purposes Of the said Act, and approved of by them, before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five,

4 it should be lawful for the Commissioners to frame such Ordinances and Regulations as c should appear to them to be necessary or expedient for the Purpose of effecting or promoting the Objects which the College was therein-before empowered to effect or promote,

and such Ordinances and Regulations, if sanctioned and confirmed as therein-after required,

should take effect as Statutes of such College; provided, that such Ordinances and Regulations, when properly settled by the Commissioners, should be laid before the College to which the same related, and the Visitor thereof, Two Calendar Months before the same were submitted to Her Majesty in Council, as therein-after directed; and if within the skid Period of Two Calendar Months Two Thirds of the Governing Body of the said r College should, by Writing under their Hand and Seal, declare that in their Opinion such Ordinances and Regulations would be prejudicial to the said College as a Place of Learning and Education, then the same should not take effect, but it should be lawful for the Commissioners to frame and submit other Rules and Regulations for the like Purpose to the said College, and so on as often as Occasion should require; and by the said Act it was 17 & is Vict provided, that all Ordinances and Regulations framed by the Commissioners, and objected c. 81.

4 to by Two Thirds of the Governing Body or Bodies of the College, School or Schools, to which the same respectively related, should, in all Cases where new Ordinances and Regulations should not have been substituted, under the Provisions of the said Act, for such as should have been so objected to, be embodied in a Report to be transmitted forthwith to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and laid before the Two Houses of

4 Parliament: And whereas the said Commissioners, in the Appendix to their Report to the Appendix to Secretary of State bearing Date the Tenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Report, dated fifty-eight, which has been laid before both Houses of Parliament, have set forth an Ordi- Jg^Jane nance mimed by them for the Purposes of the said Act in relation to the College of Saint John the Baptist in the said University, and the said Commissioners have reported that Two Thirds of the Governing Body of such College have declared by Writing under their Hand and Seal that in their Opinion the said Ordinance would be prejudicial to the said

College as a Place of Learning and Education: And whereas the Powers of the said Commissioners having expired, no further Proceeding can be had on the said Ordinance,

or for giving Effect to the Purposes of the Act in relation to the said College Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order in Council, to be made within Six Months after the passing of this Act, to refer the said Ordinance and Declaration set forth in the Appendix to the said Report for the Consideration and Advice of a Committee of Five Members of Her Privy Council, to be named in such Order, and of whom Two, not including the Lord President, shall be Members of the Judicial Committee.

Q 2 IL It

Power to Her Majesty to refer the said Ordinance and Declaration to a Committee of Privy Council.

18?

Power to Parties interested to petition Her Majesty in relation to the Ordinance.

The Committee to consider the Ordinance and the Objections* and report to Her Majesty.

Ordinance to be hud before Parliament, and if approved by Iler Majesty to be a Statute of the College.

20 Vict. c. 19.

23' VICTORIA, c. :23, 24.

II. It shall be lawful for the said College and for the Governing Body of every or tiny School or Place of Education affected by the said Ordinance* and for every or any Corporation or Person who would have been authorised to petition Her Majesty in Council against the Approbation of the said Ordinanqe, in case the same had not ty&tn objected to by Two Thirds of the Governing Body of the College* and had been laid before Her Majesty in Council under the said recited Act, to petition, within Two Calendar Months after; the passing of this Act, Her Majesty in Council for the Approbation of the said Ordinance! or of any Part thereof, or for the Substitution of other Regulation* (which may be jsefc forth or referred to by any such Petition) for giving Effect to the Purposed of the said Act m relation to the said College, for any or all of the Regulations of the said Ordinance, or for any other Modification of such Ordinance, or for the Rejection thereof; and every such Petition shall be referred to the Committee to whom the said Ordinance is referred

III. The Committee to whom the said Ordinance is referred shall consider the same, and the Report of the said Commissioners, and the Objections of the Governing Members of the said College in relation thereto, and also any Petition which may be referred to them as aforesaid, and may admit the said College and any Petitioner or Petitioners to be heard by Counsel in support of the Objections or of the Petitions aforesaid; and such Committee, or the major Pairt thereof, shall report to Her Majesty their Opinion in relation to such Ordinance, and whether the same should be approved, with or without Modifications, or should be rejected, or whether any other Regulations should be substituted for the Regulations of the said Ordinance; provided that no Meeting of the said Committee shall be held before the Etpiratbn of Two Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, and Twenty-one Days previous Notice of tho First of such Meetings shall be published in the London Gazette.

IV. In case such Committee or the major Part thereof shall report to Her Majesty their Opinion that such Ordinance should be approved, with or without Modifications, or that any other Regulations should bo substituted for the Regulations of the said Ordinance, the said Ordinance or amended Ordinance shall be forthwith laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be sitting, or if not, then within Three Weeks after the Commencement of the next ensuing Session of Parliament, and, unless an Address be within Forty Days presented by one or other of the said Houses, praying Her Majesty to withhold Her Consent from such Ordinance or amended Ordinance, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by Order in Council to declare Her Approbation of the said Ordinance or amended Ordinance, and such Ordinance or amended Ordinance shall thereupon become a Statute of the said College, but such Statute shall be without Prejudice to any existing Interest of any Member of such College., .

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to remove Doubt as to the Validity of certain Marriages in Extra-parochial Places.

[25th May 1860.]

WHE1AS by a Statute passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of Her present

Majesty, entitled An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in Extra-parochial

V Places, it is enacted, that where any Extra-parochial Place has belonging to or within it any Church or Chapel of the Church of England, the Bishop of the Diocese'within which such Church or Chapel shall be locally situate may if he think fit, authorize by Writing under his Hand aod SeaL the Publication of Batins and the Solemnization of Marriage by

Banns

23° VICTORIA, c, 24, 25.

123

9 Banns or Licence in fetich Church or Chapel of Persons residing within stich Extrn-parochial

Places and such written Authorization shall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese":

And whereas Doubt friay arise whether, under the said recited Act, it Was lawful for the

Bishop to license Chapels for Marriages between Parties One only of whom should be f resident in such Extra-parochial Place; and whether the Licence of Chapels, for trite 9 Marriage of Parties resident in such Extra-parochial Place, authorized Marriages between f Patties One of whom Only shouM be so resident: And whereat it is expedient to remove f srich Doubt Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as folio ws: 1

I. The Authority given by the Bishop in consequence of the said recited Act for the Marriages may Publication of Banns, and the Solemnization of Marriages by Banns or Licence, in* feuch

Church or Chapel, shall be construed to extend to and authorize Marriages in such GhurcJwbs or Chapels, between Parties both or either of them being resident in such Extra-nar6chial Extm-parochia. Place, and all such Marriages so had shall be deemed valid in like Manner as if such Extra- PlflfeJvan^ parochial Place had been a Parish: Provided that, when tho Parties to any Marriagfe *£all intended to be solemnized after Publication of Banns shall veBklfe within different Eccle- proviso when* isinstical Districts, the Banns for such Marriage shall be published in the Ghu^oh or Chapel Parties reside jauthooriztd under the Provisions of the said recited Act, in which the Marriage is intended to be celebrated, as well as in the Chapel of the other District, licensed under the Prpt visions of One of the Statutes in such Case made and provided* where One of the Parties then is resident, and if there be no such Chapel then in tho Church or Chapel in whifch the Banns of such last-mentioned Party might be legally published if no such Statute had been passed.

II. Tho Provisions in tho Statute Six and Seven William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty*-

five. Section Twenty -five, shall apply to sueli Marriages os in this Act mentioned. £ B5 to

, 5 to this Act.

cap xxv.

An Act to apply the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand'Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

[25th May 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty thp Sum herein-after paentioned; apd do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply There shall be granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty, ^fofr^e the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the y^ 1880 e United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's the Sum of

Treasury 9, 5oo, oooo£ out

124

of the Consolidated Fond.

The Treasury may cause 9, 500,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict c. 66.

The Clauses, Arc. in recited Acts extended to this Act

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may

advance 9, 500,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. C. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

23° VICTORIA, c: 251 L

Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and TrelandyOY the, Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

II. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, frogi Tiro9 to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall he made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in smother Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended t6 the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to' all Intents and Purposes as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

Y. It shall and may he lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at tht Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions os the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bonk of England, under the Authority of this Act

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Tkne, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit

on

23° VICTORIA, c. 25, 26. 125

on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtpe of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Application of "The Common Lodging Houses Acts " to Ireland, and to amend the Provisions of the same so far as they relate to Ireland.

[25th May 1860.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to whether " The Common Lodging Houses Act, 14 & 15 r 1851," and " The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1853," extend to Irekmd, and 2&-

Vict.

Difficulties have occurred in the Execution of the said Acts therein; and it is expedient that such Doubts and Difficulties should be removed, and for that Purpose that the r said Acts should be explained and amended with reference to the Execution thereof in Sl Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

16 & 17 Vict c. 41.

[Short Title.]

I. In citing this Act for any Purpose it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Common Lodging Houses Act, Ireland, 1860."

II. This Act and The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851," and " The Common Recited Acts Lodging Houses Act, 1853," shall, for the Purpose of the Execution thereof in Ireland, be and Act construed as if they were One Act, and the said Acts as hereby amended shall be deemed ^onj^5!r to extend to Ireland.

land.

III. For the Purpose of the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act in Ireland, Explanation of certain Words and Expressions used in the said Acts are hereby declared and explained to have been intended to bear the following Meanings; (that is to say,) imdthis Act

The Word " Place " includes Electoral Division:

The Words " Poor Law Medical Officer," and " Medical Officer of the Parish, Place, or District," mean the Medical Officer of the Dispensary District within which any Common Lodging House is situate:

" The Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations" means the Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland:

The Term u Common Lodging House" shall mean a House in which Persons are harboured or lodged for Hire for a single Night, or for less than a Week at a Time, or any Part of which is let for any Term less than a Week:

The Term " Local Authority " shall have the following Meanings: In Boroughs, incorporated under the above-mentioned Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations, or any Charter granted or to be granted in pursuance of it, it shall mean the Town Council of such Borough; in Towns having Town Commissioners elected or appointed under any Act of Parliament it shall mean such Town Commissioners; in all other Places it shall mean the Poor Law Guardians of the Union.

IV. The Ninth and Tenth Sections of u The Common Lodging Houses Act, 1851," are Local Autho-hereby repealed as to Ireland, and the following Provisions substituted therefor as to Ire- nty to make land: The Local Authority may make Byelaws respecting Common Lodging Houses, for the gjS^ting Com-

, well-

mon Lodging Houses, but such Byelaws to be confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant

Old Byelaws to continue until new ones are confirmed.

Copy of Byelaws to be received in Evidence.

Penalties imposed by 14 & 15 Vict c. 28. to apply to Byelaws made under this Act.

Expense to be levied off the whole of an Electoral Division.

Not to affect Provisions of 17 & 18 Vict c. 103.

Former Proceedings validated.

Extent of Act

23° VICTORIA, c. 26.

well-ordering of such Houses, and for the Separation of the Sexes therein, and for fixing the Number and Sex of the Lodgers who may be received into each such House, and for promoting Cleanliness and Ventilation therein, and with respect to the Inspection thereof; provided that such Byelaws shall not be repugnant to Law, and eliall not be in force until they shall have been confirmed by the Lord Lieutenant or other the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being; and that any Byelaws heretofore made under the Provisions of the said recited Acts shall continue in full Force and Effect until new Byelaws shall have been made and confirmed in lieu thereof, under the Provisions of this Act.

V. A Copy of the Byelaws made by the Local Authority under the Provisions of this Act, purporting to be signed by the Chief or Under Secretary for Ireland on behalf of the Lord Lieutenant, and also signed by the Local Authority (or sealed with the Seal of the same, in case it have a Seal), shall be received as Evidence of such Byelaws, and of their having been duly made and confirmed.

VI. The Penalties imposed by " The Common Lodging House Act, 1851," for Offences against Byelaws made under the Provisions of the said recited Act, shall apply to the Byelaws made under the Provisions of this Act, and such Penalties shall be recoverable before Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions; and all the Provisions of the Petty Sessions Act, Ireland, shall apply to the Proceedings for Recovery of such Penalty.

VII. The Expenses of the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act are to be defrayed in Boroughs out of the Borough Fund, in Towns having Town Commissioners out of the Rates levied by such Commissioners, and in other Places out of the Rates for the Relief of the destitute Poor.

VIII. Nothing herein contained shall affect any Provision of the Towns Improvement, Ireland, Act, or any Byelaw duly made under its Provisions.

IX. All Acts and Proceedings for the Execution and Enforcement of the Provisions of the said Common Lodging Houses Acts shall be as valid as if said Acts had originally included Ireland^ but no Adjudication already pronounced shall be affected hereby

X. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

5.

23° VICTORIA; c. 27.

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences.

[14th June 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign, 1

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty there shall be charged, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Licences herein-after mentioned, the respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every Licence to keep a Refreshment House — s, d.

If the House and Premises in respect of which such Licence shall be granted shall be under the Rent and Value of 20L a Year - 0 10 6

And if the same shall be of the Rent or Value of 20/. a Year or upwards - - -110

And for every Licence to be granted as herein-after mentioned to any licensed Keeper of a Refreshment House to sell therein by Retail Foreign Wine to be consumed in such House or on the Premises belonging thereto —

If such House and Premises shall be under the Rent and Value of 50/. a

Year - - -330

And if the same shall be of the Rent or Value of 50/. a Year or upwards 5 5 0

And for every Licence to be taken out by any Person for the selling by Retail in any Shop of Foreign and British Wine not to be consumed in the House or Shop or on the Premises where sold —

If the House and Premises shall be under the Rent and Value of 50/. a

Year - - - 2 ' 2 0

And if the same shall be of the Rent or Value of 50/. a Year or upwards 3 3 0

II. The Duties by this Act granted shall be deemed to be Excise Duties, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being; and all Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in or enacted by any Act in force in relation to Excise Duties, shall, in all Cases not herein expressly provided for, and so far as the same are not superseded by and are consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, be duly observed, applied, and put in execution for ascertaining the Rent or Value of any House or Premises in respect of which any Licence shall be applied for under this Act, and for charging, collecting, and securing the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act with reference to such Rent or Value and to the said Duties hereby granted.

nL Every Person who shall keep a Shop for the Sale of any Goods or Commodities other than Foreign Wine, or who shall have taken out a Licence as a Dealer in Wine (except Persons expressly disqualified by this Act), shall, without producing or having any other Licence or Authority, be entitled to take out a Licence under this Act to sell by Retail, and in reputed Quart or Pint Bottles only, in such Shop Foreign Wine not to be 23 VICT. R consumed

From and after 1st July 1860, certain Duties to be charged for Licences herein mentioned.

Powers and Provisions of Excise Acts to apply to the Duties granted by this Act.

Every Person keeping a Shop entitled to take out a Licence to retail Wine not to be consumed on the Premises

V

What shall be deemed selling by Retail.

Permitting drinking Wine in a neighbouring House, Shed, &c., with Intent to evade the Provisions of this Act, to be deemed drinking on the Premises.

[Penalty.]

Persons keeping Houses, &c. herein named required to take out Licences.

Confectioners and Eating-house Keepers entitled to take out Licences to sell Wine to be drunk on the Premises.

Wine Licences not to be granted for Refreshment Houses under a certain Rent or annual Value.

Persons disqualified to hold Wine Licences.

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

consumed on the Premises where sold, anything in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Every Sale of Foreign Wine in any less Quantity than Two Gallons, or in less than One Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, at One Time, shall be deemed to be a selling by Retail.

V. If any Person licensed to sell Wine not to be consumed on the Premises shall, with Intent to evade the Provisions of this Act, take or carry, or authorize or employ or permit or suffer any Person to take or carry, any Wine out of or from the House, Shop, or Premises of such licensed Person, for the Purpose of being sold on his Account, or for his Benefit or Profit drunk or consumed, in any other House, or in any Tent, Shed, or other Premises of any kind whatever belonging to such licensed Person, or hired, used, or occupied by him, such Wine shall be deemed and taken to have been drunk or consumed upon the Premises; and the Person selling the same shall be subject to the like Penalties as if such Wine had been actually consumed in any House or upon any Premises licensed only for the Sale thereof as aforesaid.

VI. All Houses, Rooms, Shops, or Buildings kept open for Public Refreshment, Resort, and Entertainment at any Time between the Hours of Nine of the Clock at Night and Five of the Clock of the following Morning, not being licensed for the Sale of Beer, Cider, Wine, or Spirits respectively, shall be deemed Refreshment Houses within this Act, and the Resident, Owner, Tenant, or Occupier thereof shall be required to take out a Licence under this Act to keep a Refreshment House; and every Person who shall keep any House, Room, Shop, or Building for the Purpose of selling therein any Victual or Refreshment to be consumed on the Premises where the same shall be sold (except Beer, Cider, Wine, and Spirits sold respectively under a proper Licence in that Behalf), and every Person who shall keep any House, Room, Shop, or Building for the Consumption therein by the Public of any Refreshment (except as aforesaid), although the same shall not be sold therein, may, if he shall think fit, take out a Licence under this Act to keep a Refreshment House; and in all Proceedings and upon all Occasions whatever it shall be sufficient to describe by the Term Refreshment House any House, Room, Shop, or Building in which any such Article as aforesaid (except as aforesaid) is sold to be consumed, or is consumed as aforesaid, without further or otherwise designating or describing the same.

VII. Every Person who shall be licensed to keep a Refreshment House, and shall pursue therein the Trade or Business of a Confectioner, or shall keep open such House as an Eating-house, for the Purpose of selling, to be consumed therein, Animal Food or other Victuals wherewith Wine or other fermented Liquors are usually drunk, shall be entitled (subject to the Terms and Conditions of this Act, and not being expressly disqualified thereby) to take out a Licence to sell Foreign Wine by Retail in such Refreshment House, to be consumed on the Premises where the same shall have been sold, without producing or having any other Licence or Authority than as aforesaid; and every Confectioner and Eating-house Keeper respectively who shall have taken out such Licence to retail Wine under this Act shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under any other Act or Acts by reason or on account of his selling Wine by Retail, or having the same in his Possession in his entered Premises, anything in any other Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That no Licence to sell Foreign Wine by Retail to be consumed on the Premises shall be granted for any Refreshment House which, with the Premises belonging thereto and occupied therewith, shall be under the Rent and Value of Ten Pounds a Year, nor for any Refreshment House situated in any City, Borough, Town, or Place containing a Population exceeding Ten thousand according to the then last Parliamentary Census, if such Refreshment House, with the Premises belonging thereto and occupied therewith, shall be under the Rent and Value of Twenty Pounds a Year; and no Sheriffs Officer, or Officer executing the legal Process of any Court of Justice, shall be capable of receiving or using any Licence under this Act to sell Wine by Retail to be consumed

129

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

suraed on the Premises; and every Licence which shall be granted contrary hereto shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. Every Person who shall keep a Refreshment House for which a Licence is required by this Act, without taking out and having in force a proper Licence in that Behalf granted to him under the Authority of this Act, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, which Penalty shall Be recovered as herein-after directed.

X. All Licences authorized to be granted under this Act shall be granted by and under the Hands of the Collector or other Person having charge of the Excise Collection, and the Supervisor of Excise of the District within which respectively the Refreshment House or other House or Shop for or relating to which any such Licence shall be required, or by such other Person or Persons as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall appoint or authorize in that Behalf, on Payment of the Duty chargeable for such Licences respectively; and every such Licence shall be in the Form contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue from Time to Time to make such Alterations therein as they may deem to be necessary, in consequence of any Alteration or Amendment of the Law, in order to make such Form of Licence conformable to the Law for the Time being.

XI. All Licences which shall be granted under the Authority of this Act between the Thirty-first Day of March and the First Day of May in any Year shall be dated on the First Day of April, and all Licences which shall be granted at any other Time shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and all such Licences, whensoever granted, shall have Effect on and after the Day of the Date thereof, until the First Day of April then next following, and shall be renewed annually on Payment of the Duty by this Act charged thereon respectively.

XII. Upon the Death of any Person licensed under this Act before the Expiration of the Licence, it shall be lawful for the Persons authorized to grant Licences to authorize and empower, by Endorsement or otherwise, as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall direct, the Executors or Administrators or the Widow or Child of such deceased Person who shall be possessed of and occupy the Dwelling House and Premises before used for such Purpose, to continue the Business for which such Licence was granted, and to sell in the same House and Premises such Articles as by the said Licence are authorized to he sold therein during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without taking out any fresh Licence or Payment of any additional Duty thereon, and the Person so authorized and empowered shall then be deemed to be a Person licensed under this Act, and accordingly subject to the Provisions, Conditions, Regulations, and Penalties contained therein.

XIII. If any Person licensed to keep a Refreshment House shall be desirous of selling Foreign Wine by Retail to be consumed therein, he shall previously to the granting to him for the First Time of a Licence for that Purpose fill up and sign a Requisition for such Licence in such Form as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide in that Behalf, specifying therein the true Christian and Surname and Place or Places of Abode during the last Six Months of the Applicant, the Description and Situation of the House for which the Licence is required, and the true yearly Rent or annual Value thereof; and such Requisition shall be made in Duplicate, and delivered to the Supervisor of Excise for the District in which such Refreshment House is situated, who shall forthwith deliver or transmit by Post One of such Duplicates, together with a Notice to the Effect herein-after directed, to the Clerk of the Special Sessions in London at the Mansion House of the City of London, if the Refreshment House shall be situated within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, or to the Clerk to the Justices of the Court of Petty Sessions holden for the Division or Place within which such Refreshment House is situated, if situated elsewhere than as aforesaid; and every such Duplicate shall be accompanied by a Notice to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, and such Justices respectively, signed by the said Supervisor, to the Effect that a Licence to retail Wine will be granted, pursuant to such Requisition, on or immediately after a Day to be specified in such Notice, not less

R 2 distant

Penalty for keeping a Refreshment House without Licence, 20/.

By whom Licences under this Act shall be granted.

Forms of Licences as in' Schedule to this Act

Licences: Date, Expiration, and Renewal thereof.

On Death of a licensed Person, his Representative, or Widow or Child, may be authorized to continue the Business for which the Licence was granted, for the Remainder of the Term thereof.

Notice of First Application for a Wine Licence for a Refreshment House to be given to Justices, who may object to the granting thereof on Grounds to be stated.

No Notice of Objection to be signed, &c. until the Applicant has been heard against the same.

Notice to be given of Application for Licence to retail Wine to be consumed on the Premises in a House not previously licensed.

Justices may object to the Renewal of a Wine Licence if they shall

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

distant than Thirty Days from the Day of the Delivery or Transmission of the same, unless in the meantime Notice in Writing, signed by the said Lord Mayor, or by the Alderman of the Ward in which the Refreshment House is situated, or by the said Justices, or a Majority of them present in Petty Sessions, as the Case may be, shall be received by the said Supervisor, to the Effect that the said Lord Mayor, Alderman, or Justices, as the Case may be, doth or do object to the granting of the said Wine Licence, on One or more of the following Grounds, specifying the same, that is to say, that the House for which such Licence is required is not a Confectioner's Shop, or an Eating-house within the Meaning of this Act, or not of the yearly Rental or annual Value required by this Act, or that it is a disorderly House, or a House frequented by Prostitutes or other disorderly Persons, or that it is adjudged disqualified for the Sale of Wine therein, or that the Applicant is disqualified from selling AVine under the Provisions of this Act, specifying the Grounds of such Disqualification respectively, or that the Applicant has within Three Years been convicted of any Offence punishable by Imprisonment, or that the Applicant having within Three Years held a Licence to keep a Beerhouse, common Inn, Alehouse, or Victualling House, has forfeited or been refused a Renewal of such Licence; and if such Notice of Objection shall be received by the said Supervisor within the Time limited as aforesaid the said Licence shall not be granted; but if otherwise, and no such Caveat as herein-after mentioned be received by the said Supervisor, then such Licence shall be granted on Payment of the Duty by this Act charged thereon, provided the Applicant shall be entitled to such Licence under the Provisions of this Act in other respects: Provided always, that no such Notice of Objection shall be signed or sent by the said Lord Mayor, Alderman, or Justices until after they respectively shall have summoned the Applicant for such Licence to show Cause, and shall have heard him against the Objection to the granting thereof, or he shall have refused or neglected to attend before them respectively to show Cause, pursuant to their Summons; and every such Summons shall specify the Grounds of such Objection; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Alderman, and Justices respectively, pending their Decision upon any such Objection as aforesaid, and before the Expiration of the said Period of Thirty Days, to transmit to the said Supervisor a Notice by way of Caveat against the granting of such Licence, and in that Case the Licence shall not be granted if within the further Period of Thirty Days from the Receipt of such Caveat the Objection to the granting of the Licence shall be affirmed by the said Lord Mayor, Alderman, or Justices, and Notice thereof shall be given to the said Supervisor.

XIV. Provided always, That every Person intending to apply for a Licence to be granted under the Authority of this Act to retail Wine to be consumed on the Premises in respect of any House, Room, Shop, or Building not theretofore licensed for the Consumption of Wine therein, shall affix or cause to be affixed a Notice on the Door of such House, Room, Shop, or Building, and on the Door of the Church or Chapel of the Parish or Place in which such House shall be situate, and, where there shall be no Church or Chapel, on some other public and conspicuous Place within such Parish or Place, on Three several Sundays previous to his Application for such Licence, at some Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and shall serve a Copy of such Notice upon One of the Overseers of the Poor, and upon One of the Constables or other Peace Officers of the said Parish or Place, Fourteen Days at the least previous to such Application; and every such Notice, and the Copies thereof, shall be written in a fair and legible Hand, or printed, and shall be signed by the Party intending to make such Application, or by his Agent thereunto authorized, and shall set forth the Situation of the House, Shop, or Building in a true and particular Manner, and the Christian and Surname of the Party applying, together with the Place of his Residence, and his Trade or Calling during the Six Months previous to the Time of serving such Notice, and his Intention to apply for a Licence to retail AVine to be consumed in such House or Premises.

XV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor and Alderman, and for any Two Justices in Petty Sessions respectively, after any such Wine Licence shall have been granted for any Refreshment House within their respective Jurisdictions, but Three Months at least before the Expiration of such Licence, to give Notice to the

Holder

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

Holder thereof to appear before them respectively, and show Cause why an Objection (stating the Grounds thereof) should not be lodged against a Renewal of his Licence; and if upon the Hearing the said Lord Mayor or Alderman, or the Justices present in Petty Sessions, or a Majority of them (as the Case may be), shall see just Cause of Objection on One or more of the Grounds mentioned in the preceding Clause, they shall give to the said Supervisor of the District within which the «nid Refreshment House shall be situated Notice of Objection against the Renewal of such Licence, and shall specify the Grounds of Objection in such Notice; and on the Expiration of such Wine Licence, after such Notice as aforesaid given to the Supervisor, no Renewal thereof shall be granted, unless the Decision of the said Lord Mayor or Alderman or Justices shall be reversed upon an Appeal against the same, as herein-after allowed; (that is to say): Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Holder of the said Licence to appeal against the said Decision of the said Lord Mayor or Alderman or Justices to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the City or County (as the Case may be) after the Expiration of Ten Days from the making of such Decision, upon giving Seven Days previous Notice in Writing to the said Lord Mayor or Alderman or Justices of his Intention so to appeal; and the said Court of Sessions shall hear and finally determine the said Appeal, and upon Notice of such Determination given to the said Supervisor, the said Licence shall be refused or granted conformably therewith.

XVI. A List or Register of every Licence granted under the Authority of this Act, specifying the Name and Place of Abode of every Person licensed, and the Name and Description of the House for which such Licence shall be granted, and whether the Licence shall be to keep a Refreshment House or for the Sale of Wine therein, shall be kept at the Office or Dwelling House of every Collector and Supervisor of Excise in their respective Collections and Districts; and such List or Register shall at all Times be produced to and shall be open to the Inspection and Perusal of any Justice of the County or Place where such Licence shall be granted and where such House shall be situate, and a Copy of such List and Register shall, once in every Six Months, be transmitted by every Collector and Supervisor of Excise to the Clerk of the Magistrates for the District in which such Licence shall be granted, and any Copy or Extract of or from such List or Register which shall be at any Time required by the Clerk to the said Justices shall be given to him by such Collector or Supervisor whenever thereto required.

XVII. In case any Complaint shall be laid before Two Justices of the Peace against any Person licensed to sell Wine by Retail under the Authority of this Act, for any Offence against the Tenor of his Licence or against this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices (if they shall think fit) to require such Person to produce his Licence before them, for their Examination; and if such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse so to do he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall think proper.

XVIII. It shall be lawful for all Constables and Officers of Police, when and so often as they shall respectively think proper, to enter into all Houses licensed as Refreshment Houses under the Authority of this Act, and into and upon the Premises belonging thereto; and if any Person licensed to keep a Refreshment House, or any Servant or other Person in his Employ or by his Direction, shall refuse to admit or shall not admit any Constable or Officer of Police demanding Admittance into such Refreshment House or upon such Premises, the Person so licensed shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Costs of Conviction, to be recovered before One or more Justices of the Peace, on Information or Complaint made within Seven Days next after the Day on which such Offence was committed; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices before whom any such Person shall be convicted for the Second Time of any such Offencfe to adjudge (if they shall so think fit) the Licence or Licences of such Offender in respect of such Refreshment House to be forfeited, and that he shall be disqualified from having any Licence granted to him under this Act in respect of such House for the Space of Two Years, or for such shorter Space of Time as they may think proper to adjudge.

XIX. Every

131

see just Cause of Objection.

A List of Licences to be kept by Collectors and Supervisors for Inspection of the Justices, and Copies of the List to be transmitted to the Justices Clerk.

In case of Complaint licensed Retailers of Wine to produce their Licences on Requisition of Two Justices.

Constables and Police Officers empowered to visit licensed Refreshment Houses. Penalty for refusing them Admittance.

Licence to be forfeited on Second Conviction if Justices think fit.

Penalty for selling Wine by lie tail without Licence.

Additional Penalty on unlicensed Persons selling Wine.

What shall be deemed Foreign Wine, and what shall be deemed Spirits.

Licences to be void on Conviction of Felony or selling Spirits without Licence.

Licensed Retailers of Wine to make Entry of Houses, &c. with the Excise.

Excise Officers empowered to enter the Premises of licensed Retailers of Wine.

Penalty on Persons licensed to retail Wine having Spirits in their entered Premises.

Standard Measures to be used in the Sale of Wine.

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

XIX. Every Person who shall sell any Wine by Retail, whether to be consumed on the Premises or not, without having a proper Licence in force duly authorizing him in that Behalf, shall, over and above any other Penalty to which he may be liable, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, which shall be denominated an Excise Penalty.

XX. If any Person, not being duly licensed to sell Wines, shall retail any Wine, either to be consumed in or upon the House or Premises or off the Premises where sold, or if any Person shall sell any Wine to be consumed in or upon the House or Premises where sold without being licensed so to do, such Person shall, in addition to any Excise Penalty to which he may thereby become subject, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXI. All Liquor which shall be sold or offered for Sale by any Person, whether licensed under this Act or not, as being Foreign Wine, or under the Name by which any Foreign Wine is usually designated or known, shall, as against the Person who shall so sell or offer the same for Sale, be deemed and taken to be Foreign Wine; and any fermented Liquor containing a greater Proportion than Forty per Centum of Proof Spirit shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits.

XXII. Every Person who shall be convicted of Felony or of selling Spirits without Licence shall for ever thereafter be disqualified from selling Wine by Retail, and no Licence to sell Wine by Retail under this Act shall be granted to any Person who shall have been so convicted as aforesaid; and if any Person shall, after having been so convicted as aforesaid, take out or have any Licence to sell Wine by Retail under this Act, the same shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and every Person who shall, after being convicted as aforesaid, sell any Wine by Retail in any Manner whatsoever, shall incur the Penalty for so doing without Licence; and in all such Cases, in the Prosecution for the Recovery of such Penalty a Certificate from the Clerk of Assize or the Clerk of the Peace or Person acting as such of any such Conviction as aforesaid shall on the Trial in such Prosecution be legal Evidence thereof.

XXIII. Every Person licensed to retail Wine under this Act shall, in manner directed by the Laws of Excise in that Behalf, make Entry with the proper Officer of Excise of every House, Cellar, Room, and Place for storing, keeping, or retailing of Wine, on pain of forfeiting the Penalties imposed by the Statutes in that Behalf for making use of any unentered Room or Place; and all Wine found in any such unentered House, Cellar, Room, or Place shall be forfeited.

XXIV. It shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise, during the Hours in which any House licensed for the Retail of Wine to he consumed on the Premises may be kept open, to enter into every House, Cellar, Room, or Place entered for the storing, keeping, or retailing of Wine to be consumed as aforesaid, and to make search for and seize all Spirits which may be found in any such House, Cellar, Room, and Place, and to examine all Wine kept therein.

XXV. If any Person licensed to retail Wine under this Act shall receive into or keep or have in his Possession, in any Cellar, Room, or Place entered for storing, keeping, or retailing Wine, any Spirits, he shall, in addition to all other Penalties, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, which shall be denominated an Excise Penalty; and all Spirits found in any such entered Cellar, Room, or Place shall be forfeited; and on Conviction of any such licensed Person in any Penalty for having Spirits in his Possession, or for selling or retailing Spirits, the Licence of such Person for retailing Wine shall become null and void, and shall be so adjudged.

XXVI. Every Person licensed under this Act to sell Wine by Retail shall, if required, sell or otherwise dispose of all such Wine (except Wine in Bottle and Quantities less than Half a Pint) by the Gallon, Quart, Pint, or Half Pint Measure, sized or marked according to the Standard, and shall also, if required by any Guest or Customer purchasing such Wine, retail the same in a Vessel sized or marked according to such Standard; and in default thereof he shall for every such Offence forfeit the illegal Measure, and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, together with the Costs of the Conviction, to be recovered by Information

or

133

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

or Complaint made within Seven Days next after that on which the Offence was committed, before Two Justices of the Peace; and such Penalty shall be over and above all Penalties to which the Offender may be liable under any other Act.

XXVII. No Person licensed under this Act to sell Wine by Retail shall have or keep his House open for the Sale of Wine, nor shall sell any Wine, nor shall suffer any Wine to be drunk or consumed in or at such House at any Time before the Hour of Five of the Clock in the Morning, nor after Twelve of the Clock at Night, of any Day in the Week, in the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Boundaries of any of the Boroughs of Marylebone, the Tower Hamlets, Lambeth, or Southwark, as defined by an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four; nor after Eleven of the Clock at Night within any Parish or Place within the Bills of Mortality, or within any City, Cinque Port, Town Corporate, Parish, or Place, the Population of which, according to the last Parliamentary Census, shall exceed Two thousand five hundred, or within One Mile, to be measured as aforesaid, from any Polling Place used at the last Election for any Town having a like Population, and returning a Member or Members to Parliament, nor after Ten of the Clock at Night elsewhere; nor shall any such House be open for the Sale or Consumption therein of any Article whatever at any Time during which the Houses of Licensed Victuallers now are or hereafter shall be closed on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving; nor at any Time between the Hours of One and Four of the Clock in the Morning on any Day whatever; and if any Person licensed as aforesaid shall keep his House open for selling or shall sell any Wine, or suffer any Wine to be drunk or consumed in or at such House, at any other Time than as herein-before prescribed and directed, or shall keep his House open as aforesaid, contrary to any Prohibition in this Clause contained, he shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Offence; and every separate Sale shall be deemed a separate Offence: Provided always, that nothing in this Clause contained shall extend to prevent the Keeper of a Refreshment House, being duly licensed to retail Wine, from selling to any Lodger therein any Wine at any Hour of the Day or Night, either on Sunday or any other Day.

XXVIII. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting for any County or Place where any Riot or Tumult shall happen or be expected to take place to order or direct that every Person licensed under the Authority of this Act to sell Wine by Retail in any House within their respective Jurisdiction, in or near the Place where such Riot or Tumult shall happen or be expected to take place, shall close his House at any Time which the said Justices shall order or direct; and every such Person who shall keep open his House at or after any Hour at which such Justices shall have so ordered or directed such House to be closed shall be taken and deemed to have not maintained good Order and Rule therein, and to be guilty of an Offence against the Tenor of the Licence granted to him.

XXIX. Every Person licensed under this Act to sell Wine by Retail who shall permit any Person to be guilty of Drunkenness or other disorderly Conduct in the House or Premises mentioned in such Licence, or who shall himself be guilty of any such disorderly Conduct, shall for every such Offence forfeit the respective Sums following; and every Person who shall transgress or neglect or shall be a Party in transgressing or neglecting the Conditions and Provisions specified in such Licence, or shall allow such Conditions or Provisions to be in any way transgressed or neglected in the said House or Premises, shall be deemed guilty of disorderly Conduct; and every Person so licensed who shall permit or be guilty of any such disorderly Conduct shall for the First Offence forfeit any such Sum, not less than Forty Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as the Justices before whom he shall be convicted of such Offence shall adjudge, and for the Second Offence any Sum not less than Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds, and for the Third such Offence any Sum not less than Twenty Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Justices before whom any such Conviction for any such Second or Third Offence shall take place to adjudge, if they shall so think fit, that such Offender shall be disqualified from selling Wine by Retail for any Term not exceeding Five Years next ensuing such Conviction;

Limitation of Hours for opening and closing Houses licensed for the Sale of Wine by Retail.

Exception in favour of Lodgers.

Houses licensed for the Sale of Wine to be closed by Order of Justices in Cases of Riot, &c.

Penalty on Retailers of W ine permitting Drunkenness, &c. in their Houses:

First Offence:

Second Offence:

Third Offence.

134

Penalty for mixing Spirits or Drugs in Wine or adulterating Wine: First Offence:

Second Offence.

Penalty on selling Wine after Conviction of Second Offence.

Penalties other than Excise Penalties recoverable before Two Justices in Petty Sessions, within Three Months after Offence committed.

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Justices may

adjudge Premises disqualified for Sale of Wine on Proof that within Two Years last preceding such Third conviction, Two Convictions have taken place.

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

tion; and if any Person so licensed as aforesaid shall mix or cause to be mixed any Spirits or any Drugs or other pernicious Ingredients with any Wine sold in his House or Premises, or shall fraudulently dilute or in anyways adulterate any such Wine, or shall sell or offer for Sale any Wine which, to the Knowledge of such Person, has been so mixed, diluted, or adulterated, he shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not less than Ten Pounds nor more than Twenty Pounds, as the Justices before whom he shall be convicted of such Offence shall adjudge, and for the Second such Offence he shall be disqualified from selling Wine by Retail for the Term of Five Years, or forfeit any Sum of Money not lees than Twenty Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justices before whom he shall be adjudged guilty of such Second Offence; and if any Offender convicted of such Second Offence as last aforesaid shall during such Term of Five Years sell any Wine by Retail, either in the House and Premises mentioned in his Licence or in any other Place, he shall forfeit any Sum not less than Twenty-five Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds, and shall be subject to a like Penalty at any and every House or Place where he shall commit such Offence.

XXX. All Penalties under this Act, except those denominated Excise Penalties, shall be recovered upon the Information or Complaint of a Constable or other Peace Officer before Two Justices acting in Petty Sessions, and shall be prosecuted and proceeded for within Three Calendar Months next after the Commission of the Offence in respect of which such Penalty shall be incurred, or within such shorter Time as may be herein limited with regard to any particular Penalty; and every Person licensed under this Act to retail Wine, to be consumed on the Premises, who shall be convicted before Two Justices so acting in and for the Division or Place in which shall be situate the House kept or theretofore kept by such Person, of any Offence against the Tenor of the Licence to him granted under this Act, or of any Offence for which any Penalty is imposed by this Act, shall, unless Proof be adduced to the Satisfaction of such Justices that such Person had been theretofore convicted within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next preceding of some Offence against the Tenor of his Licence or against this Act, be adjudged to be guilty of a First Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit and pay any Penalty by this Act imposed for such Offence, or if no specific Penalty be so imposed then any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction; and if such Proof as aforesaid shall be adduced that such Person had been previously convicted within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next preceding of One such Offence only, such Person shall be adjudged to be guilty of a Second Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit and pay any Penalty by this Act imposed for such Offence, or if no specific Penalty be so imposed then any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction; and if such Proof as aforesaid shall be adduced that such Person had been previously convicted within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months next preceding of Two such separate Offences, and if Proof shall be adduced to the Satisfaction of the Justices that such Person so charged is guilty of the Offence charged against him, such Person shall be adjudged to be guilty of a Third Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit any Penalty imposed by this Act in respect of such Offence, or if no such specific Penalty shall be so imposed then to forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction.

XXXI. It shall be lawful for the Justices before whom any Person holding a Licence under this Act for the Sale of Wine by Retail shall be convicted of any Offence against the Tenor of the said Licence, or for which any Penalty is imposed by this Act, if Proof shall be adduced to their Satisfaction that within Two Years last preceding such Conviction Two Convictions for any such Offence of the same Person, or of any other Person licensed in respect of the same House or Premises, have taken place, to declare the Licence granted in respect of the said House or Premises forfeited and void, and to adjudge that no Licence for the Sale of Wine shall be granted to any Person whatever in respect of the said House or Premises for the Term of Three Years from the Date of such Adjudication, of which Adjudication the Justices shall give Notice to the Supervisor of Excise; and any Licence for the Sale of Wine that may be granted in respect of the said House or Premises during the said Term of Three Years shall be null and void.

XXXII. Every

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

XXXII. Every Person licensed to keep a Refreshment House under this Act who shall (without a Licence for that Purpose) sell or permit or suffer to be sold within such Refreshment House any intoxicating Liquor, or shall knowingly suffer any unlawful Gaines or Gaming therein, or knowingly suffer Prostitutes, Thieves, or drunken and disorderly Persons to assemble at or continue in or upon his Premises, or do, suffer, or permit any Act in contravention of his Licence, shall, upon Conviction thereof before Two Justices, pay for the First Offence a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Second Offence a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds* and for every subsequent Offence a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or be subject to a Forfeiture of his Licence, at the Discretion of the Justices before whom he shall be convicted; and in case of such Forfeiture of his Licence, such Person shall be disqualified for the Space of One Year then next ensuing from obtaining a fresh Licence; and such fresh Licence, if obtained within the said Year, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIII. It shall be lawful for the Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act to mitigate, if they shall see Cause, any Penalty incurred for such Offence; provided that where any Conviction shall take place on any Information exhibited under the Laws of Excise such Penalty shall not be mitigated to any Sum less than One Fourth Part thereof.

XXXIV. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Party convicted of any such Second or Third Offence to appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace then next ensuing, unless such Sessions shall be held within Twelve Days next after such Conviction, and in that Case to the then next subsequent Sessions; and in such Case the Party so convicted shall, before the convicting Justices, forthwith enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, personally to appear at such General or Quarter Sessions, and to abide the Judgment of the Court hereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded, which Recognizances such Justices are hereby authorized to require and take, or in failure of the Party convicted entering into such Recognizance the Conviction shall remain good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices who shall take such Recognizance from the Party convicted are also hereby required to bind the Person who shall make such Charge in a Recognizance to appear at such General or Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, then and there to give Evidence against the Person so charged, and in like Manner to bind any other Person who shall have any Knowledge of the Circumstances of such Offence; and it shall be lawful for such Court of General or Quarter Sessions to adjudge such Person to be guilty of any such Second or Third Offence against the Provisions of this Act, as the Case may be, and such Adjudication shall be final to all Intents and Purposes; and it shall be lawful for such Court of General or Quarter Sessions to punish such Offender by Fine not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with the Costs of such Appeal, or to adjudge the License granted to and held by or on behalf of such Offender to be forfeited and void, or to adjudge that no Wine shall be sold by Retail in the House or Premises mentioned in the Licence of such Offender for the Term of Two Years from the Date of such Adjudication, or to punish such Offender by such Fine as aforesaid, and to adjudge such Premises to be disqualified for the Sale of Wine as aforesaid, and such Licence to be forfeited and void, and if such Licence shall be adjudged to be forfeited and void, it shall thenceforth be void accordingly; and whenever in such Case or in any other Case the Licence of such Offender shall be adjudged to be void, such Offender shall from and after such Adjudication be deemed and taken to be incapable of selling Wine by Retail in any House kept by him for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the Time of such Adjudication, and any Licence granted to such Person during such Term shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXV. Whenever it shall happen that any Appeal in pursuance of this Act shall be dismissed, or that the Judgment appealed against shall be affirmed, or that such Appeal shall be abandoned, it shall be lawful for the Court to which such Appeal shall have been made or intended to have been made, and such Court is hereby required, to adjudge and order that the Party so having appealed, or having entered into such Recognizance, shall pay to the Justices against whose Judgment such Appeal shall have been made or intended to be 23 VICT. S made.

135

Penalties for Offences in Refreshment Houses.

Power to Justices to mitigate Penalties.

Appeal to the Sessions against a Second or Third Conviction.

Court to adjudge Costs of Appeal in certain Cases.

Proceedings on Appeal to be carried on by the Constable, and the Expenses of Prosecution to be charged on County Rates.

Power to Lord Mayor, Alderman, or Justices of the Peace to summon Witnesses and examine them on Oath.

23° VICTORIA3, c. 27.

made, or to whomsoever they shall appoint, such Sum by way of Costa as shall in the Opinion of such Court be sufficient to indemnify such Justices from all Costs and Charges whatsoever to which such Justices may have been put in consequence of the Intention or declared Intention of such Party to appeal; and if such Party shall refuse or neglect to pay forthwith such Sum, it shall be lawful for the said Court to adjudge and order that the Party so refusing or neglecting shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain until such Sum be paid, or for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Sum be sooner paid; and in every Case in which the Judgment so appealed against shall be reversed it shall be lawful for such Court (if it shall think fit) to adjudge and order that the Treasurer of the County or Place in and for which such Justices whose Judgment shall have been so reversed shall have acted on the Occasion when they shall have given such Judgment shall pay to such Justices, or to whomsoever they shall appoint, such Sum as shall in the Opinion of such Court be sufficient to indemnify such Justices from all Costs and Charges whatsoever to which they may have been so put; and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized to pay the same, which shall be allowed to him in his Accounts.

XXXVI. In every Case in which any Appeal shall be made by any Person convicted of any Offence under the Provisions of this Act to the General or Quarter Sessions it shall be lawful for the convicting Justices, if no other fit and proper Person shall appear to prosecute such Charge, and to carry on such Proceedings as may be necessary to obtain at such Session an Adjudication thereon, to order that a Constable of the City of London Police Force within the City of London and Liberties thereof, or a Constable of the Metropolitan Police Force within the Metropolitan Police District, or if elsewhere the Superintendent or Inspector of Police of the District, or the Constable or other Peace Officer of the Parish or Place in which the House kept by the Person charged shall be situate, as to the said Justices shall seem fit, shall carry on all Proceedings necessary to obtain such Adjudication as aforesaid, and to bind any such Constable, or the said Superintendent or Inspector of Police, or other Peace Officer, in a sufficient Recognizance so to do; and it shall be lawful for the Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted to order the Treasurer of the County or Place in-and for which such Justices shall then act to pay to such Constable, Superintendent, Inspector, or other Peace Officer, and to the Witnesses on his Behalf, such Sum or Sums of Money as to the Court shall appear to be sufficient to reimburse them respectively the Expenses which they shall have been severally put to in and about such Prosecution, which Order the Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out, and to deliver to such Constable, Superintendent, Inspector, or other Peace Officer and Witnesses respectively; and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to the Person authorized to receive the same such Money as aforesaid, and the said Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

XXXVII. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor or Alderman, and for the Justices of the Peace before whom respectively any Question shall be depending touching any Objection against the granting or renewing of a Licence under the Provisions of this Act, to summon Witnesses on behalf of either Party to such Question, and to examine all such Witnesses on Oath, and to do and perform all Things necessary for the due and proper Hearing and Determination of such Question, and also to order Payment of Fees, Allowances, and reasonable Expenses to their Clerks, and to all Witnesses, Constables, and other Persons by whom any Duties shall have been performed or Expenses or Loss of Time incurred respectively under this Act; and the Amount of such Fees, Allowances, and Expenses shall be ascertained according to the Tables of Fees and Allowances for the Time being in force in the County, City, or Borough respectively within which the Refreshment House in question shall be situate; and the Order for Payment may be made at the Discretion of the said Lord Mayor, Alderman, or Justices, either wholly or partially, on the Applicant or on the Objector, or, if the Equity of the Case shall seem so to require, then on the Treasurer of the County, City, or Borough aforesaid, who shall be reimbursed out of the County or Borough Rate; and the Provisions of the Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, for the Recovery of

Costs

137

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

Costs ordered by Justices in Petty Sessions to be paid, shall apply to all Costs, Allowances, and Expenses ordered to be paid under this Act.

XXXVIII. Any Person summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before the said Lord Mayor or Alderman, or any Justices or Sessions, touching any Matters arising under this Act, either on the Part of the Complainant or of the Person accused, or of any Person interested in any such Matter, who shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, and who shall not make such reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal as shall be admitted and allowed by such Lord Mayor or Alderman or Justices or Sessions, or who appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or Affirmation and give Evidence, shall, on Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

XXXIX. Every Person licensed to sell Wine, Spirits, Beer, Cider, or any other fermented or distilled Liquors by Retail, to be drunk or consumed on the Premises, who knowingly harbours or entertains, or suffers to remain in the Place wherein he carries on his Business, any Constable during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, unless for the Purpose of quelling any Disturbance or restoring Order, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XL. Every Person found drunk in any Street or public Thoroughfare, and who while drunk is guilty of any riotous or indecent Behaviour, shall, upon summary Conviction of such Offence before Two Justices, be liable to a Penalty of not more than Forty Shillings for every such Offence, or may be committed, if the Justices or Magistrate before whom he is convicted think fit, instead of inflicting on him any pecuniary Penalty, to the House of Correction for any Time not more than Seven Days.

XLI. Any Person who shall be drunk, riotous, quarrelsome, or disorderly in any Shop, House, Premises, or Place licensed for the Sale of Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail to be consumed on the Premises, or for Refreshment, Resort, and Entertainment under the Provisions of this Act, and shall refuse or neglect to quit such Shop, House, Premises, or Place upon being requested so to do by the Manager or Occupier, or his Agent or Servant, or by any Constable, shall, on Conviction thereof before One Justice, be liable to pay a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings; and all Constables are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, on the Demand of such Manager, Occupier, Agent, or Servant, to assist in expelling such drunken, riotous, quarrelsome, and disorderly Persons from such Shops, Houses, Premises, and Places.

XLII. And with regard to all Penalties incurred under this Act, except the Penalties herein denominated Excise Penalties, all the Provisions contained in the Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, relating to Proceedings for the Recovery of Penalties by summary Conviction, and to Appeals against such Convictions, and the levying and enforcing of Penalties, and the Costs of such Proceedings, shall be applied and put in force in relation to the Penalties by this Act imposed.

XLIII. The Penalties imposed by this Act denominated Excise Penalties shall be recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and in like Manner, as Penalties may be recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied under the Laws of Excise in that Behalf.

XLIV. Provided always, That any Covenant or Clause of Restriction contained in any Lease or Contract between a Landlord and Tenant, whereby the Trade or Business of a Vintner is prohibited from being carried on in any House, Building, or Place mentioned or comprised in such Lease or Contract, or whereby any such House, Building, or Place is prohibited from being used as a Public House, shall be construed to apply and extend to every Person who shall be licensed to sell Wine to be consumed on the Premises under the Provisions of this Act, and to any House specified in the Licence granted to such Person.

S 2 XLV. Nothing

Penalty on Witnesses refusing to attend or to give Evidence.

Penalty for harbouring Constables while on Duty.

Penalty on Drunkards guilty of riotous or indecent Behaviour.

Penalty on drunken and disorderly Persons refusing to quit licensed Houses on Request

Constables to assist in expelling them if required.

Provisions of 11 & 12 Vict c. 43. to be applied in the Recovery of Penalties under this Act

How Excise Penalties under this Act are to be recovered, &c.

Covenants against Houses, &c. being used as Public Houses to extend to Persons licensed to sell Wine under this Act

138

Act not to affect the Two Universities, or the Vintners Company in London, or the Borough of St. Albans.

Extent of Act

23° VICTORIA, c. 27.

XLV. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend to alter or in any Manner to affect any of the Rights or Privileges of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or the Powers of the Chancellors or Vice-Chancellors of the same, as by Law possessed under the respective Charters of the said Universities or otherwise, or the Master, Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty of the Vintners of the City of London, except as to those Freemen of the said Company of Vintners who have obtained the same by Redemption only, or the Mayor or Burgesses of the Borough of St. Albans in the County of Hertford, or their Successors.

XLVI. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland.

SCHEDULES.

No. 1.

Form of Licence to the Keeper of a Refreshment House.

We, the undersigned, being the Collector and Supervisor of Excise for the Collection of and District of, do hereby authorize and empower,

now being a Householder, and dwelling in a House in, in the Parish

of, within the Limits of the said Collection and District, to keep open the said House as a Refreshment House, and to sell any Victual or Refreshment to be consumed therein, and in the Premises thereunto belonging (provided that for the Sale of any exciseable Liquor he shall have in force a proper Licence granted to him in that Behalf), and for this Licence he hath paid the Sum of the said House and Premises being of

[or under, as the Case may be'] the Value of Twenty Pounds a Year; and this Licence is granted upon Condition that the said do not wilfully or knowingly

permit any Drunkenness, or any violent or quarrelsome or other disorderly Conduct, in his House or Premises, nor knowingly suffer any unlawful Games or any gaming whatsoever therein, nor knowingly suffer or permit Persons of known bad Character to assemble and meet together therein, but do maintain good Order and Rule therein: And this Licence shall continue in force from the Day of until the First Day of April next ensuing, and no longer; and this Licence shall cease and determine, and shall become void, in case any of the Conditions or Regulations contained therein shall be transgressed or shall not be observed by the said

Given under our Hands, this Day of 186

, Collector.

, Supervisor.

No. 2.

Form of Licence to the Keeper of a Refreshment House to sell therein Wine by Retail to be

consumed on the Premises.

We, the undersigned, being the Collector and Supervisor of Excise for the Collection of and District of, do hereby authorize and empower,

now being a Householder, and dwelling in a House in, in the Parish

of, within the Limits of the said Collection and District, for which he

has taken out a Licence as a Refreshment House, to sell therein Foreign Wine by Retail, in order that it may be consumed in the said Refreshment House and in the Premises thereunto belonging, and for this Licence he hath paid the Sum of the said House

and Premises being of [or under, as the Case may be] the Value of Fifty Pounds a Year: And this Licence is granted upon Condition that the said do not mix or cause

to be mixed any Spirits, or any Drugs or other pernicious Ingredients in any Wine sold in his said House and Premises, nor fraudulently dilute, or in anyways adulterate any such Wine, nor sell or offer for Sale any Wine which to his Knowledge has been so mixed, diluted, or adulterated; nor use in selling any Wine any Measures which are not of the

legal

139

23° VICTORIA, c. 27, 28.

legal Standard; nor wilfully or knowingly permit any Drunkenness, or any violent or quarrelsome or other disorderly Conduct, in* hi* House or Premises; nor knowingly suffer any unlawful Games or any gaming whatsoever therein, nor knowingly suffer or permit Persons of known bad Character to assemble attd meet together therein, but do maintain good Order and Rule therein; nor have or keep his House or Premises open for the Sale of any Victual, Refreshment, or Wine, nor sell any Victual, Refreshment, or Wine, nor suffer the same to be consumed or drunk in or at such House or Premises, at any Time before the Hour of Four o'Clock in the Morning nor after any Hour of the Clock at Night

Prohibited by the Act 23d Victoria, Cap.

[this Act], nor have or keep his House or ^remises open for the Sale or Consumption therein of any Article whatever at any Time during which the Houses of Licensed Victuallers are required by Law to be closed on any Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, except to a Lodger therein; and this Licence shall continue in force from the Day of until the First Day of April next ensuing,

and no longer: Provided and upon Condition that the said shall not

in the meantime become a Sheriff's Officer, or Officer for executing the Process of any Court of Justice; and this Licence shall cease and determine and shall become void in case any of the Conditions or Regulations contained therein shall be transgressed or shall not be observed by the said

Given under our Hands, this Day of 186 .

, Collector.

, Supervisor.

No. 3.

Form of Licence to sell Wine by Retail, not to be consumed on the Premises.

We, the undersigned, being the Collector and Supervisor of Excise for the Collection of and District of do hereby authorize and empower,

now keeping a Shop for the Sale of Goods and Commodities at, in

the Parish of, within the Limits of the said Collection and District, to

sell therein Foreign and British Wine by Retail, and in reputed Quart or Pint Bottles only, and not to be consumed in the House or Shop or on the said Premises where sold, and for this Licence he hath paid the Sum of the House and Premises being of

[or under, as the Case may be] the Value of Fifty Pounds a Year; and this Licence is granted upon Condition that the said do not mix or cause to be mixed

any Spirits or any Drugs or other pernicious Ingredients in any Wine sold in his Shop or Premises, nor fraudulently dilute or in anyways adulterate any such Wine, nor sell or offer for Sale any Wine which to his Knowledge has been so mixed, diluted, or adulterated; and this Licence shall continue in force from the Day of until the

First Day of April next ensuing, and no longer.

Given under our Hands, this Day of 186 .

, Collector.

, Supervisor.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to repeal the Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, Chapter Eight, commonly called " Sir John Barnard's Act," and the Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Eight.

[14th June 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the 7 q. 2. Second, Chapter Eight, to prevent the Practice of Stock-jobbing, and by another Act passed in the Tenth Year of the said King's Reign, Chapter Eight, the said first- 10 g. 2

mentioned

c. 8.

!. C. 8.

140 23° VICTORIA c. 28 — 30.

mentioned Act was made perpetual: And whereas the said Acts impose unnecessary 1 Restrictions on the making of Contracts for the Sale and Transfer of Public Stocks and 1 Securities, and it is therefore expedient to repeal the same Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Recited Acts I. From and after the passing of this Act the said Two several Acts before mentioned repeaie shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

7 & 8 G. 4. C. 30.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to amend an Act relative to malicious Injuries to Property.

[14th June 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Seventh and

Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty,

intituled An Act for consolidating and amending tlm Laws of England relative to malicious ' Injuries to Property: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act, and in certain i Cases to make further and better Provisions Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

Persons da- I. That if any Person shall unlawfully and maliciously pull down or destroy or damage EnginesIntent to destroy or to render useless, or shall stop, obstruct, or hinder the working of used in work- any Steam Engine or other Engine, or of any Appliance or Apparatus in connexion therein^ Mines with, for sinking, draining, or working any Mine, or for in anywise assisting in the working

Felony0 and thereof, with Intent thereby to destroy or damage such Mine, or to hinder or obstruct or

liable to Pu- delay the working thereof, every such Offender shall be guilty of Felony, and being

nishments as convicted thereof shall be liable to any of the Punishments as may be awarded for any or

in recited Act ejtjier of Offences named in the Sixth Section of the said recited Act.

As to Offences within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty.

II. Where any Felony punishable under this Act shall be committed within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of England and Ireland, the same shall be dealt with, inquired of, tried, and determined in the same Manner as any other Felony committed within that Jurisdiction.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to enable a Majority of Two Thirds of the Ratepayers of any Parish or District, duly assembled, to rate their District in aid of Public Improvements for general Benefit within their District.

[3d July 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Facility should be given for the Purpose of effecting Local Improvements beneficial to the Health and Comfort of the People:' Be it

therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Ratepayers may hold Land, &c. for

I. It shall be lawful for the Ratepayers of any Parish maintaining its own Poor, the Population of which, according to the last Account from Time to Time taken thereof by the Authority

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 30, 31. 141

Authority of Parliament, exceeds Five hundred Persons, to purchase or lease Lands, and to accept Gifts and Grants of Land, for the Purpose of forming any Public Walk, Exercise or Play Ground, and to levy Rates for maintaining the same, and for Removal of any Nuisances or Obstruction to the free Use and Enjoyment thereof, and for improving any open Walk or Footpath, or placing convenient Seats, or Shelters from Rain, and for other Purposes of a similar Nature.

II. This Act may be adopted for any Borough, or for any Parish having a Population of Five hundred or upwards, (according to the last Account for the Time taken by Authority of Parliament,) in the same Manner as the Act of the Ninth and Tenth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-four, may be adopted in such Borough or Parish.

III. Where the Act is adopted in a Borough or in such a Parish, the Provisions of the Act of the Ninth and Tenth Victoria, Chapter Seventy-four, for the Purposes below specified applicable in the like Cases where that Act is adopted, shall take effect for the Purposes of this Act, viz .: All the Provisions concerning

1. The Authority by which and the Manner in which the Act is to be carried into

execution:

2. The Mode of providing the Expenses of carrying the Act into execution (excluding

the Provisions for borrowing Money for such Expenses):

3. The Appointment (in the Case of a Parish) of Commissioners, the Tenure of Office and

Procedure, and the Audit of their Accounts:

4. The Powers of the Councils and Commissioners for the Purposes of the Act (except

the Powers of borrowing Money).

IV. After the Adoption of this Act it shall be lawful for the Ratepayers in Meeting

assembled to rate such Parish to a separate Rate, to be called the " Parish

Improvement Rate;" provided that such Rate be agreed to by a Majority of at least Two Thirds in Value of the Ratepayers assembled at such Meeting.

V. Corporate Bodies shall be allowed to attend Meetings to be held as aforesaid and to vote thereat by some Person to be deputed by them for that Purpose under their Corporate Seal.

VI. Provided always, That previous to any such Rate being imposed a Sum in Amount not less than at least One Half of the estimated Cost of such proposed Improvement shall have been raised, given, or collected by private Subscription or Donation.

VII. Such Rate shall not exceed Sixpence in the Pound.

Purpose of forming Public Walks, &c. and levy Rates for maintaining the same, &c.

Adoption of Act, according to 9 & 10 Vict. c. 74.

As to Public Baths and Wash-houses.

Ratepayers, after Notice given, to rate Parishes.

Corporate Bodies may attend and vote.

One Half of estimated Cost to be raised by Subscription. Amount of Rate.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to repeal a certain Enactment for restraining the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland from lending Money on Mortgage.

[3d July 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-first and 21 & 22 G. 3. Twenty-second Years of King George the Third, Chapter Sixteen, a Bank was estab- c*16, lished and a Company incorporated by the Name of "The Governor and Company of the ' Bank of Ireland " (herein-after called the Corporation): And whereas it has been found i necessary from Time to Time by certain other Acts to make certain Amendments therein: s And whereas it is by Section Seven of the said recited Act, amongst other things, provided if that nothing therein contained shall be construed to enable the said Corporation, or any " Person or Persons on their Behalf, to lend or advance any Sum or Sums to be secured s ff by Mortgage or Sale of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments redeemable, anything therein " contained to the contrary notwithstandingAnd whereas it is expedient that the said 1 Provision should be repealed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty,

Provision restraining Bank of Ireland from lending Money on Mortgage, repealed.

Recited Act and this to be read as One Act.

Jurisdiction of Ecclesiastical Courts in Suits for Defamation und Brawling abolished as against Persons not in Holy Orders.

Persons in Custody for Defamation, See. under Order of Ecclesiastical Courts to be discharged. Order for Discharge not to be made until Costs lawfully incurred are paid.

Penalty for making a Disturbance in Churches, Chapels, Churchyards, &c.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 81.

23°->4" VictOKL*:, c. 31, 32.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spijcltual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority; of the same, ns follows :; .

I. The said recited Provision of the said Act of the Parliamentttfiretmelbf the Twenty-

first and Twenty-second Years of Ivin# George* the Third shall be repealed; a^it^fehall be lawful for the said Corporation, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf* bc^lend or'irdvance any Sum or Sums of Money to be seen rod by Mortgage or Sate of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments redeemable, if the said Corporation shall be think fit.- ':

II. So much of the said recited Act as remains unrepealed, and this Acf, shall be read and construed together as One Act.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to abolish the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland in Cases of Defamation, and in England and Ireland in certain Cases of Brawling.

[3d July 186b.]

WHEREAS it is -expedient to abolish the Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Courts of (England and Ireland over Persons not in Holy Orders in Suits for Brawling, and

to abolish the Jurisdiction of the Ecfclefciastical Courts of Ireland in Suits for Defamation, c as hath already been done with respect to the like Jurisdiction hi England :r Be it therefore enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ! and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the earner

I. That it shall not be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Court in England or Ireland to entertain or adjudicate upon any Suit or Cause of Brawling commenced after the passing of this Act against any Person not being in Holy Orders, nor shall it be lawful for any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland to entertain or adjudicate upon any Suit Or Cause of Defamation commenced as aforesaid; and in the Case of every Person committed or to be committed to Gaol under any Writ De contumace capiendo, issued ifi consequence of any Proceedings before any Ecclesiastical Court in any Cause or Suit for Defamation of Character, or where such Person is not in Holy Orders, for Brawling, the Judge of the Ecclesiastical Court before whom such Proceedings shall have been had shall make an Order upon the Officer in whose Custody such Person shall be at any Time hereafter for discharging such Person out of Custody, and such Officer shall on the Receipt of such Order forthwith discharge such Person; and it shall not be necessary for such Person to take any Oath of future Obedience to his or her Ordinary: Provided always, that such Order shall not be made unless the Costs lawfully incurred in any such Suit shall have been previously paid into the Registry of such Ecclesiastical Court; provided further, that where any such Suit for Brawling or Defamation has been commenced before the passing of this Act, and final Judgment has not been given thereupon, or where final Judgment has been given, but the Defendant has not been taken under a Writ De contumace cfcpiendo pursuant to such Judgment, the Court, upon Payment by the Defendant of the Costs of Suit incurred by the Promoter of the Office of the Judge to the Time of the passing of this Act, shall stay all further Proceedings therein.

II. Any Person who shall be guilty of riotous, violent, or indecent Behaviour, in England or Ireland in any Cathedral Church, Parish or District Church or Chapel of the Church of England and Ireland, or in any Chapel of any Religious Denomination, or in England in any Place of Religious Worship duly certified* under the Provisions of the Eighty-first Chapter of the Statute passed in the Session of Parliament of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law concerning the

certifying

143

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 32, 33.

certifying and registering of Places of Religious Worship in England, whether during the Celebration of Divine Service or at any other Time, or in any Churchyard or Burial Ground, or who shall molest, let, disturb, vex, or trouble, or by any other unlawful Means disquiet or misuse any Preacher duly authorized to preach therein, or any Clergyman in Holy Orders ministering or celebrating any Sacrament or any Divine Service, Bite, or Office in any Cathedral, Church, or Chapel, or in any Churchyard or Burial Ground, shall on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace be liable to a Penalty of not more than Five Pounds for every such Offence* or may, if the Justices before whom he shall be convicted think fit, instead of being subjected to any pecuniary Penalty, be committed to Prison for any Time not exceeding Two Months.

III. Every such Offender in the Premises after the said Misdemeanor so committed immediately and forthwith may be apprehended and taken by any Constable or Churchwarden of the Parish or Place where the said Offence shall be committed, and taken before a Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the said Offence shall have been so committed, to be dealt with according to Law.

IV. Any Person convicted as aforesaid who shall think himself aggrieved by such Conviction may forthwith appeal to the next Court of General or Quarter Sessions, which shall be holden not less than Twelve Days after the Day of such Conviction for the County, Riding, Division City, or Borough wherein the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; provided such Person shall enter into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties before the convicting Justices, conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions and to try such Appeal, and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs ns shall be by the Court awarded; and upon such Recognizance being entered into, the Justices shall liberate such Person, and the Court at such Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter of the Appeal, and shall make such Order therein, with or without Costs to either Party, as to the Court shall seem meet; and in case of the Dismissal of the Appeal or the Affirmance of the Conviction, shall order and adjudge the Offender to be punished according to the Conviction, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded, and shall, if necessary, issue Process for enforcing such Judgment.

Y. The Act Chapter Four of the Statute passed in the Session of Parliament of the Fifth and Sixth Years of th4 Reign of Edward the Sixth is hereby repealed, so far as relat es to Persons not in Holy Orders.

VI. Nothing herein-before contained shall be taken to repeal or alter the Statute passed in the Second Session of the First Year of the Reign of Queen Mary, Chapter Three; or the Statute passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, Chapter Two; or the Eighteenth Section of the Statute passed in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Eighteen.

VII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall limit, restrain, or abolish the Power possessed by the Ordinary over the Fabric of any Church or over the Churchyard or Burial Ground connected therewith.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to amend certain Provisions in the Bankrupt Law of Scotland.

[3d July 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain Provisions of "The Bankruptcy (Scotland) ' Act, 1856/' should be amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited as " The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Amendment Act, 1860."

23 & 24 VICT. T II. If

Offenders maybe immediately after Offence committed, apprehended, &c.

Persons aggrieved may appeal against Conviction.

Chapter 4. of Statute 5 & 6 Edw. 6. repealed.

Act not to affect Statutes of 1 Mar. Sess. 2. c. 3., lEiiz. c. 2., or Sect. 18. of 1 W. & M. c. 18. Nothing to limit Power of Ordinary over Fabric of Churches, See.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 79.

[Short Title.]

, 'tf4

Where it appears to Court of Session, &c. that the Estate ought to be distributed in England or Ireland, Sequestration may be recalled.

Discharge of Bankrupt may in certain Cases be refused, although no Opposition be made by Creditors.

Interlocutors

subject to Review.

" Gazette " in said Act to mean Edinburgh Gazette.

Fee to Sheriff abolished.

Fee payable to Sheriff for Attendances, &c.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 33, 34.

II. If in any Case where Sequestration has been or shall be awarded in Scotland it shall appear to the Court of Session or to the Lord Ordinary, upon a summary Petition by the Accountant in Bankruptcy, or any Creditor or other Person having Interest, presented to either Division of the said Court or to the Lord Ordinary at any Time within Three Months after the Date of the Sequestration, that a Majority of the Creditors in Number and Value reside in England or in Ireland, and that from the Situation of the Property of the Bankrupt or other Causes his Estate and Effects ought to be distributed among the Creditors under the Bankrupt or Insolvent Laws of England or Ireland, the said Court in either Division thereof or the Lord Ordinary, after such Inquiry as to them shall seem fit, may redsi\ the Sequestration.

III. The said Court, in either Division thereof, or the Lord Ordinary, or the Sheriff, may refuse the Application for the Discharge of any Bankrupt, although Two Years have elapsed from the Date of the Sequestration, and although no Appearance or Opposition Aall be made by or on the Part of any of the Creditors, if it shall appear from the Report of the Accountant in Bankruptcy or other sufficient Evidence that the Bankrupt has fraudulently concealed any Part of his Estate or Effects, or has wilfully failed to comply with any of the Provisions of "The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856/ '

IV. All Interlocutors pronounced by the Lord Ordinary or the Sheriff under the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to the Review of the said Court of Session.

V. To remove Doubts which have arisen, it is declared that the Word " Gazette n in the

Sixty-seventh Section of the said Act shall be held to mean the " Edinburgh Gazette and the Provisions contained in the said Act relative to Deeds of Arrangement shall extend to and include Settlements or Arrangements by way of Composition. 1

VI. The Fee provided to be paid to the Sheriff under Schedule I. of the said Act is hereby abolished; but no Claim shall exist in respect of any such Fee which shall have been paid prior to the passing of this Act.

VII. For attending any Meeting of Creditors or Examination a Fee of One Pound One Shilling shall be payable to the Sheriff for each such Meeting or Diet of Examination not being on the same Day.

Recited Act to VIII. " The Bankruptcy (Scotland) Act, 1856," except in so far as altered by this Act, remain in force, ghaii an(j remajn; n full Force and Effect, and shall be construed with this Act; a*d

Words interpreted in the said Act shall when used in this Act have the same Meanings as are assigned to them respectively by the said Act,

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Petitions of Right, to simplify the Proceedings, and to make Provisions for the Costs thereof [3d July 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Petitions of Right, to simplify ' the Procedure therein, to make Provision for the Recovery of Costs in such Cases,

and to assimilate the Proceedings, as nearly as may be, to the Course of Practice and Procedure now in force in Actions and Suits between Subject and Subject:1 Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Petitions of Right may be intituled in any of the Superior Courts at Westminster.

I. A Petition of Right may, if the Suppliant think fit, be intituled in any One of the Superior Courts of Common Law or Equity at Westminster in which the Subject Matter of such Petition or any material Part thereof would have been cognizable if the same had been a Matter in dispute between Subject and Subject, and if intituled in a Court of

Common

1 23» & 24° VICTORIA c. 34. 145

Common Law feliall state in the Margin the Venue for the Trial of such Petition; and such The Form, Petition shall be addressed to Her Majesty in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule to this Act annexed (No. 1.), and shall state the Christian and Surname and usual Place of Abode petition as in of the Suppliant and of his Attorney, if any, by whom the same shall be presented, and shall Schedule No. l. set forth with convenient Certainty the Facts entitling the Suppliant to Relief, and shall be signed by such Suppliant, his Counsel or Attorney.

II. The said Petition shall be left with the Secretary of State for the Home Department, Petition to be in order that the same may be submitted to Her Majesty for Her Majesty's gracious Consideration, and in order that Her Majesty, if She shall think fit, may grant Her Fiat that state for the Right be done, and no Fee or Sum of Money shall be payable by the Suppliant on so leaving Home Depart-such Petition, or upon his receiving back the same. Majesty's I1at

III. Upon Her Majesty's Fiat being obtained to such Petition, a Copy of such Petition Upon Fiat and Fiat shall be left at the Office of the Solicitor to the Treasury, with an Endorsement

thereon in the Form or to the Effect in the Schedule (No. 2.) to thus Act annexed, praying be kftat Office for a Plea or Answer on behalf of Her Majesty within Twenty-eight Days, and it shall of Solicitor of thereupon be the Duty of the said Solicitor to transmit such Petition to the particular Department to which the Subject Matter of such Petition may relate, and the same shall be j^hednle No^ prosecuted in the Court in which the same shall be intituled, or in such other Court as the Lord Chancellor may direct.

IV. The Time for answering, pleading, or demurring to such Petition, on behalf of Her Time for an-

Majesty, shall be the said Period of Twenty-eight Days after the same, with such Prayer the

of a Plea or Answer as aforesaid, shall have been left at the Office of the Solicitor to the U'0W11, Treasury, or such further Time as shall be allowed by the Court or a Judge: Provided Power to always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, on the Application of the Attorney the

General or of the Suppliant, to change the Court in which such Petition shall be prosecuted, y

or the Venue for the Trial of the same.

V. In case any such Petition of Right shall be presented for the Recovery of any Real Time for an-or Personal Property, or any Right in or to the same, which shall have been granted away 8werm| by or disposed of by or on behalf of Her Majesty or Her Predecessors, a Copy of such Petition, pa^eg^the Allowance, and Fiat shall be served upon or left at the last or usual or last known Place Petition.

of Abode of the Person in the Possession, Occupation, or Enjoyment of such Property or Right, endorsed with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule (No. 3.), requiring such Person to appear thereto within Eight Days, and to plead or answer thereto in the Court in which the same shall be prosecuted within Fourteen Days after the same shall have been so served or left as aforesaid; and it shall not be necessary to issue any Scire facias or other Process to such Person for the Purpose of requiring him to appear and plead or answer to such Petition, but he shall within the Time so limited, if it be intended by him to contest such Petition, enter an Appearance to the same in the Form set forth in Schedule (No. 4.) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, and shall plead, answer, or demur to the said Petition within the Time specified in such Notice, or such further Time as shall be allowed by the Court or a Judge.

VI. Such Petition may be answered by way of Answer, Plea, or Demurrer in a Court The Answer of Equity, or in a Court of Common Law by way of Plea or Demurrer, or by both Pleas or ?lea 10 Such and Demurrer, by or in the Name of Her Majesty's Attorney General on behalf of Her reUtion- Majesty, and by or on behalf of any other Person who may in pursuance hereof be called

upon to plead or answer thereto, in the same Manner as if such Petition in a Court of Equity were a Bill filed therein, or if the Petition be prosecuted in a Court of Common Law as if the same were a Declaration in a Personal Action, and without the Necessity for any Inquisition finding the Truth of such Petition or the Right of the Suppliant, and such and the same Matter as would be sufficient Ground of Answer or Defence in point of Law or Fact to such Petition on the Behalf of Her Majesty may be alleged on behalf of any such other Person as aforesaid called on to plead or answer thereto.

VII. So far as the same may be applicable, and except in so far as may be inconsistent Practice With this Act, the Laws and Statutes in force as to Pleading, Evidence, Hearing, and

T 2 Trial, Action and

m 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 34.

Suit between Trial, Security for Costs, Amendment, Arbitration, Special Cases, the Means of procuring

Subject shall and taking Evidence, Set-off, Appeal, and Proceedings in Error in Suits in Equity, and

extend to Pe- Personal Actions between Subject and Subject, and the Practice and Course of Procedure titions of Right of the said Courts of Law and Equity respectively for the Time being in reference to such cablT aPPh Suits and Personal Actions, shall, unless the Court in which the Petition is pijosecuted shall otherwise order, be applicable and apply and extend to such Petition of Ri£ht: Provided always, that nothing in this Statute shall be construed to give to the Sulgect any Remedy against the Crown in any Case in which he would not have been entitled to such Remedy before the passing of this Act.

Decrees or VIII. In case of a Failure on the Behalf of Her Majesty, or of any such other Person as

Judgments by aforesaid called upon to answer or plead to such Petition, to plead, answer, or demur in due e a Time, either to such Petition, or at any subsequent Stage of the Proceedings thereon, the

Suppliant shall be at liberty to apply to the Court or a Judge for an Ox*der that the Petition may be taken as confessed; and it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge, on being satisfied that there has been such Failure to plead, answer, or demur in due Time, to order that such Petition may be taken as confessed as against Her Majesty or such other Party so making default; and in case of Default on the Behalf of Her Majesty and any other such Person (if any) called upon as aforesaid to answer or plead thereto, a Decree may be made by the Court, or Leave may be given by the Court, on the Application of the Suppliant, to sign Judgment in favour of the Suppliant: Provided always, that such Decree or Judgment may afterwards be set aside by such Court or a Judge, in their or his Discretion, on such Terms as to them or him shall seem fit.

Form of Judgment or Decree.

Effect of Judg ment of Amoveas manus.

IX. Upon every such Petition of Right the Decree or Judgment of the Court, whether given upon Demurrer upon the Pleadings or upon a Default to answer or plead in Time, or after Hearing or Verdict, or in Error, shall be that the Suppliant is or is not entitled either to the whole or to some Portion of the Relief sought by his Petition, or such other Relief as the Court may think right, and such Court may give a Decree or Judgment that the Suppliant is entitled to such Relief, and upon such Terms and Conditions (if any) as such Court shall think just.

X. In all Cases in which the Judgment commonly called a Judgment of Amoveas manus has heretofore been pronounced or given upon a Petition of Right, a Judgment that the Suppliant is entitled to Relief as herein-before provided shall be of such and the same Effect as such Judgment of Amoveas manus.

Costs recoverable by the Crown and any other Person Party to the Petition.

XI. Upon any such Petition of Right the Attorney General or other Person appearing on behalf of Her Majesty, and every such other Person as aforesaid who shall appear and plead or answer to such Petition, shall be entitled respectively to recover Costs against the Suppliant in the same Manner, and subject to the same Restrictions and Discretion, and under the same Rules, Regulations, and Provisions, so far as they are applicable, as are or may be usually adopted or in force touching the Payment or Receipt of Costs in Proceedings between Subject and Subject, and for the Recovery of such Costs, such and the same Remedies and Writs of Execution as are authorized for enforcing Payment of Costs upon Judgments in Personal Actions or Decrees, Rules or Orders, shall and may be prosecuted, sued out, and executed respectively by or on behalf of Her Majesty and of such other Person as aforesaid as shall appear and plead to such Petition, and any Costs recovered on behalf of Her Majesty shall be paid into the Exchequer, and shall become Part of the Consolidated Fund, except where such Petition shall be defended on behalf of Her Majesty in Her private Capacity, in which Case such Costs shall be paid to the Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household, or such other Person as Her Majesty shall appoint to receive the same.

The Suppliant XII. Upon any such Petition of Right the Suppliant shall be entitled to Costs against to be entitled Her Majesty, and also against any other Person appearing or pleading or answering to any the Crown^nd suc^ Potion of Right, in like Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and other Parties Provisions, Restrictions, and Discretion, as far as they are applicable, as arc or may be to the Proceed- usually adopted or in force touching the Right to recover Costs in Proceedings between Subject and Subject; and for the Recovery of any such Costs from any such Person, other

than

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 34.

than Her Majesty, appearing, or pleading or answering in pursuance hereof, to any such Petition of Right, such and the same Remedies and Writs of Execution as are authorized for enforcing Payment of Costs upon Rules, Orders, Decrees, or Judgments in Personal Actions between Subject and Subject shall and may be prosecuted, sued out, and executed on behalf of such Suppliant,

XIII. Whenever, upon any such Petition of Right, a Judgment, Order, or Decree shall be given or made that the Suppliant is entitled to Relief, and there shall be no Rehearing, Appeal, or Writ of Error, or in case of an Appeal or Proceedings in Error a Judgment, Order, qr Decree shall have been affirmed, given, or made that the Suppliant is entitled to Relief, or upon any Rule or Order being made entitling the Suppliant to Costs, any One of the Judges of the Court in which such Petition shall have been prosecuted shall and may, upoq Application in behalf of the Suppliant, after the Lapse of Fourteen Days from the making, giving, or affirming of such Judgment or Decree, Rule, or Order, certify to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or to the Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household, as the Case may require, the Tenor and Purport of the same, in the Form in the Schedule (No. 5) to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect; and such Certificate may be sent to or left at the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or of the Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household, as the Case may be.

XIV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and they are hereby required to pay the Amount of any Moneys and Costs as to which a Judgment or Decree, Rule, or Order shall be given or made that the Suppliant in any such Petition of Right is entitled, and of which Judgment or Decree, Rule, or Order the Tenor and Purport Bkdl have been so certified to them as aforesaid, out of any Moneys in their Hands for the Time being legally applicable thereto, or which may be hereafter voted by Parliament for that Purpose, provided such Petition shall relate to any public Matter; and in case the same shall relate to any private Property of or enjoyed by Her Majesty, or any Contract or Engagement made by or on behalf of Her Majesty, or any Matter affecting Her Majesty in Her private Capacity, a Certificate in the Form aforesaid may be sent to or left at the Office of the Treasurer of Her Majesty's Household, or such other Person as Her Majesty shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same, and the Amount to which the Suppliant is entitled shall be paid to him out of such Funds or Moneys as Her Majesty shall be graciously pleased to direct to be applied for that Purpose.

XV. It shall be lawful for the Judges of the said Courts of Law and Equity respectively, or any Three or more of the Judges of the Court of Chancery, of whom the Lord Chancellor shall be One, and for any Eight or more of the Judges of the Courts of Common Law, of whom the Chiefs of each of the said Courts shall be Three, from Time to Time to make all such General Rules and Orders in their said respective Courts of Law and Equity, for regulating the Pleading and Practice on such Petitions of Right, and for the effectual Execution of this Act and of the Intention and Object hereof, and for fixing the Costs to be allowed for and in respect of the several Matters herein contained, and the Performance thereof, and for the Government and Conduct of the Officers of their respective Courts in and relating to the Distribution and Performance of the Duties and Business to be done or performed in execution of this Act, as such Judges may think fit, reasonable, necessary, or proper, and to frame such Writs and Forms of Proceedings as to them may seem expedient for the purposies aforesaid; and all such Rules, Orders, or Regulations shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if Parliament be then sitting, immediately upon the making of the same, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Five Days after the next Meeting thereof; and no such Rule, Order, or [Regulation shall have effect until Three Months after the same shall have been so laid before both Houses of Parliament; and any Rule, Order, or Regulation so made shall from and after such Time aforesaid be binding and obligatory on the said Courts, and on any Courts of Error or Appeal into which any Judgments or Decrees of the said Courts shall be carried by any Writ of Error or Appeal, and be of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions contained therein had been expressly enacted by Parliament: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by any Proclamation inserted in the London Gazette, or for either of the Houses of Parliament, by any

Decree or Judgment in favour of the Suppliant to be certified to the Treasury or the Treasurer of the House hold in Form of Schedule No. 5.

Satisfaction of the Judgment and Costs.

Power to Judges to make Buies and Regulations, &c.

148 23* & 24'VICTORIAE, c. 34.

any Resolution passed at any Time within Three Months next after such Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall have been laid before Parliament, to suspend the whole or any Part of such Rules, Orders, or Regulations, and in such Case the whole, or such Part thereof as shall be so suspended, shall not be binding and obligatory on the said Courts.

Interpretation XVI. In the Construction of this Act the Words " Her Majesty" shall extend to and of Terms. include Her Majesty's Successors; and the Words " Lord High Chancellor " and " Lord Chancellor " respectively shall mean and include Keeper of the Great Seal and Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal; the Word t(Court " shall be understood to mean any One of the Superior Courts of Common Law or Equity at Westminster in which any such Petition is presented; the Word "Relief" shall comprehend every Species of Relief claimed or prayed for in any such Petition of Right, whether a Restitution of any Incorporeal Right, or a Return of Lands or Chattels, or a Payment of Money or Damages, or otherwise; and the Word Judge" shall be understood to mean a Judge or Baron of any of the said Courts respectively; and wherever in this Act, in describing or referring to any Person, Party, or Thing, any Word importing the Singular Number or Masculine or Feminine Gender is used, the same shall be understood to include and be applicable to several Persons and Parties as well as One Person or Party, and to Females as well as Males, and Males as well as Females, and Bodies Corporate as well as Individuals, and several Matters and Things as well as One Matter or Thing, unless it otherwise be provided, or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction.

[Short Title.]

XVII. In citing this Act in any Instrument, Document, or Proceeding, it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Petitions of Right Act, 1860."

n^up^iant XVIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Suppliant from proceeding as

proceeding as before the passing of this Act

before.

SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

No. 1.

Petition.

In the Queen's Bench [or Common Pleas, or Exchequer of Pleas, or in Chancery].

To the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

[ Middlesex] \ The humble Petition of AB. of, by his Attorney, E.F.

to wit. J of, showeth that [state the Facts.]

Conclusion.

Your Suppliant therefore humbly prays that, $*c.

Dated the Day of A.D.

(Signed) A.B.

or CD., Counsel for A.B. or E.F., Attorney for A.B.

No. 2.

The Suppliant prays for a Plea or Answer on behalf of Her Majesty within Twenty-eight Days after the Date hereof, or otherwise that the Petition may be taken as confessed.

No.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 84, 35.

I ' t

, No. 3.

To

You are hereby required to appear to the within Petition, in Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench [Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or High Court of Chancery], within Eight Days, and to plead or answer thereto within Fourteen after the Date hereof.

Take notice, that if you fail to appear or plead or answer in due Time the said Petition may, as against you, be ordered to be taken as confessed.

Dated, Sfc.

m

No. 4.

In the Queen's Bench [or Common Pleas, or Exchequer of Pleas, or in Chancery]. Petition of Bight.

A.B.y Suppliant, ££) appears in Person.

The Queen j &F+ Attorney for C.D., appears for him.

If the Appearance be in Person, the Address of the Party appearing to be qiven. Entered the Day of 186.

No. 5.

Certificate of a Judge of the Court of the Tenor and Purport of the Judgment or Decree.

To the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury [or the Treasurer of Her Majesty's

Household].

Petition of Right of A.B. in Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench [Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or High Court of Chancery] at Westminster.

I humbly certify. That on the Day of A.D.

it was, by the said Court of Queen's Bench [Common Pleas, or Exchequer, or High Court of Chancery] adjudged [or decreed or ordered] that the above-named Suppliant was entitled to, $c.

Judge's Signature.

CAP. XXXV.

An Act further to amend an Act of the Eighteenth Year of* Her present Majesty, to amend the Law for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in Ireland.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Eighteenth

and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two, intituled An Act to is & 19 Vict.

amend an Act of the Eighteenth Year of Her Majesty, to amend the Laws for the Prevention c* c of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons and for the Suppression of illicit Distillation in

Ireland, and it is expedient further to amend the same:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In case any Person shall appeal against an Order made by the Justices at Petty A* to Appeals Sessions, or by the Divisional Justices, as the Case may be, refusing him the Certificate which is required by Law to entitle him to obtain a Renewal of a Licence to sell Beer, tice^refusing"

Cider, Licenses.

If Order of Refusal reversed, Excise Officer to renew the Licence.

Power to appoint certain. Warehousing Places.

Powers of Customs Acts conferred upon Commissioners applicable to this Act.

23? &l 24v VICTORIA; e-35, 36.

Cider* aod Spirituoua Liquors in Ireland, and it shall aippedr Ahat the Justices at Petty Sessions, 6y the Divi^oaal Justices, as the Case may be; bad omitted to cause to be entered i«{their Order Bookthe Grounds of such Refusal, or in ease the Ocder t^ Refusal abati bo in any dther respect drrofteous or informal, the Justices at Quarter Seasionsjorthe Recorder, as; the Case mays be* shall'heat and determine the Matter of such Appeal, ^Withstanding aneb Omission, Error, or Informality, i 1

TI. In case upon the Hearing of any Appeal from the Refusal of a Certificate of the Justices at Petty Sessions, or the Divisional Justices, as the Case may be, the Justices at Quarter Sessions, or the Recorder, as the Case, may be, shall reverse the said Order^ theri and in such Qasq the Justices at Quarter Sessions, or the Recorder, as the Case may be, shall declare the Appellant entitled to obtain a Renewal of his Licence, and thereupon the proper .Officer of Excise in Ireland shall grant to the Appellant a Renewal of .his Licence, without requiring any Certificate from Two or more Justices of the Peace, or from a Divisional Justice, "as the Case may be, on the Production to such Officer of Excise of a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace (for which Certificate the Clerk of the Peace may charge a Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence), certifying that the Order of Refusal had been reversed, and that the Court had declared the Appellant entitled to a Renewal of his Licence.

SCHEDULE A.

Form of Certificate.

Quarter Sessions, District of County of

A.B. Appellant. II certify, That on the Hearing of the Appeal in this Case, firem an CD. Respondent. J Order made by the Justices of the Petty Sessions District [or A.R., Divisional Justice,] on the Day of

last, refusing to grant to the Appellant a Certificate to entitle him to obtain a Renewal of a Licence to sell Beer, Cider, or Spirituous Liquors, it was ordered by the Court that the said Order of Refusal be reversed, and the said Appellant was declared entitled to obtain a Renewal of his Licence.

Dated this . Day of

Clerk of the Peace.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to authorize the Appointment and Approval of Places for the warehousing of Goods for the Security of Duties of Customs.

[23d July 1860.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and " Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

X The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, by their Warrant, appoint that the Parish of Manchester, the Boroughs of Birmingham, Leeds, and Sheffield, or any of them, and such other Places as they may see fit, shall be Warehousing Places, subject to he Provisions herein-after contained.

II. The Powers and Authorities conferred by the Customs Consolidation Act ,; 1853, upon the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Appointment of Warehousing Ports, and upon the Commissioners of Customs for the Approval of Warehouses in such Ports, shall extend to and be applicable to the said Parish and Boroughs, or any of them, and to any other Place or Places in the United Kingdom which the said Commissioners of the Treasury may consider to have a sufficient Consumption of Articles paying Customs Duties to justify

the

23° & 24° VICTORIA lc

151

i

the Expense' ef a OSstoms Eirtiablithnben ^, and may see fife to, appoint as Warehousing Pkcefl, antl toanyWarohouse lor Warehouses in tfnysuch Places or Hades Which the said Gdmindsslonerd bf i Cnstohls ihay see'fittd apprdve for the warehousing of Goods for the Security of Duties wf Customs; Wntl the said CommissioneTe of the Treasury by Warrant underrdhefr dianda, and thd said Gomnilssianerffof Customs by Order under their Hands, are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint and approve of dny such Place or Places,

Yar^house or Warehouses, accordingly; : anc}, except as herein-after mentioned and provided, the said lAct, and all other Acts now or hereafter to be made relating to the Custom ^, and ftll the Powers and Authorities^ Provisions, Privileges, Forfeitures, Securities,

Penalties* Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Matters, and Things contained therein, or made or done in pursuance thereof, with reference to Warehousing Ports and Warehouses appointed or approved under the said Act or any other Act relating to the Customs, shall, so far as the game are or can be made applicable, extend, and apply to every Warehousing Place and Warehouse which shall or may be appointed or approved under or in pursuance of this Act, and to the Proprietor or Occupier of and to the Conduct and Management of the Business of every such Warehouse, and the Security of Duties of Customs due or payable upon or in respect of all Goods deposited therein.

III. No Warehouse shall be appointed or approved under this Act, except for the general Accommodation of any Merchants, Traders, or others having Occasion to deposit Goods therein for the Security of Duties of Customs; nor shall any Warehouse be approved under this Act unless it be of such Dimensions as the Commissioners of Customs consider sufficient, having regard to the Wants of the Town wherein it is situated.

IV. When the Site of the Custom House in any Place appointed under this Act shall have been fixed or determined on by the Commissioners of Customs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to refuse their Approval of any Warehouse above One thousand Yards from^uch Site.

V*. The Words " Extra Rates/' in the Proviso to the Fifteenth Section of "The Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860," shall be construed to mean the additional Rates of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds of Customs Duty on Tobacco, and of Five Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of Customs Duty on Sugar and other Goods, which by the said Section are made payable upon the said Articles when they shall have been removed under Bond; and the Single Rates of Two Shillings and Sixpence and Five Shillings respectively imposed by the said Section shall be payable in respect of Goods delivered from Warehouses which possessed the Privilege of Bonding at the passing of the said Act, whether such Goods shall have been removed or not

VI. In lieu of the Sums now payable by the Council of the City of Manchester to the Rates herein said Commissioners in respect of the Expenses incident to the Management and Collection nwned to be of the Customs Duties, under the several Acts now in force relating thereto, there shall - 1 be charged upon Goods deposited in any Warehouse at Manchester approved under the said last-mentioned Acts, on the Delivery thereof for Home Consumption, the same Rates as are made payable by " The Customs Tariff Act, 1860/' and this Act, on the Delivery for Homo Consumption of the like Kinds of Goods from any Warehouse approved under this Act.

VII. The Rates made payable under the s^id Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860, Rate*deemed and this Act, shall be deemed to be Duties of Customs payable in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may be sued for, enforced, recovered, and applied accordingly.

VIII. yins Act shall come into operation on the Day of the passing thereof; and in Commencement

citing it in other Acts of Parliament and legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the l Short Title Expression w Customs Inland Bonding Act, 1860." 0 ct

Warehouse* to be for public Accommodation and to be of approved Dimension*.

Warehouse to be within 1,000 Yard* of Custom House.

Interpretation of " Extra Bates."

paid in lien of existing Charge*.

23 & 24 VICT.

U

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 37.

m

43 G. 3. c. 80. 59 G. 3. c. 135.

4 G. 4. c. 56.

5 G. 4. c. 38. 3 & 4 W.4. c. 33.

11 & 12 Vict. C. 40.

Assessment to be leried for the Purposes of this Act

Assessment to extend over a Period not exceeding Thirty Years.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to levy an Assessment in the County of Inverness to discharge a Debt on the Castle Stewart and Nairn Road in the said County.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS the following Acts were passed for the Purpose of making and keeping in f repair certain Roads and Bridges in Scotland; that is to say, the Acts of the Forty- third of George the Third, Chapter Eighty, of the Fifty-ninth of George the Third,

Chapter One hundred and thirty-five, of the Fourth of George the Fourth, Chapter

Fifty-six, of the Fifth of George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-eight, of the Third and ' Fourth of William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-three, and of the Eleventh and Twelfth ' of Victoria, Chapter Forty: And whereas by the said Act of the Third and Fourth of c William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-three, after reciting that it was expedient that Power ' should be granted to the Commissioners for Highland lToads and Bridges to fix and settle ' Plans for the Alteration and Improvement (amongst others) of the Line of Road from a f Point near Castle Stewart to the Western Extremity of the Nairnshire Turnpike Coast

Road, passing through the Parishes of Inverness, Petty, and Ardersier, in the County of

Inverness, it was enacted that as soon as sufficient Funds for defraying the Expense of ' making any such altered or new Line of Road should be provided to the Satisfaction ' of the said Commissioners in any of the Ways specified in the said Act, the said Commissioners should be authorized and required to fix the precise Line or Direction of c any such Road; and from and after the Time when any such Alteration and Improvement should be completed the said Commissioners should be authorized and empowered ' to direct Tolls to be levied on such Road, and that such Road when so altered and

improved should be maintained in repair by the said Commissioners: And whereas, ' the said Castle Stewart and Nairn Road was made by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of the last-recited Act, and the Funds necessary for its Formation were i raised by borrowing Money on the Credit of the Tolls leviable on the said Road,

and a Portion of the Debt so contracted, amounting to Two thousand seven hundred (Pounds, still remains undischarged: And whereas, from the Formation of Railways and

other Causes, the Traffic on the said Road has much diminished, and the Revenue derived ' from the Tolls thereon is not more than sufficient to defray the Expense of maintaining

the said Road in repair, and affords no Surplus by means of which the Debt may be paid ' off, and it is therefore expedient that Provision should be made for the Payment of the

Debt Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Commissioners of Supply of the County of Inverness shall annually impose and levy an Assessment, for the Purpose of discharging the said Debt of Two thousand seven hundred Pounds, upon and from all Lands and Heritages within the County of Inverness, according to the yearly Rent or Value thereof, as established by the Valuation Rolls made up under the Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acts, Seventeenth and Eighteenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-one, and Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Fifty-eight, or any other Act relating to the Valuation of Lands in Scotland, which may be in force for the Time being, and that at such Rate in every Year as shall be necessary in order to provide sufficient Funds for the Purposes of this Act, including such Sum as may be requisite to cover the Expenses of Assessment and Collection, and any Arrears of preceding Years; and such Assessments shall be imposed, levied, and recovered in the Manner provided by the recited Acts, or any of them, and under the Provisions thereof, which are hereby incorporated with this Act, and made applicable to the Assessments to be levied under this Act.

II. The said Commissioners of Supply shall impose and levy the said Assessment in such Manner and to such Amount as shall be sufficient to raise the Funds necessary for the Purposes of this Act, within a Time to be limited by the said Commissioners of Supply, not exceeding Thirty Years from the passing of this Act.

III. The

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 37, 38. *53

III. The Clauses of "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to the Clauses of Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, with the Exception of Section Eighty-four, 10 & 11 Vict-are hereby incorporated with this Act; and the Word " Commissioners " in the /sai4 Mortgages in-Clauses shall mean the Commissioners of Supply of the County of Inverness; and the corporated. Expression " the Special Act " in the said Clauses shall mean this Act.

IV. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Supply to borrow on Bond or Power to bor-Mortgage for the Purposes of this Act any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two ro* on6011(1 thousand seven hundred Pounds, and to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations of the or ° gage* Assessments to be levied under the Provisions of this Act in security fo? the Payment of the Money so borrowed, and Interest thereon; and if after having borrowed the said Sum or any Part thereof, the said Commissioners of Supply shall pay off the same, it shall be lawful for them again to borrow the Amount so paid off by granting new Mortgages and Assignations in Security therefor or otherwise, and so from Time to Time as they shall think proper.

V. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Supply, in the Exercise of the said Power to bor-

boirowing Powers, to take from any Bank or Banking Company, Credit on a Cash Account, Cash

to be opened and kept with such Bank or Banking Company in the Name of the said Commissioners of Supply, or their Clerk or Treasurer, according to the Usage of Bankers

in Scotland, to the Extent of the Sum which the said Commissioners of Supply are hereby authorized to borrow, or any Part thereof, and to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations of the Assessments to be levied under the Provisions of this Act in Security for the Payment of the Amount of such Credit, or of the Sums advanced from Time to Time on such Chsk Account, with the Interest thereon.

VI. The said Commissioners of Supply in borrowing Money as aforesaid shall make Money bor-Provision that the Principal Money to be so borrowed, and all Interest for the same, shall be fully paid and discharged within a Time to be limited by the said Commissioners, not Thirty Years, exceeding Thirty Years from the passing of this Act.

VII. No Person lending Money to the said Commissioners of Supply, and taking a For Protection Mortgage or Assignation in Security for securing Repayment of the same, and purporting ?f ?r80?f to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall be bound to require Proof that the ^th^Secari^ Provisions of this Act have been duly complied with; and it shall not be competent to any of Awssmeat Ratepayer or other Person to question the Validity of any such Mortgage or Assignation in Security, on the Ground that such Provisions have not been complied with.

Vni. This Act shall not apply to the Insular Portions of the County of Inverness, Act not to ap-except the Isle of Skye. certain

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to further amend the Law of Property.

[23d July 1860.]

13 E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Whereas it is desirable to plaoe Freehold, Copyhold, and Customary Estates on the Writs of Exe-c same Footing with Leasehold Estates, in respect of Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances f as against Purchasers and Mortgagees, and also to enable Purchasers and Mortgagees of registered.

Estates, whether Freehold, Copyhold, or Customary or Leasehold, to ascertain when c Execution has issued on any Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance, and to protect them against Delay in the Execution of the Writ Be it therefore enacted, That no Judgment,

Statute, or Recognizance to be entered up after the passing of this Act shall affect any Land

U 2 (of

154

*! ' "J't -

* (, V4 . V

& 24° Victoria, 'cM.

(of! whatever Tenure) as tb a bona fide Purchaser for valuable Consideration, ora Mortgagee, (whether1 strch Purchaser or Mortgagee have Notice or not of any such Judgment, Statute^ er Recdgnii^!^) imlese a Writ or other due Process of Execution of such Judgment, Statute, er: Recognizance Shall have been issued and registered a6 hereinafter is mentioned bbfore the Execution* of the Conveyance or Mortgage to him, and the{Payment of the Purchase jor Mortage Money by himz Provided always, that no Judgment, Statute, to# Recbgnizahce to be entered up after the passing of this Act, nor any Writ of Execution or Othet PrOceUs thereon, shall affect any Land of whatever Tenure as to a bona fide Purchase* ot* Mortgagee, although Execution or other Process shall have issued thereon, and have been duly registered, unless duch Execution or other Process shall be executed and put in force withfa Three Calendar Months from the Time when it was registered.

Mx>de of regia- JLThe Registry herein-before required of any Writ of Execution, or other due Process,

on any Judgment, Statute; or Recognizance, in order to bind a Purchaser or Mortgagee, shall be made by a Memorandum or Minute referring to the Judgment, Statute, or Recognizance already registered, so as to connect the Registry of the Writ of Execution or other Process therewith; such Memorandum or Minute to be left with the Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, who shall forthwith enter the Particulars in a Book, ip ^Uphabetieai Order by the Nqmc of the Person in whose Behalf the Judgment, Statute,

or Recognizance upon which thp Writ of Execution or other Process issued was registered, h and also the Year and the Day of the Month when every such Memorandum pr Minute is left with him, and such Officer shall be entitled for any such Registry to the Sum of Five Shillings $ and all Persons shall be at liberty to search the same Book, in addition to all the \ otfher Books in the same Office, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling only: And all the Provisions in1 this Act in regard to Writs of Execution or other Process and the Registry thereof, 6r otherwise relating thereto, shall extend, mutatis mutandis, to Writs of Execution or Other due Process issuing on Judgments of the several Courts of Common Plehs of the County Palatine of LancasterJ and of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham: But none of these Provisions are to extend to Ireland.

Provifkro for Protection of Heire and Executors against unregistered Judgments.

III. And whereas by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer in Westminster, it was enacted, that no Judgment not docketed and entered in Books in the Manner thereby provided should affect any Lands or Tenements as to Purchasers or Mortgagees, or have any

Preference against Heirs, Executors, or Administrators in their Administration of their

Ancestors, Testators, or Intestates Estates: And whereas by several later Acts Judgments are required to be registered with more Particulars than were required by the said recited Act; and it is thereby enacted that Judgments not so registered shall not affect any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as to Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Creditors unless and until the same shall be registered in manner thereby required; and in obedience to a 4 Direction in One of the same Acts contained the Dockets existing under the said first recited Act have been finally closed: And whereas the said several later Acts do not expressly enact that Judgments not docketed as thereby required shall not have any Preference against Heirs, Executors, or Administrators in their Administration of their Ancestors^ Testator ^, pr Intestates Estates, in consequence whereof such Heirs, Executors, 4 or Administrators UaveLeen held to have lost the Protection which they enjoyed under the said first-recited Act, and it is expedient that the same should be restored:* Be it therefore declared and enacted, That no Judgment which has not already been or which shall not hereafter be entered or docketed under the several Acts noiv in force, and which passed subsequently to the said Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William and Qrieen Mary, *o as to bind Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments as against Purchasers, Mortgagees, or Creditors, shall have any Preference against Hen's, Executors, or Administrators in their Administration of their Ancestors, Testators, or Intestates Estates.

Jl>^THeiw IV. ^which since the passing of an Act of the First and Second Years of Her and ExecutOTs Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil

Actions

of Mebtor$(for tke. JfoUtf df ltksolventyft^ ift Eugleud>:(temg tered-

one-of the Apts hereinbefore referred, to,) have been registered i^nd^r the.P^ovi^ien^th^A CQntarDjed^oriGpntmueU in the later Act of th^e: Second and TUh'd Years tof Queen Vietfricfc Chapter Eleven ns -explained and ametidedi biy the Act ef: the Sassioa thei Bigh^e^th add Nineteenth Years of. Queen Victoria, Q\\a\>\#r Fifteen,) (being, Two [Other) of. the, Acta fcerwanhefere referred toy)or which shall hereafter be sp registered, fchall have >jwiy Preference against Hdrt, Executors* or Administrators in, their Administration of their Executory Teatdtorsj or Intestates Estates, unless at the Death of- the Testates or Intestate Five Years shall not have elapsed from the Date of the Entry thereof on the Docket or from the only! or last Benregistry thereof as the Case may be, which Re-tregistry from Time to Time is hereby authorized to be made in manner directed by the said Act of the Seqond Odd Third of Queen Victoria, as explained and amended by the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth -of Queen Victoria; but it shall be deemed sufficient to secure such Prqferepce -:vn -

d* aforesaid, if such a Memorandum as was required in the first instance is again deft with the Senior Master of the Common Pleas within Five Years before the Death of the Testator or Intestate, although more than Five Years shall have expired by Effluxion of Time since the last previous Registration, before such last-mentioned Memorandum or Minute was left; and; so ioties quatics upon every Re-registry.

V. In the Construction of the previous Provisions the Term Judgmen t shall be taken t6 Extent of the include registered Decrees, Orders of Courts of Equity and Bankruptcy, and other Orders WorfwJudg-having the Operation of a Judgment/ 1 (\, (' ' 1, men

VJ# Where any actual Waiver of the Benefit of any Covenant or Conditio* in any Lease Restriction on the Part of any Lessor, or his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assignp, shall be of

prayed to Jmve taken place after the passing of this Act in any oite particular Instance, such aiveP *

actual Waiver shall not be assumed or deemed to extend to any Instance or any Breach of Covenant or Condition other than that to which such Waiver shall specially relate, nor to be a general Waiver of the Benefit of any such Covenant or Condition, unless an(Intention to that Effect shall appear.

VII. Where by any Instrument any Hereditaments have been or shall be ^imitefl, to Provision for Uses, all Uses thereunder, whether expressed Or implied by Law, and whether immediate Owes 6f fbture or future, or contingent or executory, or to be declared under any Power therein contained, uses?0*1118*11 *

shall take effect when and as they arise by force of and by relation to the Estate and Seisin originally vested in the Person seised to the Uses, and the Continued Existence in him or elsewhere of any Seisin to Uses or Scintilla juris shall not be deemed necessary for the Support of or to give effect to future or contingent or executory Uses, nor shall ariy stich Seisin to Uses or Scintilla juris be deemed to be suspended, or to remain Or to subsist in him or elsewhere.

VIII# The Section Twenty-four in thci Act of the Session c(f the Twenty-secondhand Sect 24. of Twenty^third of Queen Victoria> Chapter Thirty-fiye, shall be read and construed as if the 22 & 23 vi<*\ Words " or Mortgagee" had followed the Word " Purchaser" in every Place where the latter MortMeea. Word is introduced in the said Section.

IX. Where any Trustee, Executor, or Administrator shall apply for the Opinion, Advice, Formofapply-oi* Direction of a Judge of the Court of Chancery under the Thirtieth Section of the ^Lct in8for Advice of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, the und^Iwtion Petition 6r Statement shall be signed by Counsel, and the Judge by whom it is to be 30. of 22 & 23 answered may require the Petitioner or Applicant to attend him by Counsel either in Vict c. 35. Chambers or m Court where he deems it necessary to have the Assistance of Counsel.

X- It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for Power to Lord the Custody of the Great Seal of England, with the Advice and Assistance of the Master of Chancellors, the Rolls, the Lords Justices of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, and the Vice-Chancellors of the said Court, or any Three of them, and for the Lord Chancellor of Ireland* With the make General Advice and Assistance of the Lords Justices of Appeal and the Master of the Rolls in Orders as to Inland* to make such General Orders from Time to Time as to the Investment of Cash

under

vl'06

Cash under the Control of the j Court

Trustees, &c. to invest Trust Funds in the Stacks, &c. in which Cash under the Control of the Court may be invested.

Clause 32. of 22 & 23 Vict c. 35. to act retrospectively. Extension of Sect 40. of 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 27. a 40. to Cases of Claims to Estates of Intestates.

Order to take Account of Debts, &c. of deceased Person under Sect 19. of 13 & 14 Vict c. 35. may be made immediately after Probate granted.

23° & 24° VICTORIA *, c; 38.

tiftdfer the Control of the Court, either Srt the Three per Cent. Consolidated or Reduced 6r New Bank Annuities, or in such other Stocks, Funds, or Securities as he or they shall, SVith fetich Advice Or Assistance, see fit; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners in England, and for the Lord Chancellor in Ireland, 1 to make Such Orders as he or they shall deem proper for the Conversion of any Three per Cent. Bank Annuities now standing or which may hereafter stand in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in trust in any Cause or Matter, into any such other Stocks, Funds, or Securities upon which, by any such General Order as aforesaid, Cash under the Control of the Court may be invested; all Orders for siifch Conversion of Bank Annuities into other Funds or Securities to be made upon Petition to be presented by any of the Parties interested in a summary way, and such Parties shall be served with Notice thereof as the Court shall direct.

XL When any such General Order as aforesaid shall have been made it shall be lawful for Trustees, Executors, or Administrators having Power to invest their Trust Funds upon Government Securities, or upon Parliamentary Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or any of them, to invest such Trust Funds, or any Part thereof, in any of the Stocks, Funds, or Securities in or upon which by such General Order Cash under the Control of the Court may from Time to Time be invested.

XII. Clause Thirty-two of the said Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third of Queen Victoria, Chapter Thirty-five, shall operate retrospectively.

XIII. Whereas by the Act of Parliament of the Third and Fourth of William the

Fourth, Chapter Twenty-seven, Section Forty, it was enacted that after the Thirt^rfirst ' Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three no Action or Suit or other

Proceeding should be brought to recover any Sum of Money secured by any Mortgage,

Judgment or Lien, or otherwise, charged upon or payable out of any Land or Rent, at Law or in Equity, or any Legacy, but within Twenty Years next after a present Right to

receive the same should have accrued to some Person capable of giving a Discharge fo* or

Release of the same, unless such Acknowledgment in Writing or Payment of Principal or ' Interest as therein mentioned should have been given or made, and then within Twenty (Years next after such Payment or Acknowledgment, or the last of such Payments or Acknowledgments: And whereas it is expedient that the said Enactment should be extended ' to the Case of Claims to the Estates of Persons dying intestate Be it therefore enacted, That after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty no Suit or other Proceeding shall be brought to recover the Personal Estate, or any Share of the Personal Estate, of any Person dying intestate, possessed by the legal personal Representative of such Intestate, but within Twenty Years next after a present Right to receive the same shall have accrued to some Person capable of giving a Discharge for or Release of the same, unless in the meantime some Part of such Estate or Share, or some Interest in respect thereof, shall have been accounted for or paid, or some Acknowledgment of the Right thereto shall have been given in Writing, signed by the Person accountable for the same, or his Agent, to the Person entitled thereto, or his Agent; and in such Case no such Action or Suit shall be brought, but within Twenty Years after such Accounting, Payment, or Acknowledgment, or the last of such Accountings, Payments, or Acknowledgments, if more than One was made or given.

XIV. The Order to take an Account of the Debts and Liabilities affecting the Personal Estate of a deceased Person, pursuant to the Nineteenth Section of the Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Victoria, Chapter Thirty-five, may be made immediately, or at any Time after Probate or Letters of Administration shall have been granted; and such Order may be made either by the Court of Chancery upon Motion or Petition of course, or by a Judge of the said Court, sitting at Chambers, upon a Summons in the Form used for originating Proceedings at Chambers; and after any such Order shall have been made, the said Court or Judge may, on the Application of the Executors or Administrators, by Motion or Summons, restrain or suspend, until the Account directed by such Order shall have been taken, any Proceedings at Law against such Executors or Administrators by any Person having, or claiming to have, any Demand upon the Estate of the deceased, by reason

23° .& 24? VICTORI ^, c, 38, _39 .; JQ7

of any Debt or Liability due from the Estate of the deceased, upon such Notice and Terms - ->

and Conditions (if any) as to the said Court or Judge shall seem just; and the Judge, in ' taking an Account of Debts and Liabilities pursuant to any such Order, shall, on the '

Application of the Executors or Administrators; be at liberty to direct that the Particulars only of any Claim or Claims which may be brought in pursuance to any such Order shall be certified by his Chief Clerk, without any Adjudication thereon; and any Notices far Creditors to come in which may be published in pursuance of any such Order shall have the same J$oroe and Effect as if such Notices bad been given by the Executors or Administrators in pursuance of the Twenty-ninth Section of the Act of the T\venty*second and Twenty-third Years of Victoria, Chapter Thirty-five. i

XV. This Act is not to extend to Scotland, nor are any of the Clauses, except Clause Six Act not *° and the subsequent Clauses, to extend to Ireland.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the Construction of a new Harbour, and the Improvement of the existing Harbour, at Anstruther Easter in the County of Fife.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS it would be of great Advantage to the Public if a safe and convenient

4 Harbour were constructed at Anstruther Easter in the County of Fife, for the

Accommodation of Fishing Boats and Vessels resorting thereto: And whereas the 1 Magistrates and Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter are willing to transfer to

the Commissioners to be appointed by this Act all their Right and Title to the existing Harbour; and it is expedient that the said Harbour should be deepened and improved,

and a new Harbour, with additional Piers and Quays, constructed in connexion therewith,

and that Funds should be provided for the Execution of the said Works in the Manner ' after mentioned Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Anstruther Union Harbour Act, 1860/ '

II. The following Words and Expressions shall in reference to this Act have the several interpretation

Meanings hereby assigned to them; that is to say, of Terms.

The Word " Commissioners" in "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," and this Act, shall mean the Commissioners appointed and incorporated by this Act:

The Word " Harbour" in " The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847," and this Act, shall mean the Anstruther Union Harbour within the Limits herein-aftefc defined, and shall include the existing Harbour of Anstruther Easter and the new Harbour to be constructed under the Authority of this Act.

III. "The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," "The Commissioners 8 & 9 Vict. Clauses Act, 1847," with the Exception of Section Eighty-four, and " The Harbours, c. 19. and Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847," with the Exception of Sections Sixteen to Nineteen, and^ both inclusive, and Sections Twenty-five and Twenty-six, are hereby incorporated with this incorporated. Act, and shall apply to the existing Harbour of Anstruther Easter, and to the new Harbour

to be constructed under the Authority of this Act, and the Works, Lands, and Property connected therewith respectively, and to the whole Undertaking of the Commissioners:

Provided that Sections Sixteen and Seventeen of the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act may come into force at any Time after Five Years from the passing of this Act, on Six Months Notice to that Effect being given to the Commissioners by Writing tmdef the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty.

IV. The

158

Appointment of Commissioners.

Incorporation of Commissioners.

Chairman and

Returning Officer.

Election of Commissioners.

Notice to be given to Persons elected.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 39.

IV. The Provost of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter for the Time being, the Chief Manager of the Burgh of Kilrenny for the Time being, the Chief Manager of the Burgh of Anstruther Wester for the Time being, and Five Persons resident within the Parliamentary Limits of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, Three Persons resident within the Parliamentary Limits of the Burgh of Kilrenny, and One Person resident within the Parliamentary Limits of the Burgh of Anstruther Wester, qualified and to be elected as herein provided, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing and carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the surviving and acting Manager who is first named in the Decree or Order of the Court of Session in Scotland appointing the Managers for the Time being of each of the said Burghs of Kilrenny and Anstruther Wester shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be held to be the Chief Manager of each of the said Burghs respectively: Provided also, that in the event of the Power to elect Magistrates and Councillors being at any Time hereafter restored to the said Burghs of Kilrenny and Anstruther Wester, the Provosts or Chief Magistrates of the said Burghs shall ex officiis be Commissioners under this Act in lieu of the Chief Managers of the said Burghs.

V. The Commissioners appointed by this Act, and their Successors in Office, are hereby united and incorporated as a Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of "The Commissioners of Anstruther Union Harbour," with perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and may by that Name sue and be sued, take and hold Lands, and exercise all other Privileges of a Body Corporate.

VI. The Provost of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter for the Time being shall ex officio be Chairman of the Commissioners, and shall be the Returning Officer at all Elections under this Act

VII. On the Fourth Tuesday of September after the passing of this Act the Persons qualified for the Time being to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament for the Burghs of Anstruther Easter, Kilrenny, and Anstruther Wester, or the District of Burghs in which the same are included, and who are duly registered in the Roll of Voters of the said Burghs respectively, by the Act Second and Third William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-five, or by any other Act in force for the Time being, appointed to be made up and kept for or with respect to the Election of a Member of Parliament, shall meet in the Town House of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, or other convenient Place, at Nine o'Clook in the Forenoon, of which Meeting, and the Time and Place for holding the same, Intimation shall be given by Advertisement signed by the Provost or acting Chief Magistrate of the said Burgh, printed Copies of which shall be affixed on the Doors of the Town Houses, and on other public Places in the said Burghs, at least Eight Days previous to the Day appointed for holding such Meeting, and then and there shall proceed to elect, by the Majority of the Votes of the Electors present at such Meeting, Five Persons for the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, qualified to vote in the Election of a Member of Parliament as aforesaid, and resident within the Parliamentary Limits of that Burgh, Three Persons for the Burgh of Kilrenny qualified as aforesaid, and resident within the Parliamentary Limits of that Burgh, and One Person for the Burgh of Anstruther Wester qualified as aforesaid, and resident within the Parliamentary Limits of that Burgh, to be Commissioners for executing the Purposes of this Act; and all Votes at Elections of Commissioners shall be given personally, and each Elector shall be entitled to give only One Vote for each Commissioner to be elected.

VIII. The Returning Officer shall, within Twenty-four Hours after any Meeting for the Election of Commissioners, give or cause to be given Notice in Writing to the several Persons elected of their Election as Commissioners for the said Burghs respectively, and call upon them severally to declare within Four Days after such Notice whether they accept or decline to accept the Office of Commissioner; and if any Person so elected shall not intimate his Acceptance of the said Office within Four Days after the Date of such Notice, he shall be held as having declined to accept, and the Returning Officer shall immediately appoint a new Election of a Commissioner or Commissioners in Place of the Person or Persons declining or not intimating Acceptance at the Distance of not more than Four nor less than Two Days, and shall give Notice of the Time and Place appointed for

23" & 24ofVtC'rdlU^; 6.39. 159

, ' _ f (i, t r ' (, *' ' > K- iT-«r. :<v,

Advertisement, signed by the Returning Oficcir, pratedfCqpjie ^, of i-w - . v

aforesaid; and such Election shall be proceeded witl^ pithe. Manpqr as is herein-b^for^ presided with respect to the First Election of.Cojwissfpneps* y^tjl thq Number of Commissioners appointed to be elected in> and for W© ^aiq Jiurgps xiespoQtiY^ly shf^be cqmpletei t, j ' . », /-.n r t, w, .t'^i [ji 'i.

IX. On the Third Tuesday ot November One thcatefcnd eight htindf^d' nnd1'siity^oh^ Commissioners and on the Third Tuesday of November in every succeeding Year (exfeept da after hientinned) jpTetire the elected Commissioners shall retire frofti Office in the following Rotation: 1 tion^e y

Two ChiBinissioners from the Burgh 6f Anstruther Easter shall annually' retire from Office:

One Commissioner for the Btirgli of Kiirenny shall annually retire from Office:

The Commissioner for the Burgh of Anstruther Wester shall retire from Office every Third Year:

In the Burghs of Anstruther Easier and Kibenny, the Commissioners or Commissioner respectively who had the smallest Number of Votes at the First Election shall retire on the Third Tuesday of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and in succeeding Years the Commissioners or Commissioner respectively who have or has been longest ih Office shall retire:

In the event of any Question arising as to who shall be the retiring Commissioners or Commissioner in either of the said Burghs, such Question shall be determined in the Manner prescribed by the said Commissioners Clauses Act:

The Commissioner first elected for the Burgh of Anstruther Wester shall retire on the Third Tuesday of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

such Election by shall be affixed as

X. A Meeting for the Election of Commissioners to succeed the Commissioners retiring Annual Elec- from Office by Rotation shall be held in the Town House of Anstruther Easter on the ^Mioner^" Third Tuesday of November in every Year, and a Commissioner or Commissioners for the respective Burghs, qualified as aforesaid and resident within the Parliamentary Limits of the said Burghs respectively, shall be elected by the Majority of the Votes of the Electors qualified to vote as aforesaid in the Room of the Commissioner or Commissioners so retiring from Office; and every such Election shall he proceeded with in the same Manner as is herein-before provided with respect to the First Election of Commissioners; and Notice of every such Meeting shall be given by the Returning Officer, as herein-before provided, at least Eight Days previous to the Day appointed for holding such Meeting.

XI. The Commissioners shall hold their First General Meeting in the Town House of Times and Anstruther Easter on the Second Tuesday of October after the passing of this Act, or as ?laceo£^ soon thereafter as conveniently may be, and shall proceed to put this Act into execution; missioners. and the Commissioners shall hold an Annual General Meeting in the said Town House on the Fourth Tuesday of September in every Year thereafter, and shall also hold monthly Meetings for the Transaction of General Business at the said Town House on the Second Tuesday of every Month, or at such other convenient Time and Place as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint; and at all Meetings of the Commissioners the Chairman, if present, shall preside; and if at any Meeting of the Commissioners the Chairman is not present, One of the Commissioners present shall be elected Chairman of such Meeting by the Majority of the Votes of the Commissioners present at such Meeting.

XII. From and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty, all the Rights and Privileges of the Magistrates and Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter in and to the existing Harbour of Anstruther Easter, and in and to the Quays, Piers, and Works connected therewith, and the Lands, Buildings, and Property described in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, and the Right to levy Rates and Dues at the said Harbour, and all Right, Title, Interest, Powers, and Privileges of the Magistrates and Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter, or of the Burgesses and Community thereof, in and with respect to the said Harbour, Quays, Piers, Works, Lands, Buildings, and Property, shall be and are hereby (subject to the annual Payment herein-after provided for) transferred from the said Magistrates and Council and the said Burgh to and vested in the Commissioners 23 & 24 Vict. X appointed

After 11th November 1860 the existing Harbour of Anstruther Easter, &c. to be transferred» to the Commissioners.

1«0

Annual Payment by Commissioners to| Magistrates and Council of Au-struther Easter for Municipal "Purposes.

Power to borrow Money on Security of Rates, &c.

Power to Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend Money to Com-sionere under this Act.

Power to Commissioners for *he British White Herring Fishery to grant and also len I Money t) Commissioners under this Act.

23° &. VICTORI9-

appointed by/this Act., and shall thereafter bo held, needy and enjoyed by the CorntnissfC^ers for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions of this Act, , I

XIII. Tile Commissioners shall, out'of the Hates, Duties, ntid Rdvenirts levied find :received by them under the Authority of this Act, pay annually to the Magistrates and Council of the Burgh of Anstruther Easter thp Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be applied fort the Municipal Purposes of the said Burgh; which Annual Sum shall and is hereby declared to be a Burden on the said Hates, Duties, and Revenues preferable to any Security; to be granted by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act; and such Payments shall be made On the Eleventh Day of November in every Year, with Interest from the Date of Payment till paid, beginning the First Payment on the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight, hundred and sixty-one, for the Year preceding; and the Receipt of the Treasurer of the said Burgh for the Time being shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Cotfi-missioners for every such Payment.

XIV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to borrow any Sums of Money hot exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-three thousand Pounds, and to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations in Security of the said existing Harbour of Anstruther Easter wad the said new Harbour and the Works, Lands, and Property vested or acquired or to be acquired or, constructed under the j Provisions of this Act, and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues to be levied and received by the Commissioners under the Authority thereof, in Security for the Payment of the Money so borrowed, and of the Interest thereon; and if, after having borrowed the said Sums or any Part thereof, the Commissioners pay off the same otherwise Sian by means of tho Sinking Fund herein-after provided for, it shall be lawful for them again to borrow the Amount so paid off, and so from Time to Time; and the Mortgages and Assignations to be made and granted by the Commissioners may b<?.in Writing or printed, or partly in Writii^j and partly printed, and shall be sealed with the Common Seal of the Commissioners, and subscribed by at least Two Commissioners, at and in Presence of a Meeting of the Commissioners.

XV. It shall be lawful for the Public Works Loan Commissioners, if they in their

Discretion shall think fit, to advance and lend to the Commissioners appointed by this Act the Sum of Sixteen thousand five hundred Pounds, and in Security for the Payment thereof and of the Interest thereon to accept and take from the Commissioners appointed by this Act Mortgages and Assignations in Security of the said existing and new Harbours, and the Works, Lands, and Property vested or acquired or to be acquired or constructed under the Provisions of this Act, and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues to be levied and received by the Commissioners under the Authority thereof, to and in favour of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Public Works Loan Commissioners, or otherwise as they shall direct, on such Terms and Conditions, and with such Provisions for the Repayment of the Principal Sum, and the Interest thereon, as have been or may be agreed upon by and between t|he said Public Works Loan Commissioners, with the Sanction and Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the Commissioners appointed by this Act; dntithe Mortgages and Assignations in Security to be granted to the said Public Works L6an Commissioners or their Secretary for the Time being shall have Priority and Preference on the said Harbours, Works, Lands, and Property, and Rates, Duties, and Revenues, over any other Mortgage and Assignation in Security to be granted by the Commissioners appointed by this Act: Provided that any Sums to be advanced and lent by the said Public Wq^ks Loan Commissioners shall, subject to the Sanction and Approval of the Commissioner* of Her Majesty's Treasury, be paid over to the Commissioners for. the British White Herring Fishery, to be held and applied by them for the Purposes of this Act, as herein provided. .n:

XVI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, from Time to Time as they may think fit, to grant and appropriate, out of any ponies voted- to them by Parliament, the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds towards defraying, the Expense of acquiring the Lands and constructing the new Harbour and other Works.by this Act authorized to be acquired and constructed; and, in addition to the said Suof of Twelve thousand Pounds, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time

y as

* 28° &. 24" VICTORIAE, c. 39. <l«d

66 they may think fit, out of any Monies voted to them by Parliament* tq advance and lend to the Commissioners appointed by this Act any Sum not exceeding Six thousand five hundred Pounds, and in Security , for the Payment, thereof and of the Interest thereon to i accept and take from the Commissioners appointed by this Act Mortgages and Assignations in Security of the said existing and new Harbour and the Works, Lands, and Property vested or acquired or to lqe acquired or constructed under the Provisions of this Act, and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues to be levied and received by the Commissioners under the 'Authority thereof, tq and in favour of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, or otherwise as they shall direct; and such Grant, and Loan shall be made upon such Terms and Conditions and under such Regulations, and shall be paid and applied in such Manner and at such Periods, as shall he fixed add agreed upon by the said Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, with the Sanction and Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury: Provided always, that the Mortgages and Assignations in Security for the said Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall be postponed to the Mortgages and Assignations in Security to be granted to the said Public Works Loan Commissioners, but shall be preferable to any other Mortgage and Assignation in Security to be granted by the Commissioners appointed by this Act; and no Interest shall be payable or be accumulated on the said Sum of Six thousand five hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, until the Debt to the said Public Works Loan Commissioners shall be paid off and discharged, and thereafter Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum shall be payable to, the saicV Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery on the said Sum or such Part thereof as m, ay be lent and may remain unpaid: Provided also, that no Part of such Sums shall be granted by the said Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery until a jSuqi not less than One Fourth Part of the Sums so granted has been advanced and paid by the Commissioners, or by the said Public Works Loan Commissioners, to the said Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery.

}. XYH. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by this Act to accept and take Power to bor-ifom any Bank or Banking Company Credit on a Cash Account to be opened and kept with lvpuch Bank or Banking Company in the Name of the Commissioners, according to the Usage

Bankers in Scotland, to the Extent of the Sum which the Commissioners are authorized jtp.bmrow as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and, if required, to make and grant Mortgages (and Assignations in Security of the said existing and new Harbours, and the Works, Lands, aqd Property vested or acquired or to be acquired or constructed under the Provisions of this Act, and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues to be levied and received by the Commissioners under the Authority thereof, in Security for the Payment of the Amount of such Credit, or of the Sums advanced from Time to Time on such Cash Account, and of the, Interest thereon: Provided that the whole Sums due and Owing by the Commissioners for Money borrowed by them from the said Public Works Loan Commissioners, or from the eaid.Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, or on such Cash Account, or on Mortgages; and Assignations in Security of the said Harbours, Works, Lands, Property,

Rates, Duties, and Revenues, or any Part thereof, shall not, when taken together, exceed the said Sum of Twenty-three thousand Pounds by this Act authorized to be borrowed.

XVIII. The Money to be granted and appropriated by the said Commissioners for the Application of «B)rttish White Herring Fishery as aforesaid, and any Money to be advanced and lent to or Money granted torrowed by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, shall be applied by the said Com- andborrowe<i-mi&ioners for the British White Herring Fishery in and for the Purchase of the Lands and the Construction of the Works by this Act authorized to be acquired and constructed, and in carrying into execution the several Purposes of this Act, and to no other Purpose; wbfatapevex., \

' XflX. The Sheriff of the County of Fife shall, on Application made to him by the Auditor to be Commissioners, annually appoint an Auditor (being a Person well skilled in Accounts, and appo^tei. not b4?ng One of the Commissioners, or holding Office under them,) to audit and doequet the Accounts of the Commissioners; and in case the Office of such Auditor shall before Such Accounts have been audited by him become vacant by Death or from any other

X 2 Cause,

Sinking Fund to be established *

Payment of Arrears of Principal and Interest may be enforced by Appointment of Judicial Factor.

Limits of Harbour.

Improvement

of existing Harbour.

Tower to construct new Harbour.

23° & 24? yiQTORIt, c. 39.

Cause, the said Sheriff shall from Time to Time appoint, an Auditor to supply sue}i Vacancy.)

XX. "The Commissioners shall every Year appropriate and set apart the surplus Revenue of the Harbour which may remain after paying the said annual Sam of Fifty: Pounds to the Magistrates and Council of Anstruther Easier, the Interest of the Money borrowed by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, and the Sums which may be payable tb Account of the Principal thereof, and the Expenditure on Maintenance, Maiyigemerit, Repairs, and Improvements, as a Sinking Fund, to be applied in paying off the Principal Sums of Money so borrowed, and shall from Time to Time cause such Sinking Fund to be deposited in any Joint Stock Bank of Issue in Scotland, and to be increased, by Accumulation in the Way of Compound Interest, or otherwise, until the same shall be of sufficient Amount to pay off the said Principal Sums, or some Part thereof which the Commissioners think ought to be paid off, at which Time such Sinking Fund shall be applied in paying off the said Principal Sums, and the Sums so paid off by means of such Sinking Fund Siall not be re-borrowed: Provided always, that the Commissioners shall not allow any Sum exceeding One thousand Pounds to remain deposited as aforesaid for a longer Period than Six Months without applying the same as before specified: Provided also, that the said Sinking Fund shall in the first instance be applied by the Commissioners in paying off the Principal Sum of the Debt owing to the said Public Works Loan Commissioners, in so far os such Principal Sum may not previously have been paid off and extinguished.

XXI. The said Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, or the Mortgagees and Assignees, may, subject to the Preference and Priority of Securities herein-before mentioned, enforce Payment of the Arrears of Interest or the Arrears of Principal and Interest due to them or any of them under or by virtue of any Mortgages and Assignations Security granted by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, by the Appointment of a Judicial Factor or Receiver, in the Manner provided by the said Commissioners Clauses Act, provided that the Application for the Appointment of such Judicial Factor or Receiver shall be made by the said Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, or by a Mortgagee and Assignee holding a Mortgage and Assignation in Security gmnted by the Commissioners on which the Sum of at least Four thousand Pounds of Principal shall be due and owing, or by Two or more Mortgagees or Assignees holding Mortgages and Assignations in Security granted by the Commissioners on which the aggregate Amount of at least Four thousand Pounds of Principal shall be due and owing.

XXII. The Limits of Anstruther Union Harbour shall and are hereby declared to be a straight Line drawn Seaward to the Distance of Four hundred and sixty Yards from High-water Mark of Spring Tides at the East Side of the Mouth of the Cellardyke or Cahlies Burn, on the Northern Shore of the Firth of Forth, being the Eastern Parliamentary Boundary of the Burgh of Anstruthet Easter, and another straight Line drawn frbfrn the Seaward Extremity of the Line first mentioned, in a South-westerly Direction, to High-water Mark of Spring Tides at the furthest projecting Point of Land on the said Shore at Billowness in the Burgh of Anstruther Wester; and the Harbour shall extend to and include the whole Space within the said Lines and Limits.

XXIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by this Act from Time to Time to improve, repair, maintain, deepen, and cleanse the existing Harbour of Anstruther Easter, and to make and maintain additional Piers, Quays, and Wharfs, and all other Buildings and Conveniences connected therewith which may be necessary for the Reception and Accommodation of Vessels entering or using the Harbour, and to make, widen, and improve all necessary Roads and Accesses to the Harbour.

XXIV. And whereas a Plan and Sections of the existing Harbour and Works, and of the intended new Harbour and Works connected therewith, showing the Situation and

Levels thereof respectively, and a Book of Reference containing the Names of the Owners, ' Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands in, upon, or through which the same are intended to ' be made, have been deposited with the Sheriff Clerk of the County of FifeIt shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the British "White Herring Fishery, with the

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 39. 183

Powers and subject to the Provisions contained ih this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith, to enlarge the said existing Harbour, and to make and construct the said intended new Hdrboiur, and the Piers, Quays, and other Works connected therewith, in the Situation abd uponi ih8 Landis delineated on the said Plan and described in the said Book of Reference, «:

and to make and construct such Breakwaters, Quays, Wharfs, Piers, Jetties, Lapdiqg Places, Approaches, and other Works and Conveniences as may be deemed necessary fo?

, the Purposed of the said Harbours, and tq enter upon, take, and use such of the said Lands las shall bei necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and to enter into Contracts for the Execution of the Works by this Act authorited .;

XXV. The Powers granted by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith for the Powers for

compulsory Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act shall not be exercised after the Expiration of Five Years from the passing of this Act. limited.

XXVI. Before commencing any of the Works hereby authorized. Plans and Sections of Plans of Works the Works proposed to be constructed shall be deposited at the Admiralty Office, Whitehall, at the^dS^ for the Approval of the Lords of the Admiralty; and no Part of the said Works shall be raity office, commenced until the same shall be approved of by the Lords of the Admiralty, such Approval to be signified by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty.

XXVII. If, after Working Drawings of the Works hereby authorized shall have been Local Survey submitted to the Lords of the Admiralty, it shall be deemed expedient by them to order may be made, a local Survey and Examination of sqch Works, or of the intended Site thereof, f; lie ^aid Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery shall defray the Costs of such local,

Survey and Examination, out of the Money received or appropriated by them under the provisions of this Act.

XXVIII. It shall be lawful for thd said Commissioners for the British White Herring Power to alter Fishery to make any Deviations from or Alterations of the Works described on the said f^bn of the deposited Plans which to them may appear expedient; provided that before adopting and A^irahy. carrying the same into execution the said Commissioners shall submit the Plans of such

deviated or altered Works to the Lords of the Admiralty; and no such Works shall be adopted or executed by the said Commissioners unless approved by the Lords of the Adxrn* raity, such Approval to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty; and such Works shall only be executed in conformity with the Plans so approved; and such deviated or altered Works, when so executed, shall be deemed to be Part of the Works authorized by this Act.

XXIX. All Lands purchased or acquired under the Provisions and for the Purposes of New Harbour this Act, and all Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Approaches, and other Works and Conveniences constructed thereon under the Authority of this Act, shall, on the Completion of the said m^ssioners *p-dew Harbour and Works, and from and after the Date of a Minute of the said Commie- pointed by this Stoners for the British White Herring Fishery, certifying such Completion, be vested in the Act# Commissioners appointed by this Act* and shall thereafter belong to and be managed, maintained, and kept in repair by them under the Authority of this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith: Provided that all Mortgages and Assignations in Security granted

by the Commissioners appointed by this Act, under the Authority thereof, previous to the Late of the said Minute, shall be as valid and effectual with respect to the said new Harbour, and the Works, Lands, and Property constructed or acquired under the Provisions of this Act* and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues to be levied and received at and in respect (of the said new Harbour, as if such Mortgages and Assignations in Security had been granted after the Date of the said Minute.

XXX. If any Work to be constructed under the Authority of this Act within the Works aban-Limits of the Harbour, or any Portion of such Work, shall be abandoned or suffered to fall into Disuse or Decay by the Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Lords of the Admi- AdLiiukyf rally to abate and remove the same, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they may at any Time or Times deem fit and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former Condition, at the Cost and Charge of the Commissioners, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt due from the Commissioners to the Crown, and be recoverable accordingly.

Rates on Vessels as in Sched. (B.)

Rates on Goods as in Sched. (C.)

Rates for Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds, as in Sched. (D.)

Meters and Weighers may be licensed.

Pilots may be licensed.

Commissioners deemed " Pilotage and Local Authorities."

Responsibility of Pilots.

Power to lease

Rates.

Application of Monies received by Commissioners.

2S' & 24" VRJtOMA-- el 3 9;

XXXI. From and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred an<J sixty it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to demand and levy for every Vessel rising (^r entering the Harbour or within the Limits thereof, any Sum for evety Ton Measut^mtent of such Vessel not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule {B.) to this Act annexeld; and all such Rates shall be payable by the Master of such Vessel.

XXXI Iv From and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eSght^hun^fred and sixty it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to demand and levy, for all Goods specified in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, which shall be shipped or unshipped, received or delivered within the Limits of the Harbour, or at any Pier or other Work connected with the Harbour, any Sums not exceeding the Rates in the said Schedule (C.) specified with respect to such Goods respectively; and all such Rates shall be payable by the Owners of such Goods.

XXXIII. From and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight: htmdted

and sixty it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to demand and levy, for the Use df any of the Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds which may be provided or erected at the Harbour, of and from the Owner or Person having the Charge of any Goods deposited therein, or loaded, unloaded, or weighed by means thereof, any Sums not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed. i ..

XXXIV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to appoint and licence a sufficient

Number of Persons to be Meters and Weighers at and within the Harbour .;"

XXXV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners and they a*e hereby authorised to

license, appoint, and regulate a sufficient Number of Pilots for conducting Vessels oub.of and into the Harbour, and to remove and displace them at pleasure, and to fix thft Ratg of Pilotage to be paid to such Pilots, not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule IE.) ip this Act annexed; and such Pilots shall, before being license ^, be, examined as ..tab tbqq; Fitness and Capacity to be such Pilots by Three competent Persons, being Ship Mastery well acquainted with the Coast, and shall be certified by such P^rsonp to be fuUy.qualjfi^d; and every Person who acts as a Pilot within the Limits of the Harbour without navingj obtained such Certificate, or .without being licensed and appointed, shall for every such Offence bo liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and it shrill be lawful for the Pilots appointed by the Commissioners to conduct Vessels out of and into the Firth of Forth^ if so required by the Masters of such Vessels, but not otherwise: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed to exempt the Harbour from the Provisions of any General Act relating to Pilots now in force, or which may hereafter pass during the present or any future Session of Parliament.

XXXVI. For the Purposes of this Act, the Commissioners shall be deemed/* a Pilotage Authority" and " a Local Authority" within the Meaning of "The Merchant Shipping Act, 1864 and all the Powers by that Act conferred on " Pilotage Authorities", and Pa " Local Authorities" shall be vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXVII. The Commissioners shall not be liable or responsible for any Accident, Loss, or Damage which may arise to any Vessel, or to the Cargo thereof, in consequence of the Employment of any Pilot licensed by the Commissioners, but the Pilots so employed ehajl be answerable for any wilful or culpable Neglect and Mismanagement.

XXXVIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to let on lease by Private Contract or Agreement, or by Public Roup or Sale, as they may deem most expedient, all or toy of the Rates and Duties by this Act authorized to be levied, for any Period not exceeding Three Years; and in case of all or any of such Rates and Duties being; so let, tjiq Lessees thereof shall have the same Powers and Privileges as to levying, collecting, and recovering the same as are conferred on the Commissioners by this Act and the Acts incorporatea herewith.

XXXIX. All Monies which shall come into the; Hands of the Commissioners frbri^the said existing and new Harbours, or the Lands and Property connected therewith, or'thfe

Rates,

24c jV^TW%- vMe W

ftcye&uea.fr* fa levied and recpiy^ by t^em, undqr tlieAutbprito<ff tjiis Act*$kaJL qc applied, for the ,; purposesherein-after specified; and for no otfipr'.Pitrpose ff

; lEwsi^ inj Payment* of the taidSttmiof Fifty Pounds jpfr Amum to the, Magbtnites and Council of Anstruther E&stetil > - j/ t i (' . f, s,

Second, in Payment of the Interest of any !\foney borrowed from the said Public Works, Loin (^mmissioners under the Authority of this Act!, and of the Surtrs Whiih 7mi/be payable to Account of the Principal thereof: f.

J Third, in Payment of the ordinary Expenditure bti Mafia geiherit, Maintenance, and* j Repair^ of the said existing and new' Harbour ^, and the WorkA and Propertyconnected th^re^vith: ,

Pourth' in Payment of the Interest of the other Monies borrowed under the Authority of this Act:

Fifth, in Payment of the Expense of deepening and improving the said existing Harbour, and of improving and extending the Quays, Piers, Wharfs, and other Works connected with the said existing and new Harbours:

And lastly, the Surplus of such Monies which may remain after providing for tho Purposes before specified shall be appropriated and set apart as^ a, Sinking Fund, as herein-before provided.

XL; The Complaint and Proceedings before the Sheriff or Justice or Justices before FormofPror whom any Person shall be complained of or proceeded against for any Offenqe under the cee4in£ Provisions of this Act or the Acts incorporated herewith, and the Sentence or Conviction en"-" '

thereon, may be in the Form of the Schedule (Y*) hereunto1 annexed, or as near as may be;

and, except that such Complaint, and the Sentence to be pronounced in relation thereto, shall be iH Writing, no other Writing or written Record of Evidence or Procedure shall be fiedesAaiy, unless the Sheriff or Justices, at the Hearing of the Complaint, shall cause, or allow the Procedure or Evidence to betaken down in Writing, or1 shall themselves take Notes of the same.

XLI. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to exempt the Harbour or the Reservation of Commissioners from the Provisions of "The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, '* or #< The Merchant Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1855," or of any General Act relating to Har- ipping boars, or Dues on Shipping, or on Goods carried in Ships, now in force, or which shall be passed during the present or any future Session of Parliament, or from any future Revision and Alteration, under the Authority of Parliament, of the Rates authorized by this Act.

c^XJjII. Npthiftg contained in this Act.or the Acts incorporated herewith shall extend to Saving Rights authorize the Commissioners to purchase, take, or use any Land or Soil, or any Rights in of the Crown* respect thereof, belonging to Her Majesty in Right of Her Crown, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's WhodsJ Fotests, and Laud Revenues, or any One of them, first had and obtained for that Purpose, and which such last-mentioned Commissioners or any One of them are hereby authorized and empowered to give, or to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities vested in or enjoyed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors.

XLIII. If in the Course or by means of the Execution of any of the Said Works any Any Land re-Part of the Shores dr Bed of the said Harbour, or of the Sea beyond the Mouth thereof* ejaimedby the belonging to Her Majesty, shall be imted, gained^ or 'reclaimed from the Water, the Com- be taken*with-

fjissjQne^s shall, not have or exercise any Right upon the same or in respect thereof, but such out Consent of lining, Gaining, or Reclamation shall enure absolutely for the Benefit of Her Majesty the g^n^of^ Queen, Her Heirs and Successors; and it shall not at any Time afterwards be lawful for Woods °&c. the Commissioners to take, enter upon, or interfere with the Lands so inned, gained, or reclaimed for any Purpose whatsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or One of them.

XLiy. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, alter, or affect the Powers, Rights, ^p*j^lghts and Privileges of the said Public Works Loan Commissioners under the several Acts' relating works Loan

to Commissioners,

m° & 241 .VICTORIAE, .« S9.

to the said Commissioners; and all such Powers, Rights, and Privileges are hereby saved and reserved.

Saving Rights XLV. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice or affect any Rights or Privileges to An^trmh^8 of the Burgessea or Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Anstruther Wester may be

Wester. lawfully entitled, and which may not be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

; i t; - <r.

SCHEDULES referred to in this Act.

", —, SCHEDULE (A.)

The following Lands, Works, and Buildings described on the Plans and in the Book of Reference referred to in this Act as deposited with the Sheriff Clerk of the County of Fife, at hiy Office in Cupar, and distinguished by the Numbers herein-after specified: —

Jj__U__________-__________; ___u^LL

Numbers on Plan 8.

[3, 3, 3, 3.

. 6, 6.

7.

8.

* - '8a. f

My 86, 84. 10.

- 10a.

ai. if*-12, 12, 12. 13.

17.

i 18.

22.

34.

Piers, Quays, Slips, Crane, Lights, Stairs, Roadways, Area of Harbour. Curing Ground.

Steelyard.

Shore Street, Sea and Harbour Wall, Stair.

Access to Harbour.

Brae Road and Accesses to East Quay.

Curing Ground and Harbour and Enclosure Walls.

Curing Ground.

Curing Ground.

-"Wopdyard, Sawpit, Boatbuilding Shed.

Access to Beach.

I. Dwelling House, i Dwelling House, i Lsne.-

East Green Street.

SCHEDULE (B.) Rates on Vessels.

For every Vessel under the Burden of Fifteen Tons -

For every Vessel of the Burden of Fifteen Tons and under Fifty Tons -

For every Vessel of the Burden of Fifty Tons and under iOne hundred

Tons .....

For every Vessel of the Burden of One hundred Tons and under One hundred and fifty Tons -

For every Vessel of the Burden of One hundred and fifty Tons and upwards; All Lighters from any Vessel in the Roads shall be exempted from Rates, but if the Vessel do not enter the Harbour every Lighter shall pay for each Trip -

All Boats entirely open, landing or taking on board Goods or dried £ s. d.

or salted Fish, each - -.0 0 6

All Fishing Boats under the Length over all of Thirty Feet entering, the Harbour ojr within the Limits thereof, each - 0 0 3

All Fishing Boats of the Length over-all of Thirty Feet and

upwards entering the Harbour or within the Limits thereof, each 0 0 6

Fer'lW >

£ ».

0 0 4 0 / 0 6

0 0 8

0 0 10 0 10

0 0 2

23° & 3i° VICTORIAE, c. 39.

567

SCHEDULE (C.)

Rates otf Goods.

Ale - - per Hogshead

Air, bottled -; - per Barrel Bulk

Bark - - - per Ton

Beef or Pork - - - per Ton

Beef Or Pork - per Barrel

Blubber - - per Tun of 252 Gallons

Bone Dust - - - per Ton

Bones of Cattle - - - . - per Ton

Bottles ---- - per Gross

Bricks - - - per 1,000

Casks, empty, not being returned Packages - per Puncheon

Other Casks in proportion Cattle: -

Bulls - -- -- --, each

Cows and Oxen - - - . - . - - each

Calves - - -- each

Horses - -- -- - each

Pigs - -- -- -- -- - - each

Sheep - - - per Score

Lambs - - - per Score

Chalk ---- . - per Ton

Chimney Cans - - - per 100

Clay, Fire, manufactured - per Ton

Clay, common - - per Ton

Cloth, Haberdashery, &c. - - - per Barrel Bulk

Coaches:

Chaises and other Four-wheeled Carriages - each

Gigs, Carts, and other Two-whecled Carriages - each

Coals, Scotch, English, Smithy, and Culm ---- per Ton Copper - per Ton

Corks - - - per Barrel Bulk

Corn1, viz.

Wheat and Malt - - per Quarter

Barley, Bcans> Peas, Tares, Oats, Rye, Buckwheat, and Indian Corn,

per Quarter

Crystal - - -- - per Barrel Bulk

Dissolved BoneB and other artificial Manures - - per Ton

Dogs, Sporting only - each

Drugs - - - per Barrel Bulk

Earthenware - -- -- - per Crate

Eggs - per Barrel Bulk

Fish, dried and halted ---- _ per Ton

Haddocks, Cod, Salmon, and all fresh Fish not enumerated, per Barrel Bulk Flax - - . - - per Ton

Flour - - - per Sack

Ditto - - per Barrel

23 & 24 Vict. Y

s. (t.

0 6

0 3

1

1

0

1

0

0

0

1

0

1

0

0

0

4

0!

8,

6

2

0 8

0 3

0 3 0 2 0 0£ 0 2 0 0£ 0 6 0 3 0 8

1

0

0

0

0

0

0

1

0

4

6

2

2

8

6

3

4 2

0 3

I

0 2 0 2

0 8 0 2 0 3

0 8 O 2

4

2

4

2

0 1 *

m

23" A c. 3SJ.

Glriss, f "1 (' 7, - - per Barrel Bulk

Groceries, Viz,

; Almoiidl^V Ifljgsj Cinnamon, Currants, Pepper, Pimento, Plums, Pruned, 1 " f Raisii ^, and the like - - per Bah^l Btalk1

G^ian^) - \ - - - per Ton

Gunpowder - - - per Barrel

Hardware - - - per Barrel Bulk

Hares and Rabbits - per Dozen

Any less Quantity

Hay - per Ton

Hemp - . - - - per Ton;

Herrings, fresh - - . per Cran

Ditto, cured - - - per Barrel

Hides: — Ox, Cow, or Horse, salted or dried - - per Ton

Calf Skins . - - - per 120

Sheep Skins - - per 120

Lamb Skins - - - per 120,

Hoops of Wood - - - per 1, 500

Household Furniture, new - - - per Barrel Bulk

Household Furniture belonging to Parties changing their Residence only,

i per 10 Barrels Bulk

Husbandry Utensils - - - per Ton

Ditto - - . - - per Barrel Bulk

Iron: — Bar, Bolt, and Rod - per Ton

Pig or Old - - - per Ton

Kelp - ---- per Ton

Lead, all Kinds - - per Ton

Leather, tanned and dressed - - per Ton

Lime - - - per Chaldron of 16 Bolls

Limestone - -- -- - per Ton

Loam or Moulding Sand - - - per Ton

Machinery - -- -- - - - per Ton

Machinery - - - per Barrel Bulk

Manure, Street: - - - per Ton

Meal - - per Bag of 280 lbs.

Milk - - per Three large Pitchers

Musical Instruments - - per Barrel Bulk:

Oils - v - per Tun

Ores:— Copper, Iron, Lead, and other Ores - - " - per Ton

Passengers Luggage, not exceeding Barrels Bulk, free.

All above Barrels Bulk - - - per Barrel Bulk

Peats - - - per Ton

Pitch - -- -- - - - per Barrel

Porter - ---- per Hogshead

Porter, bottled -- -- -- - -per Barrel Bulk

Potatoes - -- -- - - per Ton

Poultry, including Pigeons, Game, &c. - - per Dozen

Any less Quantity -

Rags, Linen - - - " - - per Ton

Other Rags, Old Ropes, and the like - per Ton

Rape Cakes - - - pef Ton 1

s. d.

0 i i 3' 1

1 0 3

0 8

0; i 3

: 0 3

- 0 2-

, 0 u

- 0 8

, 1 4

0 1

0 3

1 4

0 10

. 0 10

0 5

- 1 0

/ 0 1

1 0. 6-j

1 4

, 0 2.

1 4

0 8 [

, Q 1 8

1 4

1 4

1 4

0 3

0 3

1 4

0 3

a 2

0 2

0

0 &

1 0

0 8

0 3

0 3

0 3

0 4

0 2

0 6

0 1

0 Oh

1 4

0 10

8

Salt . ., - r

Seeds, Flax and Rape -

Flax, .- - - t

, Flax in; Bulk

x Clover -

Garden -Hemp and Canary -

Rye Grass -

Sfcins^Seal -Slates, under Size -

Sizeable -

Over Size -

Spirits, Foreign and British -Stones, Rubble -

Hewn Ashlar Freestone Rough Ashlar Freestone Pavement not exceeding 3 Inches thick Pavement above 3 Inches thick -Scythe Stones -Mill Stones -Steel -

Stigar.

- - per Ton

- - per Hogshead

, -, - > per Barrel

. -, - per Quarter

- per Ton

- per Ton

- - per Ton

- per 8 Bushels

- - per 120

- - - per 1,000

- - - per 1,000

- - per 1,000

per Hogshead of 56 Gallons

per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet per Ton of 16 Cubic Feet

- per 70 Feet

- - per 16 Cubic Feet

- - per Score

- each per Ton - - per Ton

s. d.

0 10

0 6,

0 2

1 4

1 4

1 ' 4

0 2

0 8

0 6

0 10

1 4

. o 8

0 2

0 4

0 3

0 4

0 4

0 1

0 8

1 4

1 4

Tallow

Tar -

Tea -

Tiles, roofing -

Tiles, or Pipes for draining Tin of all Kinds Tobacco -

Treenails under 2 Feet in Length Treenails exceeding 2 Feet in Length Turnips -

Turpentine -

- per Ton - per Barrel

- per Chest

- per 1,000

- per 1,000

- per Ton per Ton

- per 1,000

- per 1,000

- per Ton per Hogshead

1 4 0 2 0 3

0 9 0 8

1 4

2 6 0 6 1 0 0 6 0 8

Vegetables

Vinegar

Vitriol

per Cartload per Hogshead - per Carboy

Whalebone - - - per Ton

Wine - ---- per Hogshead

Wine, bottled - ---- per Barrel Bulk

Wood: i

Fir, Pine, and other Descriptions not enumerated - per Load of 50 Feet Oak or Wainscoat - - per Load of 50 Feet

Firewood - - per Fathom

r Laths and Lathwood - - per Fathom of 216 Cubic Feet

Handspokes - - per 120

Oars - - per 120

Spars under 22 Feet in Length, above 2£ and under Inches Diameter.

per 120

Spars 2\ Inches in Diameter and under - - per 120

Spars 22 Feet in Length and upwards, and not exceeding Inches in

, Diameter -.. -. per 120

Spars of all Lengths above and under 6 Inches in Diameter - per 120

0 2 o e 0 2

2 0 0 8

0 4

0 10

1 0 0 6 2 6 0 10 2 6

2 6 1 4

6 6 12 0

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 3R

Wood:

Spokes of Wheels, not exceeding 2 Feel in Length; - - per *120

Exceeding 2 Feet in Length r - per 120

. h .Wedges, - - per 1,000

lvipe staves, and others in proportion - - per Standard Huhdrbd

Lignum Vitae, Fustic, Logwoqd, Mahogany, and Rosewood - 1 per Ton Wool - - - per Cwt.

Yarp - . - - - per Ton

Zinc ' . j j L ' - - . - per Ton

v _____, , All mother, Goops , not particularly enuiperated in the above Tai^e.

Light Goods v, - - . -, r per Barrel Bulk

Heavjr Goods <; , - *; j *? per Ton

Ih cHaVgitt£ th:of ^Rate4 bn Gobds the! gtbss Weight or Me^sure'in^ttt^bf all Goods to be taken; and for any less Weights, Measures, and Quantities than those above specified, a Pre-portion* of the respective Rates shall be charged.

Five Cubic Feet, not exceeding Two and a H:df CVvb to be rated as a Barrel Bulk; but ' ' ^Vhcn thd Weight of Five Cubic Feet is greater thau TftO'flttd a Half Owt., then Two and a Half Cwt. to be rated as a Barrel Bulk.

s. d.

0 6

1 0

i 0

1 4

0 2

* :1 !4

1 1 4

' i.

0 2

..*I, 4t

SCHEDULE (D.)

Rates for the Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Siieds.

\ _ 1st. Rates of Craneage.

-Ot — brrr* — tH — rr1"1 m; ' 1; , - — rr* — n-^nr — — rrrr* -

* . t t, .

All Goods or Packages, not Cxoeeding One Ton; - -V GGxoeediiig Ode Ton and not exceeding Two Tons

99 Two Tons 99 Three Tons

99 Three Tons 99 Four Tons

99 Four Tons 9X. Five Tons

99 Five Tons 99 Six Tons

99 Six Tons 99 Seven Tons

99, Seven Tons 99 Eight Tons

) ) Eight Tons 99 Nine Tons

99 Nine Tons )) Ten Tons

Ten Tons

- 2d, W^ghino Machines.

TTwTni —; 1 . df

; \ <1 .3 -

- r *' 0 4/

- . niiQ 'R':

- 0 8

- 0 10

- 1 0

- 1 2

- 1 4

1 1 8

. ' . 1 > 2 0

3 O '

For Goods Weighed, One Penny for each Tbn or Part of a Ton. '

. 3d. SlIEP buES. 1 J:

* ' . " J .: 1 7/; ' .

For each Ton of Goods of Eight Barrels Bulk, or for each Ton of Good* of Twenty, fjytri, which shall remain in the Sheds, or on the Quays of the Harbour, for a longer Time-than Forty-eight Hours, the Sinn of Threepence, nnd theijum of One Fenny Halfpenny per Ton fori Bach Day during which such Goods shall remain after the lir.-l Forty-eight Hours.

SCHEDULE (E.) ' Pilot Dues. '

For every Vessel above Twenty Tons entering and lcating the Harbour, per Ton Register -

For each Tide's Work within the Harbour, -

For laying out Kcdgc or Warp to assist Vessels -

£ s. O, 0 0 7 0 5

d.

4

6

0

t\>

0

i

tf

J!m

& 24°, y^p.TQ^I^:, c. 39.

_ " . SCHEDULE (F.) ' ' .....

I . 5 ' FoBMS of :|*|lOCP»DIinSS. ., v i

r ' "* Complaint. ' - ' '"rl

Pnto the JJonoiuable the Sheriff of [or Her Miyepty's Justices the Pqape fov] the

l Comyof1 Fife., : u j. .'VVi jW'/v.., -/ l

1' o The Complaint of A.D. ' ff

(Hiymbly s^oweth, Y

r That jC.D^ has been guilty of a Contravention of "The Anstruther Union Harbour Act, 1860," and of " Tfye Harbours, Docks, an(] Piers Clauses Act, 1847," incorporated therewith, or One or other of the said Acts, in- so fat as \Ktfe desMle the Offence generally, and state ike Wirnd eknd Place when and where the same was committed} whereby the liecu4 0:Ds has ihetarred the Forfeiture [or Penalty] of, provided by thfe

.|i:j I J, *>:* t Section of the said *' A^tro#^ .tyojon ^rbopr " [er. tbp.sjpd

" Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act "J.

May it therefore please your to grant Warrant to summon the saidi C.D< fo>appqqr before ,; j; t ., - j, toi>n^\yef //T it Mir, t/ftp thi^iQpluplaint, [and; to be dealt with ip Terms 9f [thptsaict; A9ts, (pr Qp# or other of them .; . I ' 1 f., , j, j j t \, it

According to Justice, &c.

[Signed by Complainer or Informer.]

m

Warrant.

-i' - s f - [Place and Date.]

Having considered the foregoing Comphimf, grants-Warrnnt ta summon the said C.D. complained of to appear before [Magistrate, and Place and Time], and that by serving the sjiid C.DL with a Copy of the foregoing Compldint kfcd of this Deliverance; dnd also grants Wanfint for citing Witnesses at the iristanefe of both.PaTtie^ to attiendnt thd same Place and Time. 1 v j - i

H 0 Ot O

o r

i

[Sheriff or Justice of Peace.]

Sentence.

£ I -

t f - . _ i r, [Place and Date.]

wThje [Magistrate^ in respect; of the Evidence adduced [or of the judicial Confession of the sipdiC.D., [as the Case may be]% cofiviqtp the said C.D. of the Offence charged, and doceqos dud adjudges him to forfeit and pay to the Complainer the Sum, of of Penalty, with the Sum of of Expenses, One Half of the said Penalty to be retained by the Cortiplalher, and the^ther Half thereof [or as the Case may be] to be paid and accounted for by him to the liark Sesftien; or Oojtectofr of the Fundp for the Poor of the Parish of Anstruther. Easter; and failing Payment by the said C D. forthwith* grants Warrant for Recovery of the said Penalty and Expenses by Poinding of hid Goods and Effects, and summary Sale thereof on the Expiration of n6t less tha*n Forty^ bigfat Hokrs aftefr ' such ^Poinding; appoints a Return or Exectrtion of such Poinding and S3e tb be reported within Eight Days from this Date, and in the meantime grants Warrtint for detiining the Said C.D. in the Prison of; until such Return

be reported.

* [If it shall appear at the Trial; that no sufficient Poinding can be made within the Jurisdiction of Magistrate, say here," and p respect it appears that no sufficient

_______Poinding^ and Sale can be had whereon to levy the said Penalty and Expenses, grants

Warrants to imprison the said C.D. in the Prison of for the Space of from this Date, unlesj the eaid Pena1 ty land Expenses be sooner

I n paid, and decerne."] i

. i

Warrant

Vn 23° & 24s VICf-ORIM, c. 39, 40.

Warrant of Imprisonment *

To be granted in case of a Return being made that no sufficient Goods and Effects coulfl be found.

[Place and Zjjajte.};

The [Magistrate], in respect of the Return made that no sufficient Effects call lie found whereon to levy the said Penalty and Expenses, grants Warrant to imprison the sdidC*.^. in the Prison of for the Space of from this ftajp,

unless the said Penalty and Expenses be sooner paid, and decerns.

Warrant of Liberation.

[Place and Date]

The [Magistrate], in respect of the Return of a sufficient Poinding and Sale of the Effects of the said C.D.

[or in respect of Payment having been made of the said Penalty and Expenses, as the Case mag be\ grants Warrant to the Keeper of the Prison of for the immediate Liberation of the said <7.Z>., and decerns.

i G. i. «t a *

c. 13.

13 C. 2. st. 2. c. 1.

25 C. 2. c. 2. 30 C. 2. st. 2.

8 G. 1. c. 6.

9 G. 2. c. 26. 18 G. 2. c. 20. 6 G. 3.C. 53.

9 G. 4. c. 17.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

21 & 22 Vict c. 48.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed farther Time.

CAP. XL.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or 6 Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have qualified themselves

according to an Act of the First Year of King George the First, Statute Two, Chapter 6 Thirteen; or according to an Act of the Thirteenth Year of King Charles the Second,

Statute Two, Chapter One; or according to an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of King c Charles the Second, Chapter Two; or according to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of King 1 Charles the Second, Statute Two; or according to an Act of the Eighth Year of King George the First, Chapter Six; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-«ix; or according to an Act of the Eighteenth Year of

King George the Second, Chapter Twenty; or according to an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty^hree; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seventeen; or according to an Act of the Tenth Year *' of King George the Fourth, .Chapter Seven, so far only as the said Act relates to any (Civil or Military Offices, or Places of Trust, or Places of Profit, or Corporate Offices; or c according to an Act of the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Yerirs (of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-eight, have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or

some unavoidable Accident, omitted to qualify themselves, within such Time and in such

Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby the^ have incurred, c or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities:' For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Person who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath omitted to take or make and subscribe any Oath, Assurance, or Declaration, or otherwise to qualify himself within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts or any of them is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which sudr Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath taken and subscribed the Oaths or Oath and Assurance

or

.) m&M wmQWMi csM: ilJB

or made the Declarations or Declaration required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, or if Parliament be then fitting beforp fhq End. of the then Session of Parliament, shfill take and subscribe the Oaths or Oath, and Assurance, Declarations, or Declaration respectively, in such Cases wherein by the s^iid several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Assurance, and rDeclarations ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Forn^ and at or ip ^uch Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any pr either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all 'Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred, pr to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission previous to the passing of this Act of taking or making and subscribing any Oaths or Oath, Assurance or Declaration, required by the said recited Acts or any of them, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and every such Person is and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and pestpred to the same State and Condition as he was in before such Neglect or Ontissiony and alpx^.be.and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified himself, according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and all Elections of and Acts done or to be done by any such Person, or by Authority derived from him, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person had duly taken or made and subscribed such Oath, Assurance, and Declaration, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them y. and the Qua!ificatioa of such Person qualifying himself in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if such Person had taken or made and subscribed such Oaths or Oath,

Assurance and Declaration, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

l /And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to

the ttnited Church of England and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected,

or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the Oath and Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament

tv-of Ireland in the Second Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further ) <Groiotk of Popery

.! , AU Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act ^mentioned, by neglecting: to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are ^hefleby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as.

if auoh Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and made and repeated liSnd subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, v that such Person or Persons do and shall take and i subscribe the said Oaths, and make,

7 repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration; in sufch Manner and Form and in such Place or - Places respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, or if Parliament ifce then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament

HL Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be Not to indem-ebnstrued to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been nif^Pf1^"8in given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty^ Courts of fiSdjudgmOTt Itecord, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time has been given, limited by Law.

IV. Provided also, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to Jeitend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to jIWhich he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required dV the Laws too wfo force.

ilOft--; 1

X'j-rV. 'And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and Airtiher publio Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations,

Indemnity to those who have omitted to make and subscribe the Oaths and Declaration required by the Irish Act,

2 Anne, c. 6.

Not to exempt Justices acting without legal Qualification.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped

174

after the Time allowed.

Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.

General Issue.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 40.

and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns ' which by several Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided, c or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid: '

For the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, or if Parliament be then sitting before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VI. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

VII. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information shall after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 41, 42

175

CAP. XLI.

An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her present Majesty, to amend the Law relating to Cheap Trains, and to restrain the Exercise of certain Powers by Canal Companies being also Railway Companies.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act

to amend the Law relating to Cheap Trains, and to restrain the Exercise of certain Powers by Canal Companies being also Railway Companies: And whereas the said Act will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient to make the said Act perpetual:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say.

I. That the said recited Act shall be perpetual

CAP. XLII.

An Act to vest the Management of the Phoenix Park in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS under the Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, the Management of the Phoenix Park in Ireland is vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings constituted by the said Act, but no other Possessions of the Crown in Ireland are now

under the Management of the said Commissioners: And whereas under Authority delegated by the said Commissioners, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have, since the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty, acted in the Management of the said Phoenix Park, and it is expedient that the Duties and Powers in relation thereto should be transferred to such last-named Commissioners:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L All the Duties and Powers of Management, and all other Duties and Powers of and in relation to the Phoenix Park, which if this Act had not been passed should have been performed and exercised by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being, shall be performed and exercised by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the Time being; and the Duties and Powers transferred by this Act shall be deemed to have been vested in such last-named Commissioners from the Thirty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty; and all Acts of the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland in relation to the Baid Park shall have Effect and Validity accordingly.

23 & 24 Vict.

Z

21 & 22 Vict. c. 75.

Recited Act made perpetual.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 42.

The Management of the Phoenix Park vested in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

176

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 43.

Recital of Scheme in Schedule to this Act

Scheme confirmed.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act for confirming a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the Administration of Archbishop Tenisons Charity in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the City of Westminster.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS the Charity Commissioners for England and Walts, in their Report to i Her Majesty of their Proceedings during the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, have reported that they have provisionally approved and certified a Scheme for ' the Reconstitution of Archbishop Tenison'* Charity, and such Scheme is set out in the ' Appendix to the said Report, and is also set out in the Schedule to this Act: And whercfes

it is expedient that the said Scheme should be confirmed Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of \b^e same, as follows:

I. The said Scheme shall be confirmed and take effect

SCHEDULE.

Scheme for the Application and Management of the Charity called Archbishop Tentson'6 School and Library, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex.

1. The Trustees of the Charity shall have Power to sell all or any of the Contents of the Library to the Governors of the British Museum, or to the Managers of any public Library or Institution, or to any other Purchasers, upon first submitting the Proposals for sufcn Sale to the Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, and obtaining their Approval thereof.

2. The net Produce of the Sale of the Library, and all other Principal Monies which shall accrue to the Charity, shall, until otherwise disposed of for the Purposes thereof, be invested in the Public Funds in the Name of "The Official Trustees of Charitable Funds," in trust for the Managing Trustees of the Charity, by whom the Dividends thereon shall be applied to the Purposes hereby directed; the Trustees, nevertheless, shall have Power to appropriate any Part of the Library which in their Judgment shall be applicable to the Purposes of the School hereby directed to be established, to the Uses of such School accordingly. The former Trusts of the Library shall cease when this Scheme shall come into operation.

3. All Stock to be purchased under the preceding Provision, and also the Sum of 1,000l. 31. per Cent. Consolidated Annuities now belonging to the Charity, shall be specifically retained for the Purposes thereof, unless or until the same respectively shall, with the Approval of the said Board, be laid out on Real or other Securities, or in the Purchase of Real Estate, for the Benefit of the Charity, or otherwise disposed of for the Objects of this Scheme.

4. The Trustees shall apply the whole Income of the Charity to the Maintenance of a School, to be established and conducted according to the following Provisions, for the Benefit of the Sons of Inhabitants of the City of Westminster belonging to the Commercial atfd Middle and Lower Classes, to be enjoyed by them, upon Payment of such Capitation Fees, and under such Regulations as shall from Time to Time be required or established by the Trustees, with the Approbation of the said Board, but with the Preference herein-after reserved to the Sons of Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields.

5. The Trustees may remit any such Capitation Fees, either wholly or partially, to not more than Thirty Scholars at any One Time, as a Reward of their superior Merit, or in consideration of the comparative Poverty of their Parents or next Friends, or for other sufficient Cause.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c, 43. lW

6. The School shall bear the title of Archbishop Tenison's School, and the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being shall be the Visitor thereof.

7. The Master of the School shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Trustees, after sufficient public Advertisements; and such Assistant or other Teachers as the Trustees shall be enabled by the Resources of the Charity, and shall find it expedient to employ for the Purposes thereof, shall from Time to Time be appointed by the Master* with their Approbatiop.

8. The Master shall be responsible to the Trustees for the whole Conduct of the School, and shall assign to any Assistant or other Teachers their respective Duties, but with the Approval of the Trustees in all Cases in which they shall think it expedient to exercise that Authority.

9. No Master shall acquire a Freehold Interest in his Office, but shall be removable after reasonable Notice by not less than Two Third Parts in Number of the Trustees, or by a Majority of their Number, but in the latter Case with the Approval of the said Board.

10. The Teaching in the School shall comprise as far as practicable, besides religious Instruction, the following Subjects: namely, Grammar and English Composition, Writing,

History, Geography, the Latin and French Languages, Arithmetic, Algebra, Book-keeping, and such Principles of the mathematical, mechanical, and physical Sciences most applicable to the Industrial Arts, and generally such Subjects as the Trustees shall require or approve for affording to the Scholars a sound, religious, and useful Education.

11. The Master shall be in Holy Orders or a Member of the Church of England, and the religious Teaching of the Scholars shall be in accordance with the Doctrines and Discipline of the Church, except that no Boy shall receive Instruction compulsorily in the Catechism or any peculiar Doctrines of the Church, or shall be required to attend its Services, whose Parents or next Friends shall declare that they conscientiously object to such Teaching or Attendance, and shall undertake that he shall attend some other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays.

12. The Trustees shall appropriate and fit up the Buildings hitherto used for the Purposes of the former School and Library to and for the Purposes of the new School and of a Residence for the Master, as shall be found convenient; or, with the Approval of the said Board, they may sell, alienate, demise, or otherwise dispose of the Premises, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Charity, and purchase, rent, construct, or acquire, and fit up other Buildings or Premises for the said Purposes, as shall be found most advantageous.

13. The Trustees may, with the Approval of the said Board, apply any Principal Funds belonging to the Charity, or to be raised upon the Security of the Property thereof, to the Alteration, Fitting-up, and Adaptation of the present Buildings of the Charity, or any other convenient Buildings and Premises, to the Purposes of the new School, or to the Purchase,

Acquisition, or Construction of any new Buildings, or of Sites for the same, for the same Purposes, replacing such Funds wholly or partially, if and as may be required by the said Bond, out of the Income of the Charity.

14. The Sons of all Inhabitants of the City of Westminster belonging to the Commercial and Middle and Lower Classes shall, to the Extent of the Accommodation afforded by the School, be admissible thereto by or according to the general Regulations of the Trustees; but among Applicants for Admission of equal Merits and Eligibility in other respects a Preference shall always be given to Sons of Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields. A List of all Applicants for Admission, with the Dates of their respective Applications, shall be kept by the Master, and shall be open to the Inspection of the Trustees collectively and separately; but no Boys shall be admitted before completing the Age of Eight Years, or shall remain in the School beyond the Age of Eighteen Tears, unless in Cases in which this Regulation shall be dispensed with by the special Order of the Trustees, and for assigned Reasons, in favour of any particular Boys.

15. All Boys shall be removable from the School by the Trustees for Misconduct or sufficient Cause.

Z 2 16. The

23* !& >244 VttSWftftE; V43v-

Iff.

[ The Oapltation Fees-payable by ^he Sdiolars shall be1 collecfcediin^er the Bftoitidri and fat the Control of the Trustee8, by whom the sime shall be 'paid, as to One' itfolwy of their net Amount; to the Master, unless a different Proportion shall be dufc'to lifm 'jtfrid&t hny special Agreement between himself 'nnd the Trustees, triade' with the' Coheettt- of 1 thi said Board, which Agreement shall then be carried into effect; and as to the Reekhib thereof, shall be applicable in aid of th^ general Incomej of, the Charity, ., j .t , .i, -t

17. The Trustees shall provide out of the general Income of the Charity fo»:the Rbpriti

Maintenance, Insuratiote, Renewal, and Improvement/ as Occasion shall1 be, of tfhe School Buildings, with their Fittings and Furniture, which may include any Apparatus Required, for teaching in the School, and for the proper wanning and fighting thereof, and for the Payment of the Rates, Taxes, and other Outgoings due in respect of the Premises; and also for the Payment of the Salaries of the Master and other Teachers, and the necessary Salaries and Wages of any Officers and Servants entployed for the Purposes of the Charity among which they ihay inclride the Salafy of a Clerk, to be Employed by them' as they taifty firia expedient, and rif the other Expenses of executing the Trusts; 1; 1 1 1

1 t 1 . t . - 1, ' '

18. TV Trustees sh&U also provide for the due Preservation and Care of the said Library

Until the same shall beqpld unqer thq preqecfipg, Power

19. The School shall be open to Inspection by Her Majesty's Inspectors of Schools, and the Scholars shall be publicly examined once in every Year by Examiners to be appointed for this Purpose by the Trustees; 'The Trustees* may pay out of the Income of the Charity any reasonable Fees to the Examiners conducting such Examination, and any Sum or Sums not exceeding the yearly Amount of Five Pounds, or such other Amount as shall be sanctioned by the said Board, in providing Prizes for the Scholars most distinguished by their Progress and M^rit. ) r, f f T /

20. The T^rustee^ shall apply the Surplus, if any, jof such Income lyhiqh shallj^njiai^a answering the several Purposes aforesaid, and after mating also suet a Reserve as i shall think necessary as a Building or Improvement Fund, or for' the general Purpose the Charity, to the Advancement of the Objects thereof, as they shall think moirt expedient.

21. There shall be Twelve Trustees of the Charity, of whom the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields for the Time being shall be Thtee> mid iSe^ier now-surviving Trustees of the existing Charity; abd who shall be willing to act Under the new Scheme, shall be others of such Trustees. The new Trustees "whose Appointment shall be first required for making up the Number of Twelve Trustees, or for afterwards supplying any Vacancies in the Trust which may be occasioned by the Death, Resignation fe Writirigi Bankruptcy, Insolvency, or Incapacity of aty Trustees, or by their omitting for a Period of Two consecutive Years to attend any Meeting of the Trustees, any of which CirOuin-etanoes shall create such Vacancies, shall be constituted by the Nomination of the ex officii and other Trustees for the Time being, to be forthwith certified by them to the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fiekfe, and also to thq said Board, but no Such Nominal

tion shall take effect unless and until the same shall have been approved by the, qaid jBo^rd, under their official Seal, after the Lapse of One, Calendar Month from their , Reerijpt, of tij£ Certificate to them of such Nomination; or such Trustees may be appointed, xf, aim.at Occasion shall be, according to the Provisions of "The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853/" by a Judge of the Court of Chancery sitting at Chambers, Upon the Application of any Perams authorized to make such Application by the Certificate of the said Board/

22. Meetings of the Trustees for the Purposes of the Trusts slufll be< held qualify , fjpr oftener, as shall be fixed from Time to Time by their Resolutions, ^n<l suet Meetujg^md^ and until the same shall have been fixed for any different Periouy, shall, be held qplVWedr nesday next preceding each of the usual Quarterly Days in every ^ear, and a Ffrqt Meqtiflg shall also be held on the Third Wednesday next after this Scheme shall bq. established* Special Meetings may also be convened from Time to Time, as may be expedient, by any Two Trustees, by Notices under their Hands1 delivered or Bent by the Post Seven \btys preriously to evety other Trustee at or to his most usual Place of Abode. The Vidtf^df the Parish of 8k Martin in the Fields shall be the Chairman of -every Meeting *

or

w.&m YJicnoft-WLc^w.

ghfvU befihosen bytihe Tcuetaee present .: Five Tpusteeflipreaent at cny.Meetiflg rf>ajl be ^m cc^pfitent to wt, and a, Majority-of, the Trustees pEeeeB* ^[^.(Mieeting^hiiU (hted b^tbw.Votegthfi Minority, and «11 absent Trustees. The Chahmw.^f Mpeting.iu case of Equality of Votes, ehafihevaaSecoad or, Casting

Vtft(0*1/1 util O)

23. The legal Interest in 'any Real Estate of the Charity may be vested by the Order of the, j&efmliite bejradfeWpon the Application, of the acting Trustees or a .Majority, of them, in .f .TheiOfficialiTrmtee Of; Charity Lands," in Trusts for the said Charity.i,

2^. The Official Thiatees of Charitable Funds may be empowered by the said BdaVd td> citilfi^d Tihhsfer bf and to transfer into their' Name, in trust for the Acting Trustees, an^ Stbct'in, the Public Fiinds bdoilgiijg to or held intrust for the Charity.;

25*; If, my; Qu$atiofn shoJl arise re$peoting, the Construction of this Sphtipe* the Matter of *unh.QuG$tion may .be submitted by all or finypf the Trustees tathnaaid Board* whoso Opinion thereon, expressed under their oflSoial Seal, shall he oonoluqive on all the Trustees; and any Provision which shall be found inconvenient may be modified by Order of tb>e Court of Chancery, or any of the Judges thereof, under its ordinary Jurisdiction over Charities, in any Manner not inconsistent with the general Purposes of this Scheme.

[Junk removed.]

An Act to qoufirm certaip Provisional Orders under the iLocal Government '(|IS58^ delating to the Districts 6f Southampton, Leicester, Epsom, ^'yovpnt/^/^ Ipswich, Fareharn, , Wells, Ludlow,

Penrith, BarnsleyShiptyr and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

[23d July 1860.1

WHEREAS the .Secretary of State, for the Home Department, being Oneiof Her till v.-bi Majesty's Principal Secretaries, of State, hnsj, under the Provision!) of "The Local fuCoyeroinenti Act, 1868," duly! made certain Provisional Orders, in .the, Schedule -to/this f, Aflti, muKtxed, and it, is provided; by the laforesaid, Local government Act that no such CjQjrdfCtt shall, W«f any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed, by Parliar i; apd tit; is expedient: that, the, said Orders should be so confirmed, and further ', iPmyi*iQn; wad& in . relation ltheret0:' JBe it' therefore enacted, by the Queen's most ^nellentj Majestys: by and with the Adwee and Consent of/ the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commonst in thia present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the: same, That from and aftor the passing of this Act.

T. ^h^ProrisjohalOrdfere contained1 in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be absolute, and be: as fading, and of the like Force 'and Effect, as if the Provisions of the same had

bedn'hxbreSsly1 enacted in this Act.

<-J?l^ iioed for the District oi Scarborough nmy exercise the same P^wet's is

are given to them, by The Local Government Act^ 1^58, ^/ for licensing and makusg Byelaws for the Regulation of Hackney Carriages, in and for the licensing and making Bymhtffe1 fbt iR^gufetion of Hor8QS, Mules, (aha ^.ssefc standing for llire in the ^Borough T&^fafh&tfkc/hl aid of the "persons driving or attending up6n the same, and also in and for ihafeing. Byelaws for the Regulation of Pleasure Boats plying for Hire Kstwt of the said Bocal Board, and the Persons navigating or in attendance ^/ltflefMme. Jl> , :i M -'l> ' ' *,

.the, 'better Accommodation/of Dealers and other Persons emjdoyed in the Fish Trade d iSfcfrborftvffk and for the Prevention of Nuisances, arisibg foom the carrying on of spph thft hoeti Bowdsbftti h&te Poster to purchase or false upon Leaser sill 4t

exchange.

m

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Byelaws as to Regulation of Hackney Carriages, Horses, Boats, &c. (Scarborough).

Regulations as to Fish Trade (Scarborough).

m 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 44.

Provisions for Life Buoys, &c. (Scarborough).

exchange, any Lands or Premises, and to provide and erect thereon Fish Stages, Staitfaea, Stands, Areas, Sheds, Warehouses, Piers, Jetties, Wharves, Buildings, and other Conveniences for the Purposes of landing, selling, packing, salting, storing, or otherwise dealing with Fish, and to form and make all necessary Railways, Tramways, Roads, and Approaches thereto: The said Powers and Purposes shall be deemed to be in all respects Powers and Purposes of "The Public Health Act, 1848," and " The Local Government Act, 1858."

IV. The said Local Board may purchase, provide, and maintain Boats, Life Buoys, Apparatus, Matters, and Things, for the Prevention of Drowning, or for the Recovery or Search for the Bodies of drowned Persons, and the restoring to Animation Persons apparently drowned, and employ and remunerate Persons in charge of such Apparatus or taking part in the Services herein enumerated.

Unrepealed V. 4 Whereas "the Local Government Act, 1858," has been duly adopted by the W1? of Ux!7 Improvement Commissioners in and for the Town of Teignmouth in the County of Devon,

incorporated acting in execution of a certain Local Act in force in the said Town, intituled An Act for

with Local the better paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Teignmouth in the County

Government 0j Devon, and for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water: And whereas a Provisional inCTd^unouth. ' Order under the said Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly confirmed by The 4 Local Government Supplementary Act, 1859 (No. 2.)," for the Repeal and Alteration of certain Parts of the said Local Act, but the said Local Act is not thereby incorporated with the said Local Government Act as adopted by the said Town: And whereas it is

desirable that the unrepealed Parts of the said Local Act should be so incorporated / It

is hereby enacted, That the unrepealed Parts of the said Local Act shall be and the same are hereby incorporated with the said Local Government Act as adopted in the said Town of Teignmouth.

porated with VI. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with " The Local Government Act, 21 & 22 Vict 1868," and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

c. 98.

[Short Title.]

VII. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860."

SCHEDULE.

SOUTHAMPTON.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Southampton Local Board of Healthy for the Purchase of Land by the said Board. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Southampton, acting as Local Board of Health within the said Borough, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 15th day of July 1850, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850 (No. 3), have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition under the Seal of the said Local Board, to ope of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase a piece of mud land containing one acre, lying on the western bank of the River Itchen, in order to construct thereon works connected with the drainage of the aforesaid Borough.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth and described the piece of land intended to be taken by such Local Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid pieoe of land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking of such piece of land, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference

to

181

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 44.

to such land, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Alfred Lamerte Dickens, Esq., the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said Borough, and the said Inspector has now inquired into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now therefore, I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, do hereby, ip pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1058, make Order and direct —

, That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the Local Board of Health for the Borough of Southampton shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement Given under my hand, this Second day of November 1859.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The land proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order by the Local Board of Health named therein, is a piece of mud land containing one acre, lying on the western hank of the River Itchen, and situate at or near to the place at which the Belvidere sewer opens into the river. It is in the Parish of Saint Mary within the town and county of the town of Southampton, and belongs or is reputed to belong to the Rectory of the Parish as part of or as held with the glebe of the Rectory; and is bounded eastward by the river, westward by the road from Crabniton to Northam, and northward and southward by other parts of the mud land belonging or reputed to belong to the said Rectory; and the said piece of land so intended to be taken is delineated on the Plan annexed to the Petition of the said Local Board referred to in the foregoing Order, and is coloured green thereoa

LEICESTER.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Leicester Local Board of Health, in the County of Leicester, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Street Improvements. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1849, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving ail notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to

Sit in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local oatd of Health to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the improvement of certain streets and highways, called the Coal Hill, the Haymarket, the East Gates, and Northampton Street, all situate within the District of the said Local Board.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedules annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid pieces of land whe have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking of such pieces of land and buildings, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt Of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed

[Junk removed.]

ment, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested inliwe byftho Lbisd

betake,

Occupier.

A piece or parcel of a messuage and shop m

Granby Street, Leicester, in thepeculation

r of William ' Hcomprisiirg an rirea or

seMen sqfcw^fiSst, or thereabouts.

A messuage, shop, and premises, with the

appurtenance^; «kltta^»fc stk» ^mUctton.of >

Northampton Street mid Granby Street,

noW'li thfc o&m^afcioti of* Ja&ee

Startin, comprising an area of thirty^wol

AjpessqAg&pr, tepei»ent, shop, and premises, with the appurtenances, situate in and fronting to East Gates, Xeicestef, now in ihfi Ofltvupption of Joseph Eevy, eprappiar ipg, w» area of si*ty-twp square yaffjs, or , l; the Faebpu^ v.-i n

.fiivxaJ

2

oilx >'t , t:

, 0

loUhK ! . jarrn^ i ti

John Los(

I .i

msani leai

Maria Heard Jones. John Loseby. Susannah, Marson Heard.

Mtlria HefaTi1 Joiftes J

Willwun .Jpr^.

Eames.

Richard Frederick-; Pappes.,

James Bedells.., , :, Sophia Eames (now . Sophia Hpm^ley).

WflllahiHughes.

James Startin.

Joseph Levy.

Mir hb,

EPSOM.

prI fbjid »il t

Provisional Ord^f prilling in-force the Xarids Clauses XJonsdlidation Act, 1845, within lhe District of the Epsom Local Board of Health, in the County of Surrey, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Boffrrf fyr Ppp^opizing Works. — Local Government Act, 1858.

fjocat Boa^d of ijealth ^n ^nj for ^ie District, of EpsbmVin the \)f

wagj dfily^ applied aa^Qraer most

gracious Majesty in Council, tearing date the Ninth day of March 18dO, apd in

luance

com-

of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and af iplj^flg^With^th^ le^uirembiits/of >thrit SeetMHi ibyl doly? <fehWAig^'urog/^and

x ^tiisting^ dll hotice^drid advertisements* rthertby diceetrid, ! presfenibd -»i Pdtijtion^ i|^4or o^f i^diilysigftedlby iaid Local- Board, feborie of/Hfent vMhjeat^VPnite

ftmiMrthbpi^jr'toi ^ottii fioiroe4 itheLzfndaiGfaiiflM) QbriBofiflaiik^ na r; A i »i / i-2 y'l kenable

W.-&.34I MKTDORI,

tti«ikbfelth#i^6)n«S!twJrIfW^l BfoardtoffHeOlthto puarchp^a ocrtoi&fpifiiMbfdfiad ritftate within jtivjj&addfetriftf for, -tiift'ipuj7p<*sei <lf ftoraiag tUereofi tanka afld , fil ter-b^d *, andficr constructing all necessary works for the purpose ofitttier&epting, oelleOting, de<>doriziiig, and purifying the SQwag? dtoohkfrgtdb ahdtofcfe 'disolmrgadrfiJom i6he!pnbUc, #ewreF8i pad drains siMtata within *hAlJ»tc»fltiof*fehaidp9rtal-3<wd<n i -.»'fj i. .r.-.., - i...

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth, stated, anddeswibcdtbe pieoeofland intended tojbeftakejn by; &u<Jh > Bowd(«#<fh; Purports, $pd tfee names of the owners, lessees, and lecQupiersiofi the (aforee*iji piece of lend (*vh« have a wanted, dissented, land ere neuter in ^npieotloftthei Skiing & auohpiectf of jandi or who t have returned no answer to ) the notice

iasiW>. h^/«(fc^lB<fc!wd, ]i and Such Petition, prayed that the said Board might, with reference toirittehliMidi^bd aUeped to pufeiot fdtee the powers of the Bands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and >taking of latd otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such-, 'Petition, ! I' tonk thO same inltp consideration, and directed William' B&ngor, Esq., the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector visited the same pursuant to notice duly published as by me directed, and inquired in the Distriet^aforesaid iato £he\subject matter of such Petition, which was duly supported by such evidence as I required, and he has d, uly reported thereon.

Now; . therefore, I, as Her Majesty's Principal1 Secretary, or Stare for the Home Department, 1 jj^r^&de ot {he powprs vested in me by the Local Government Act,

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order — 1

1. — The LocaTBoard of Health for the District of Epsom in the County of Surrey, shall , ", :"nU Lbe empowered toputm forced with reference'to the land referred to andidescribed

---- in- the-Schedule-to thie Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consoti-

l-ullMP/A04' 1845, witlf respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than ' by agreement., 1 V' \

Given under my Hand) this Eighteenth day of April 18]60. '

i.'i-i: .Tt i (Siffiiad) - G. C. Lewis.

ill Vi a:* r jiiiL (j .1 V J.

, J(Sffheduk refhtrtd to in the preceding Order.

ji'l.u t|l i t )-»]*< — ' i, j, i . i .; ' ' I

The Piece of Land-|*ropg^iito W taken, as described in the foregoing Order, is the

foUo\?ing:r

mil

liqj

A certain piece of Land within skid district (comprising an acre, or thereabddtdh dilate nfear ihfe fend of the outfall sewei^ part of'a meadow near

the line of railw^' ftliia'' from Epsom to

the high road and the houses near thereto, and abuts upon Ware* otherwise Water Lane, leading from Epsom to Kingston. y, t>.

, tok kvv, A. - .V.Vw; v* vv, '

Owrifcr, Lessee, and Occupier.

Alary feleanor Parkhurst, of No. 9, ' Leicester Place, Clifton, near Bristol. William Etty Weston, of Epsom, Farmer.

v -a

COV^NlTRY.

Act 1845, within. the Warwick, for the Local Government

-moo

l)1J«Wtew the MayarjiAhteh^ ef theiCityof Coventry, by tbfe Council of

9tfae1§fe#J OityV ibSng ithe JLeofl; BoanLof iHerikh in and ibr/1he District of the _ said City, lE^uic>Kcv r dffifeakth LAjot^ > duly apblied by a Brormional Order of the

(4>fed^l<I^rd of fflea^ Health. Supplemental Ac*jl849, have,

3»daaqB3 & 24 Vict. A a in

333

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 44.

in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Boara, tq one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for the purpose of providing a Market Place and Market House, and other conveniences, within the said District, with the view of holding such Markets therein, such land and buildings being all situate within the District of the said Local Board.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedules annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such pur-

Eosesj and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land *and uildings who haye assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Henry Austin, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, ip

Sursuanoe of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and irect, —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of the City of Coventry, in the County of Warwick, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my Hand this Eighteenth day of April 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Buildings proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following; the figures referring to the-figures on the Plan mentioned in the Schedules to the Petition of the Local Board of Health herein-before mentioned

No. on Plan. Description of Property proposed to be taken. Owner or reputed Owner. 1 j Lessee or reputed Lessee. i Occupier.

1 House - Thomas Burbidge Thomas Jenkins. Mary Ann Burbidge. Edward Wilkins.

2 Chandlehouse The same - - Mary Ann Burbidge.

3 Salt Shed - The same - - The same.

4 Yard The same - - The same.

5 House - - Sarah Dry James Collingbourne and Elizabeth his Wife. Samuel Dixon Dry. William Frederick Dry. Sarah Anne Dry. Mary Jane Dry. Joseph Simkins.

6 House The same - - Mary Ann Curry.

7 House The same - William Hewitt,

28° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 44. J8S

-famr Ub.) % iimtfr )ifwi11*'i property prbpoMd to be taken. J <: 1 i Otrner or reputed Owner# y Lessee or reputed Lessee. ' I V.Jli. Oooutrier,

if '* V, j

8 Yard The same - Sarah Dry. Joseph Sifnkins# Mary Ann Curry* William Hewitt, Joseph Boo ten. William Roe. Joseph Brooks. Mary Hewitt, Rachael Linden. James Archer. Margaret Ryley.

9 House - Jonathan Keene - - William Orton.

10 House - The same - - Edward Clarke.

a House The same - William Humphreys.

12 House The same - Harriet Mow. John Wright. Henry Baker.

13 House The same - -.. William Cotton.

14 Yard and Privies Jonathan Keene William Orton. Edward Clarke. William Humphreys. Harriet Mow. John Wright. Henry B suker. William Cotton.

15 House The same Frederick Blunsom Frederick Blunsom.

16 House The same -.. Edward Owen.

17 House The same ..... William Everton.

18 Yard, Stable, and Privies. The same - Frederick Blunsom Frederick Blunsom. Edward Owen. William Everton.

19 House George Hemming - - Caleb Lewis.

20 House The same . - Void.

21 House The same ... - George Hemming. Thomas Tunnicliffe.

22 House The same - -.. George Burton.

23 House The same -.. James Rowland.

24 Washhouse The same ..... Void.

25 Privy and Yard - The same - George Hemming. Caleb Lewis. James Rowland. Thomas Tunicliffe.- George Burton,

26 House Samuel Yale - . William Troop.

27 House Thomas Chattaway ..... William Burrows.

28 House - The same - John Smith.

29 House The same ..... Charles Pritchard.

30 Yard and Privies - The same -.. The same.

30a Yard The same Job Snape William Burrows. John Smith. Charles Pritchard, William Bourne. John Fulton. Job Snape.

31 House Thomas Chattaway ..... William Bourne.

32 House - The same -.. John Fulton.

33 Shed The same - Job Snape - Job Snape.

34 Stables The same ... The same - - The same.

35 1 Brewhouse The same - A a 2 The same - The same.

2&> & m

"I'rraniTHgj! y'ETrrrfr

isiH^tion1^Pri>p^iHy: plopped 16 be taken.

ipjIl tjg of(j oy

L^/ivnuiflo Mvnrl

it)hf

lo Jqi909i sdt no bn& lib in Oowpieiv) smoll

ijoioH bifitt sdt iisiv oi

1(I z'm

Owner or reputed Owner,

mupm won end iofc

t in; »j- Jii^H'nvp'TfftT

lessee bf reputed ' aoxorf I iiessfebL^ baler enl bifigddibtiBjl

I bail ^no/iila*! done io

The same* >dt t v/o/l

an/ /^doiorf ob 1 he soma

- The same.

-, The same,

- Robm Marriott.

* 1 11 Jaiiie^ Ke&ieJ'1(>

Wiflirfm1 <bopd4takes. Samuel Bakewell.

) bau irsylO

36

37

38

39 401 41-

42

43

1OtitbbiWing^ *tod

/v Xard.

Lumber Rooms

art

iidi

____-.louse

Irm.se -

ro«86 , -ni b9

Housfe^l ttoA f, eUf House - Jnam* '

.eiY^aJ □ .0

dii

9|fi ^d lebiO gniogo I/ud radio bus gnit rfdvitosqm ofcuifB J biiO. fnarfl v/9^ id lo iomoo adt idw lo ting brxs <ts de'iaq adt fli disc

e

9

db

1c

b

/5B adt lo eraiquoooo 1»

.it>iqo#joO

The same ynrPnoo* leu/ai,

»oJ adt vd 9ui ni b;

The same

rhe same

mB -

Tlminii' Smith William Copes takes t odi

General Charity Anil Coventry, namely,

The Rot* T. Sheepshanks. Thomas Banbury, Esq.

Mr. Josiah Cash.

Mr. Richard Hands.

James Sibley Whittem, Esq. Mr. Thomas Smith, junior. William Clarke, Esq. Riclmrd Caldicott, Esq.

Mr, Harry Ghetbam.

Willi am Odell, Esq. r Bryan Dunn, Esq. \r Satau'el Vale, Esq.

Abijah Efill Pears, Esq,

Mr. Davit! Spencer.

Samuel Newsome, Esq. William Sargeant, Esq.

Mr. Thomas Jones Newark. Charles Dresser, Esq.

Mr. S. Hammerton, junior. Mr. John Rotherham.

dt boiioqoi vlub The same cl £ I

//o1! ad; *lo aanm The same The same Thp saifie - The same 1 - r' T Jbnn bflfiL on i oj

Ip fei9woq odi J>s Samuel Bakewell

taiH a/di .band y

ioo jxiaiadt banuu Dibnud 07/i ban «-

oiiT blO moil hi o oiodi iooiie s c bins 9di ixoa <an, n8 'io dencq sdi j iv/fcql ho dguoic lo B9bir; n adt io lri9nia;

jcjoi; unL uuju n >

iliiuli io ItlboH iio^J LxJ'i tAA juoda baa , bjo J5 9i9ilw loaioa odj la ^oib/isl bam r hi oliau efi9nua0 bollco oiodj si yJioqoiq bnn ftbonl adt nr ^nlodoi A Juu& 3 n bi gniwollol 9dT

—:BOBiiaoiq

]fnir^ R90IR

.7119M ^omboiT

IPSWICH.

IIsy/oH mnilliV/ ) biuwyali ioiioboi'i gfriifioQ iib^u^ ]rni8 I19woH muilliW: i bmvr^aH

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Ipswich Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Land hg the said BoardI — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Ipswich, acting as the Local Board of Health of the District of the said Borough, by the Council of such Borough, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 21st day of January 1857, confirmed by the

357, ha^v^ in ^ur^an^e pf7^h

S^cfam of, The ^, dc^r.^3overni^eh't ..Act, and afteiy qomplying with the requi^ments of that, duly giving^and serving all ^npt^ces thereby Greeted, preaeilte^' Petition

under the seal of the' said^ Local Board tb one of Her MajestyV Principal Secretaries of ^tate, Jor {authority to ^ut irt force the j LdnQs Obilses KTotisdlidatloh Adt, 11845, tty <feAhble the said^Locfd TBbat^ of Hdaldt^to ^tirihfterfxclriaiii bieWe'df land^ for ii»proving^t4h '«ticias ttor/the^GatltleL)M*rkpi^h^ aforesaid District; .1; (.)'* ) III /tr')\ 1/ ri.'i'i'-i, lU 1.01/* T)II

.'''AhiVhearewithe'Baid Petiiioa duly set ifortlb iand described the land a4' pW>perty'init«n<fed bn hfutsken bji soeh Loeil EBoord foc *ticb i purpose, and the natnek of 4he and occdpisre of bbe afoiBestadipieces of land who iaSle absented, or: Wa betrikt1 'fa

ateepefcfri df ike' tabiag rthereefj <* whahawe are turned na (answer i to' tliei notice IJsstieW by wteh (Sm>d9(«iidiiinokI Pedtknil prsjjefl itbatitbe sidduBoard inn^bf, Odib xeibtknoento^sadl^ tknd and:property, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act

aforesaid

we & gttlfA

aforesaid "with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary, of the Home Department directed Alfred Dickens, Esq., the Inspector appointed ferdthe purfpse^ x to visit the said Borough, and the said Inspector has now inquired into the subject matter of suclf Petition, and nas duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, 1 as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Dopstn-dE . ment, do hereby, in pursuance of the Powers vested in me by the Local Government' Act, 1858, make Order and direct — 11 ",; I g

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament, confirming this Order, th)e Local I^oard of Health for the Borough of Ipswich shall be empowered to puf force, with reference to the land and property referred to and described in the Schedule jp to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, witjh^i respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement. ^uoH \ £1* Given under my hand, this Eighteenth day of April 1860.

* pm* (Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule referred to in the 'preceding Order.

The land and property proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order by the Local Board of Health named therein, consist of a house, cottages, malting and other buildings, and about fifty rods and two hundred and thirty-one feet of land, situate respectively at the corner where a road from Old Friars Bridge and a Road from New Friars Bridge unite in a road leading to a street there called Princes Street, and at the corner of a lane there called Currier's Lane, next the said road leading to Princes Street, and part of which lands and property is in the parish of Saint Mary at the Elms, and part in the parish of Saint Nicholas, in the Borough of Ipswich. j m /

The following is a statement of the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the said premises:— .p>H tomoe/mVT buxnag

187

Owner.

James Simpson -

SuaaivDearing, ..

William Bowell Simpson Frederick Hayward (Mortgagee) Susan Dearing William Bowell Simpson Frederick Hayward (jMortgagee) Su-an Dearing - - ^"*3

William Bowell Simpson Frederick Hayward (Mortgagee)

iflt ftH I ..- m .....

Lessee.

Occupier.

James Simpson.

Ellen Mann.

Frederick Merry, ns *vAiO

William Skeel Head.

oih lo tjjYiO UnvYi /<»* odi v<i j) .unrliro-)

Mi I *t - // S i I

FABEHAM.

, -ii

>ldiWhereaa/tile luteal Bohrdof Health in)and the District'of; lpaflebahk*>itr the County

{to TOibichi idle 'Public tHea)th:Aat^!)M8, >wafefdi% applied' lbjr im I Order>i bf Her Most Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing idatethefifditcfauy afvSBpteeifcerl ItS&^have, litf>ptW9fc*oej<©tf 1 &' Br»trisibit»..df th4> VCth'Section of the Loc&Q Go'veifomen4>Acti,; L858, , aua -afterownplyiitg with, ith requirements of that i Section by fliily giving - a^d metaingi all iftotioeaitiiwwby. djfcected, presented: a Fetation, iindier the Seat of the said Local> {Boaurd^.to rlMM qfl Her-Maits^'ePriueipaiSeoretatiesoftState, forlantbority t to ipnt ib fcoote thetLqads idhubes-Consolidation Act, J)845*.t6>enable the aforesaid ILooalj Board eff Health toprirehatfc i'th noiti:[»ifo2«oO c-y-.'> \'J.-I*rn; J c».li '10 >/; '.<v>.-i .; J -y.n d m J>"c 01 f> .Wi« od, mo<f <«grt«ui 1'ir.Bvioln

3SB

B8° & 24P VICTPOtll^:, c. 44.

-G mte&Yi pie6c of land and roadway, situate within the District of the said Local Board, and to enable such Board to construct thereon filtering and deodorizing Tanks and other Sewerage out-fall Works for the aforesaid District And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the piece of land and the roadway intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and oOcupiers of the aforesaid pieces of land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking of such pieces of land and buildings, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esq., the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said district of Fareham, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the district aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the Local Board of Health for the District of Fareham, in the County of Southampton, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this Eighteenth Day of April 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule inferred to in the preceding Order.

The Piece of Land and the Roadway proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following; the figures referring to the figures on the Plan mentioned in the Petition of the Local Board of Health herein-before mentioned: —

Description of Lind proposed to be taken. Owner cr Occupier.

Such parts of the two pieces of pasture or marsh-land, situate on the west side of and adjacent to Fareham Lake within the parish of Fareham, being numbered 1585 and 1586 of the Fareham Tithe Commutation Rentcharge map, the position and boundaries whereof are shewn on the Plan or Tracing annexed to the aforesaid Petition as are in such Plan or Tracing coloured red. Together with free right of carriage way to and from such parts from and to the Gosport and Wickham Turnpike road, along the occupation road called Saltern's Lane and the intermediate roadway — such land, so proposed to be taken by the said Local Board, being in quantity one acre or thereabouts. James Fitchett Burrell, 1 William Bracher Gater, > Thomas Hewett, J Trustees of the late James Fitchett Burrell, Esquire. Frederick John Burrell (Occupier).

WELLS.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Wells Local Board. — Local Government Act, 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City and Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, acting as the Local Board in and for the District of Wells, in which the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries, of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament m

force

28° & /240 VICTORIA,

fprce within the said District, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

(An Act passed in the First and Second Year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, chapter twelve, intituled " An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain roads leading to and from the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering the said roads, and the streets, lanes, and public passage^ within the said City or Bordugh, the Liberty of Saint Andrew, and suburbs of the said City or Borough, and removing; and preventing nuisances and annoyances thereon." >

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the sand matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — AH the powers and authorities, duties, regulations, and provisions comprised in the aforesaid Act of 1 & 2 Geo. IY., which relate to or affect the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watering of the said city and borough, and the removal and prevention of encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein, shall be transferred from the Trustees acting under the aforesaid Act, and shall be vested in and made operative on the Town Council of the said city and borough, acting as the Local Board thereof under the powers of the Local Government Act, 1858.

2. — The exemption from liability to rating, contained in Section 82 of the aforesaid Act of 1 & 2 Geo. IY., shall be and is hereby repealed, and the Town Council acting as such Local Board as aforesaid shall be and is hereby empowered and authorized to levy a general district rate on or in respect of all property situate within the district of such Local Board, according to the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

3. — All property and estate of the Trustees acting in the execution of the said Local Act

ofl & 2 Geo. IV., in their character or capacity exclusively of trustees for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watering the streets, lanes, and public passages in the said city and borough, shall be transferred to and vested in the said Local Board, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board upon the same trusts, and for the same purposes, as by such Trustees.

4. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable by such Trustees

in their character or capacity aforesaid shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made, and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board as by such Trustees.

5. — Provided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for that purpose, the

deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made.

Given under my Hand, this Eleventh day of May 1860.

- - (Signed) tx. C. Lewis.

TOBMOHAM.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of the Torquay Waterworks Act, 1856, in force within the District of the Tormoham Local Board of Health. — Local Government Act, 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Tormoham, in the County of Devon, have, in pursuance of the 77th Section of the " Local Government Act, 1858, "

presented

190

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 44.

presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration of "The Torquay Waterworks Act, 1856/' being an Act in force within the said district, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit.

And whereas by the 24th Section of the said Waterworks Act it is enacted, that the said Local Board from time to time may, by agreement, purchase any lands which they might think requisite for any of the Purposes of the said Act, and on such terms and conditions as they may think fit, not exceeding five acres.

And whereas by the 31st Section of the said Waterworks Act it is enacted, that the works thereby authorized shall be completed within five years, and on the expiration of that period the powers thereby granted for making such works should cease to be exercised.

And by the 55th Section of the said Waterworks Act it is enacted, that the minimum amount to be set apart as a sinking fund for the payment of the principal monies borrowed under the said Act shall, from the expiration of such five years, be at such rate per centum per annum on the amount of such principal monies as should ensure the repayment thereof in fifty years.

And whereas the said Local Board have proceeded to execute the works authorized by the said Waterworks Act, and the said District is now supplied with water by means thereof, but it has been found expedient and necessary for the better and more effectually affording and maintaining such supply of water that larger reservoirs should be constructed than were contemplated by the said Act; and the said Local Board are desirous of obtaining powers to purchase about twenty acres of land in addition to the five acfes of lands authorized to be purchased by the said Waterworks Act as aforesaid, and that the said Act should be otherwise altered as herein-after mentioned.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report duly made to me thereon.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament '

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The powers contained in the said 24th Section of the said Waterworks Act enabling

the said Local Board to purchase any lands by agreement as therein mentioned, not exceeding five acres, shall and may be used and exercised by the said Local Board for purchasing any quantity of land not exceeding twenty-five acres, in the same manner as if twenty-five acres had been originally mentioned in the said Waterworks Act instead of five acres; and the said Local Board may purchase such twenty-five acres of land, for the purpose of constructing, and may constrdot such reservoirs in any parish or parishes, place or places, as to the Baid Local Board shall seem expedient and necessary.

2. — The time within which it is enacted by the said 31st section of the said Waterworks

Act, that the works thereby authorized shall be completed, and on the expiration of which time it is also enacted that the powers thereby granted for making such works shall cease to be exercised, shall be extended from five years, named in the said section, to three years from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament whereby this present Order shall be confirmed.

3. — The time fixed by the 55th section of the said Waterworks Act, for the commencement of a sinking fund for the payment of the principal monies borrowed under the said Act, shall be extended to the expiration of three years from the date of the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this present Order.

Given under my hand this Eleventh day of May 1860,

(Signed) G. C.' Lewis.

J SCAR-

I

191

, ')U:t'> - >rI. wwlU .7 *> »*to1 Hi J >/, Hi

Min' I 1'. m It. 'I ) I 1

, SCARBOROUGH.

, !, > >/! /.III ui noiliJ'/T a both-vimq a , T <iiT ' 'i-.> noh.'a *if« -'ll) mi

I

", ," j . t I J f,

FhobiMot&t?'CYUfrl edKh^ Aii'i Parts of a Local Jict in force, wiuijk. the

"lrul^yihiii iSI^itx^bdrM^ri Ld^al Board. — Lcfril Government fat, jlv*/0 ti >ih iui

i. tjthp >L9#4 4i«A fot ttte» Distrlttlof iSmbo&ugh^in iih& N&ltih4|5&ing

ofuftg ^flpty, of, yor)k<JiViwhfohiih*, £^ beeft1 <fely; '&ltoi^A

prsp^ce^ }thQ; . wA !Aflt,; ptea&n*ed fa'tP^tioiiijtfc iiifa, ie ope bf Ifei^M&j&Ws Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the altejratiDnvahd piwti

Act ^pPwh^n^eptripjforoQ .wkluq t£e- siiid distHcty having^elaiibn^Wtlie said, J^pcft-V j^ovoqin^pt Act, and pot ednfefri^ powers or jirivifegies^updA 'any^ company, ^np^rtal^eraj^ pr .individuals foriitheir^-owh; pecuniary* benefit, and for the 1 of all espraptipos ^rpfn (rating updor ^such Local Ac#, and foe o^hor purposes set forth it* :the aforesaid Petition; \ that is to pay, M, i w: ./ .; - n -j. u., \r. j > oi

An Act, passed; ip. thp Fortyrfift^ jteax oi* tho reign jrf> His late Majesty King GeM-geThe Thirds CJ^apfor^nety-foiir, intituled 'SAn Act for pacing and otherwise llfo

AndI whera$, ^pursuance of the said Local Government Actj inquiry'hiis been1 dlr'c'ctcitt in thp j^respeqfc of the.derailmatter&niehtfoced.-in the said'Petition -; ul umB

An^.w^e^ i^ 9pp^ar* .expedien.ti to.issue h iProrvu&ionai Order1 in TrefefidA tc^thC 14Sia raatte^putgm pijph Qjrd^paftbetyaUd^ Pateliateeiit; li(<! ^*UJ

.. th^fpWWsjv^Btrf1iw moMy the said ^odid^GbVcthfnbh

Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal SecretaAosi ofi State, db, this^i

umjprifflyJw^jd?re th?t frA^iWd MXer: thfc^paising^of ony Act* of J?t$rliiu»sent efettf^Afoig

3 pWJfev OilU'\ i .; j., -, 4ii I *, -a U1j/k -'Jli i' Iff I -i'-JHltl \niib O'M M vUhl |»iR

1. — The parts of the said Local Act specified in the Schedrile hei^ako^ritfwfcd1

.idL^PB^Mn !>-- !'> tl Vl '* v b:)f' t

2. — The powej^, anfliai#ties «f:the ContnlisBiodears fcff ithef time being, hctlrtgW ., ., , .n . ^c^lqonj cif: the shall cease ) lanU »neh>ef>theiM gitafoff; or

unjrf^e^}pd/p^-^lofrth6:8aid; lii>cat/AchiKaH>'bb for hS they lAc'iror 'll Hiieihii'fPHSh^ fax01! inwnsjpten*jwitHi*ht> eaitl.Lftcai Goreoralmdnt Atifj!of Hifs1 Orjjielr/ or any byelaw which shall be lawfully made under the saitl Ul^iwn^beftjW^ 'l^S't'- jiuKl; : .; -. 1dP?tAct>'/..tr^sfqrrod.i to <thfe j4aMiXio4aLiBbardv 1*ad';"hffiitrs'tfnd ], Jjho, ?»)dIf*pcal Roofed. a«dludl.bQi«f«BcUed; 'ai iib' the(^ httdbeien granted

i, ..)0 I .or^ffpgpped.by^ tb^ fftti) fa&tTinantwneii Acti:«fad''fal)<tbi0tl)QIflb8e^«6e1, tSnrepealed ni b.L]iqpfil.^Lpt) fbid^be.inwriwinafjed with the said Lhohl; Glovernment

I: -.' '>.ii Ai?^, w9Pte«, byi.tliq, wd.JPiptri(ct, , and allp}aoea..wrthia tfee dirttits'hf the said . shollb^ splypct t^itHe.nnrepeoled parts of the said Local -Acb

jjrop^pty and estafe of, the Cpnamiasioheta acting in; : tlve e^ecutloii of the said j |, ., ^ti[Cf} .; A; in.qlnding all rates duly ttiaeeeed. nftdcr he provisions' of the -And Local Act, and not collected at the time of the passing of any Acfcieoiifirming this, present shall fee transferred to the stid Local Board who shall Ihivrc all the powers , for -rc^vpry; of thn , said nneolLe()te<l rates* pbssesfecd by *tho'; sa/h}!iCon<hnssioners ,; , ' befpne , tbp^o4ngaAtj^|i of this* Order, and shall, os near as cifewrtshwiccs will :l; . held by tl)e isiihI Lopnlj J3hard upon- theisome'itnish, *itnii' fot^the same

:As.by puchiPommissioner^.'iii *<*.i -o, -. >i.li >.*: , o. i.-y

4. - - All debts, monies, and securities, fop, n.onety iemibracteil or; p»)Al)lo by kflcli^ Com-

nf,; ninissjonqr^htdl .bc.^Wfied by, .lhp, saW LocnLBdafd oiit ©(lswohjhiWWlofl the s&id .," itnf£Uifyrred'proi)erty, and estate fw , wwld liiwe JjianjchnegenW^tntrtWlfli, if this

Order haid not, bpen. nqadp, nn<j, 4«lU ibe pdid'airdysatidfittliby thAshkb titteal Board as 1>y 8u^jx, pojjwiissionnrs.v.ll:.i, , «'I >. i /. L 'i, oil

5. --Provided aTways, tluvt if surlrproperty and .tstide lie insufiieiCnt for<lwt. purpose, the ^.^fidenijy shall, he charged upon the rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, in flie parts only windy would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order TFacTnot been made, and the rates leviable by the said

- 24 Vict. Bb Local

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 44.

Local Board under the Local Government Act, 1858, may be mortgaged for the purpose of paying off any monies borrowed on mortgage under the powers of the said Local Act, as if such debts had been contracted under the powers of the said Local Government Act.

Given under my Hand this Eleventh day of May 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The parts of the Local Act (45. Geo. 3. cap. 94) herein-before referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; that is to say,

All the sections of the said Act numbered respectively 1 to 22 both inclusive, so much of 23 as relates to Hackney Coaches, and to approval and confirmation of byelaws; so much of section 25 as relates to Hackney Coaches; 26 to 36, both inclusive; 58 to 90, both inclusive; and such part of any unrepealed section as fixes the amount of any penalty fixed by the Local Government Act, 1858; or fixed or to be fixed by any byelaw of the aforesaid Local Board, lawfully made under and by virtue of the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

LUDLOW.

Provisional Ordet repealing d Local Act in force within tire District of the Ludlow Local Board. — Local Government'Act, 1858, Sec.' 77. i !t; /i- I ' .

"Whereas the To>vn Council for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Safop, have duly adopted the Load Government Act, 1858, in and for the said Borough.

Apd whereas the said Town Council, acting as a Local Board under and for the purposes of the said herein-before mentioned Act, have, in, pursuance thereof, presented a Petition to me, a? one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of the Thirty-third year of George the Third, Chapter twenty-five, intituled'* An Act for paving the Footpaths within the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop," and for lighting, watching, and otherwise* improving the said Boroughthe said Local Act being an. Act in force within the said Distinct having relation to the purpose? of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit.

And whereas, after due inquiry into the said Petition, it appears to me to be expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matter, but no suqh Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament. r , /

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as pne of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, do, byr this Provisional Order under ray hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Ait of Parliament confirming this Order — .

1. — The said Local Act shall be repealed. 1

2. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said

Local Act shall be and is hereby transferred to and vested in the said Local Board, and shall be held and applied by the said Local Board for the general purposes of such Local Board.

3. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable by such Com-

, , missioned, shall be satisfied by the said Local Board put of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would "have teen chargeable therewith!, if the .herein-before recited Local Act had not been repealed, and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board as by such Commissioners. ', 1

, 4. — Provided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for the purposes aforesaid, the deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made.

Given under my Hand this Eighteenth day of April 1860., /

I, '; (Signed). Q. C. Lewj

BANBURY.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 44.

193

BANBURY.

Provisional Order for the partial Repeal and Alteration of a Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the District of Banbury, and of the First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the District of Banbury, comprising the Corporate Borough of Banbury and the non-corporate townships, hamlets, or places of Neithrop, Hardwick, Calthorpe, Wickham, anti Easington, in the County of Oxford, and Grimsbury and Nethercote in the County of Northampton (the same being an area co-extensive with the ecclesiastical Parish of Banbury), by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 28th day of July 1851, confirmed by the First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852; and whereas by the 4th Section of the last hereinbefore mentioned Act it is provided," That the rates leviable within the District of Banbury, as constituted by the Order in the Schedule to this Act, under the Public Health Act, 1848, or so much of any Local Act as remains unrepealed by the Provisional Order applying the said Public Health Act within the said District, or any Act incorporated with the said Public Health Act, as applied to the said District by the said Order and this Act, shall not, inclusive of aU highway rates, in any one year exceed in the whole the sum of three shillings and sixpence in the pound upon the net annual value of property assessable thereto within the corporate part of any such District, or the sum of two shillings in the pound upoq the net annual value of property assessable to such rates, or any of them, within the noncorporate part of the said District, except property within the non corporate part of the said Distinct consisting of land used as arable, meadow, or pasture ground only, or as woodlands, market gardens, or nursery grounds, land covered with water, or used only as a canal or towing path for the same, or as a railway constructed under the powers of any Act of Parliament for public conveyance; and as to such excepted property, the rates so leviable, inclusive of all highway rates, shall not in any one year exceed in the whole the sum of sixpence in the pound upon the net annual value of such excepted property.

i}d whereas the provisions contained in the said Section of such Act, so far as the same are applicable to that portion of the non-corporate part of the aforesaid District of Banbury therein mentioned which is situated in the County of Oxford have been found to operate unfairly and oppressively as between the ratepayers of and in such portion who are now by law assessed at the full net annual value of their property, and the ratepayers of and in such portiop who are now by law assessed at one fourth of the full net annual value of their property within the District aforesaid; and whereas the said Local Board of Health have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying that the provisions contained in the Provisional Order applying the Public Health Act, 1848, to the aforesaid District of Banbury, and in the First Public Health Supplemental Act , : 1852, may be partially repealed or altered, and such new provision made as would empower the said Local Board of Health for the time being to levy, throughout the non-corporate parts of such District situate in the County of Oxford, highway rates not exceeding in any one year the sum of one shilling in the pound, and enact that the land and other property in the last herein-before mentioned parts of such District which, by the Provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, are assessable on one-fourth only of the annual value thereof, should not, in any year in which the same should be assessed to any highway rates or rates, be assessed to or liable to the paying of any other rates whatever to be made by the said Local Board.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order pan be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now* therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, f, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional

/» r x B b 2 Order,

tk y<i/1

24'3 WCTOriI 6.44.

Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —,;

The Local Board of Health for the said District shall, and they arq hereby required, when and so often as occasion shell require, to; make and levy, in accordance with the general powers of rating npw vested in the said Board and in conformity with the provisions contained in the 5th and 6th parts of the 37th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and in addition to the several rates and amounts respectively which they are now authorized and empowered to make and levy under and by virtue of the herein-before recited First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, a highway rate or rates not exceeding in any one year the sum of one shilling in the pound upon the full net annual value of all assessable property which is situate within that portion of the non-oorporate part of the said District which lies in the County of Oxford, for the purpose of defraying the costs, charges, and expenses of and incidental to the maintenance and repair of highways in the said portion of the said District; and that such rate or rates so lo be made and levied under and in pursuance of the powers and authorities herein-before contained shall be exclusively used and applied for the purposes aforesaid: Provided always, that when and so often as any highway rate or rates shall in any one year be made and levied under and in pursuance of the powers and authorities herein-before contained, then and so often the said Local Hoard shall not be empowered to assess or levy in such year, under and by virtue of the powers contained in the said First Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, upon thq following species of property within the said portion of the said District; (that is to say,) upon land used as arable, meadow, or pasture ground only, or as woodlands, market gardens, or nursery grounds, land covered with water, or used only as a^ canal, or towing path for the same, or as a railway constructed under the powers kof an Act of Parliament for public conveyance, any rate or rates which the said Hpcjil Board is now empowered to assess and levy upon the said several species of property, under and by virtue of the said powers contained in the lurst Public Health Supplemental Act, 1852, aforesaid.

Given under my Hand, this Eighteenth day of April, 1860.

(Signed) G. Q. Lewis.

BOSTON.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Logoi Acts in force within the District of the Boston Local Board. — Local Government Act, 1853, Sec. 77 *

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, acting as the Local Board in and for the District of Boston, in which the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to the Right Honorable T. Sotheron Estcourt, as one of Hot Majesty's then Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of certain Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said district, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their ow'ri pecuniary benefit; that is to say, 1

An Act passed in the Sixteenth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Twenty-five, intituled " An Act for lighting and watching the streets," lanes, and other public passages and places within the Borough of Boston, in the " County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and " obstructions therein."

An Act passed in the Forty-sixth year of the reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, Chapter forty-one, intituled " An Act for amending and rendering mote effectual (i an Act passed in the Sixteenth year of His present Majesty, for lighting and u watching the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places within the Borough

"of

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 44.

" of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, and for removing and preventing nuisances " therein."

An Act passed in the Thirty-second year of the reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, Chapter eighty, intituled " An Act for better paving, cleansing, and u otherwise improving the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln." And An Act passed in the Forty-sixth year of the reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter forty, intituled " An Act for amending and rendering more effectual " an Act passed in the Thirty-second year of His present Majesty, for better paving," cleansing, and otherwise improving the Borough of Boston, in the County of "Lincoln.'

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order call be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The parts of the said Local Acts specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be .Repealed.

powers, authorities, and duties of the Commissioners for the time being, acting

7tIW/° ' ili Execution of fill'or ariy of the said Local Acts, shall cease; and such of them 1 J ris hrO granted Or imposed by the unrepealed parts of the said Local Acts shall,

] jA IMI1 ' ' so far as they are! not repugnant to, or inconsistent with, the said Local Govern-1 ' , l , ir ' merit Act, or this Order, or any byelaw* which shall be lawfully made under t. (' ' th6/said herein-before last-mentioned Act, be transferred to the said Local 11 Boakl, and the officers and servants of the said Local Board, and shall be exer-

1 1 cised as if they had been granted or imposed by the said last-mentioned Act, and

" '; i; l fof this purpose the unrepealed parts of the said Local Acts shall be incorporated

with the said Local Government Act as adopted by the said Borough, and all places within the limits of the said Borough shall be subject to the unrepealed H parts of the said Local Acts.

3. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said Local Acts shall be transferred to the said Local Board, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board upon the same trusts, and for the same purposes, as by such Commissioners. v 4.^-AU debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable by such Commissioners, shall be satisfied bj^ the said Local Board out of such parts of the said M; i, > t transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this i, .\ Hl Order had not been made, and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board, , t. / by such Commissioners.

, r^rovided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for that purpose, the deficiency shall be charged upon thp rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made.

6. — :If the office of clerk to the Commissioners acting in execution of all or any of the said Local Acts shall by reason of the transfer of the powers of the said Commis-M[:, jt Sonera to the said Loqal Board, be superseded, or if the said clerk shall at any time within the space of three yesyrs next after the passing of an Act confirming ^, {j Ml (! this; Ordpr, except for misconduct, be removed from such office, and not be ju; i; (eprployed and retained in an office of equal value by the said Local Board, the said clerk shall be entitled to have an adequate compensation for the profits, Jf{. and emoluments of the said office, the said compensation to be by way of

I, Ar. annuity pr otherwise, and to be assessed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's

M; 3?re^ury, upo^q the report of, the said Local Board, to be made within three ^fter a<ny such person shall have been superseded in his office, founded upon a declaration made by such person, setting forth the salary, profits, and

emoluments

w&m 9* 44

emoluments derived by him and his predecessors for every year during a period of five years next before the day when he shall have ceased to hold such office, and such other evidence as the said Local Board may require as, to the:amount, nature, and particulars of such profits, and in assessing the same regard shall be had to the manner of his appointment to such office, and his, term therein; and the said Local Board shall, from time to time, pay to the persoq entitled to compensation out of general district rates the money which shall, upon such report, and any appeal or reclamation against the same, be finally awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, as the same shall become dqe and be payable.

Given under my hand, this Eighteenth day of April 1860. v

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The parts of the Local Acts herein-before referred to in this Order to be repealed are /as follows; that is to say,

All the sections of the Boston Lighting and Watching Act, 16 George 3. c. 25., save and except the sections respectively numbered 12 and 24., .

All the sections of the amended Boston Lighting and Watohing Act, 4j6, )G; eorge 3. c. 41., save and except section 1., , , ' i.

All the sections of the Boston Paving Act, 32 George 3* c. 80., save pnd except the sections respectively numbered 12 and 34. t

And all the sections of the amended Boston Paving Ant ,; 46 George 3* p. 4Q, save/and except section 9.

PENRITH.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Penrith J^ocal Boa$d of Health.

— Local Govern7ne#ti Act, 1858.., , J

Whereas, by an Order of Her most Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date the Twenty-fifth day of June 1851, the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the Parish of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and the said Parish was thereby constituted a District under that Act.

And whereas the Local Board of Health of the said District have borrowed under that Act, and with the authority of the General Board of Health, various sums to defray, the expense of works for sewering, and supplying water to, the said District, which said sums at the time the borrowing of them was sanctioned nearly equalled the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under that Act within the District which the said works were intended to benefit, but were not sufficient to defray the cost of completing the works for the purposes aforesaid.

And whereas the said Local Board of Health have, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to borrow and reborrow on mortgage of the rates leviable by the said Board under the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum or sums not exceeding in the whole one year and a quarter's assessable value of the property assessable within the aforesaid District; the said sum or 6uras to be repaid within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

And ^whereas, after due inquiry and report by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, it appears expedient that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power vested in me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by the said Local Government Act, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct as follows

That

23" & 24° V'lG'PORI 3Z, c. 44.

That from imd after the posing of any Act of I^arii^ confirihingthis present Order, — ': 1 1, 1 ': '

The Local B6arU of' Health 'For the District off Penrith, iii the County of Cumberland, shall have power and authority tb borrow Or re-botrow, for the purposes aforesaid, on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the 'Public Health, Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, an amount not exceeding in the"whole one* year and a quarter's assessable value of the property, assessable within the said District of Penrith, under the aforesaid Acts (the sum of 11, 498/. already borrowed by them under the Public Health Act, 1848, being taken as part of the said amount of one year and a quarter's assessable value), the said entire amount to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my Hand this Eighteenth day of April 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

BARNSLEY.

* Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Barnsley Local Board of Health.

— Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the Ninth day of November 1852, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1853 (No. 1), Public ' Health Act ,; 1848, was duly applied to the TowAship of Barnsley, in the County of York, and the said Township was thereby constituted a District under that Act.

And whereas the said Local Board have borrowed under that Act, and with the authority of the General Board of Health, sums, amounting in the whole to Twenty-nine thousand four hundred Pounds, to defray the expense of a portion of the works for supplying water to the said District, and for other works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Act, which said sums nearly equal the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under that Act within such District, but are not sufficient to defray the remainder of the cost of the aforesaid works of water supply, add of works for the sewerage of such District.

WhbrcnsHhc said Board have now, dndef the authority Of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of tier Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow or re-borrow for such works, on mortgage of the rates leviable %y tjvO1 aforesaid- Local Board of Health under, the powers Of the PuSic Health Act, 1848, a^the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum or sums which shall not exceed in the whole Wo gears' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which

fh s^im or sums may borrowed or re-borrowed, sych sum or sums, to be repaid within a iOd/oFfifty years.

And1 whereas after due inquiry and report by William Ranger, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be but-the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct as follows: —

That from and, aft^r the passing of an^ Act of Parliament confirming this present Order- ' ? ] ...11, 1 ' '

Jo

io b\r, '

J.^TEe Local $6ariJ of .Health %r the District, of the Township of Barnsley, in the onlr* .Opbnty of York, shall have power and authority to, borrow or to re-borrow, for the m ^execution and completion of the aforesaid works within such District, and on mort''Tl v ' gage of the hates leviable by 1 hem under the aforesaid* Acts, an amount not exceeding . in the whole two years'assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts

/, j [within ', the aforesaid District, to, be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period M M ef figy years from the (Tate of the borrowing thereof. t / ,

If .:, *. q tiand this Eighteenth day of April 1860.

Mr*fin ri^rt f '> '* ' " r V ' (Signed) h ' ' G. C. Lewis.

ififrojsr/o*? I »> , 4 . l. \ . A m -r< . - / *. f . *. i.j r i - . i, .,

j -1A

C.J 1 '/It

miT

SHIPLEY.

199

2.V.& 24"'V!ICTOHUE;

8 & 9 Vict. c. 26.

,; ' . 1 sHirLEY. ': :*; -V l; 1

Provisional Order for extending the' Borrowing Powers of the Shipley Local Fo ird ef Healthy

— Local Government Act, 1858. 1 " / .

f t jWhcrcas, Vy an. Order of Her roost Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date tbp Twfenty-r first day of February 1853, the Public Iloalth Act, 1848, was duly applied to the Hpvijghip of (Shipley, in the Parish of Bradford, in the County of York, find the, said fJ\jwnshiprW/19 t thereby constituted.^ District under thfit Act .; , t f n

- Amd wdiercas the Local Board of Health of the said District have borrowed; under that! Act, and under the Shipley AYaterworks and Police Act, 1854, sums amounting in the whole to Twenty-nine thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the expense of a portion, of the works for sewering, and supplying water to, the said District, which said sums at the time the borrowing of them was sanctioned equalled the assessable value fur oue year of the premises assessable under that Act \yithiu such District, and the arpount authorized by the second herein-before cited Act to be borrowed, but such sums were not sufficient to defray the cost of completing the works for the purposes aforesaid.

And whereas the said Local Board have, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for power to borrow or re-borrow, for pr oh account of such works of sewerage and water supply, a further auui or sums, not exceeding in the whole two yearskass^apahli, value of the premises assessable within such District; and whereas the sai<J further suip py sums are proposed to be repaid within a period of fifty years from the d^te of the borrowing thereof., ' . f

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Alfred Dickens/Esquire, the Inspect^ appointed for the purpose, it appears expedient that the prayer of such Petition should, to the-extent herefin-after set forth and described, be granted; but- the same cannot be (fane without the consent of Parliament* <: 7/, >; i /;

Nw, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in; me, as om of .Umf Majesty V Principal Secretaries of State, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my H^pdjdtreot as follows:*-- i; . 1 -'in v I

That from and after1 the passing of any Act 4>f Parliament confirming this< present Order —)

The Local Board of Health for the District of Shipley, in the County of York, shall have power and authority to borro^v or re borrow, for the execution and eoknpletiW of works of sewerage And water supply within such District, on mortgage of tb^ mtcy leviable by them tinder the Lock! Government Act, 1838, an amount not exceeding lit the whole Five thousand Pourids, oVer and above the amount already borrowed bjy thd said Local Board, the said amount to be repaid, with interest thereon, within U period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof. 1; v

Given under my Hand this Eighteenth day of April 1860i *1

(Signed), Gr. Ck DkwiB*1

Cap. xlv. v \:; \v:c, .

An Act to extend th6 Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Victoria, Chapter Twenty-six, for preventing fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish bjf Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS by the Act Eighth and Ninth Victoria, 'Chapter Twenty-six, ihtitriled 4 ' An Act to prevent fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the River *

and Waters in Scotland, Provision is made ft>r preventing the Destruction of !Trotft and other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the Rivers, Waters, and Lochs of Scotland: Aild 6 whereas there are various other Ways by which Trout and other Fresh-Wat or Fish may

be

(m& 24° VICTORIA, £. 45. WJ

i be destroyed which have not yet been declared illegal:1 Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords SpiritkkLafcd Temporal, and Gommoos, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same: - \ \ *>

11^liitJ^shidrpot be lawful W any Person whatsoever, (except as herein-after provided,) Fishing for at any ^ime after the j>b§sihgj of £his Act. to fish for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish in Trout, &c. by any'RlVeV, Witter, or Loch in Scotland, with any Net of nny Kind or Description, or by S^inany etS> what isr known as Double Rod Pishing, or Cross Line Fishing, or Set Lines, or Otter Rivers, &c. in Failing, br Burning the Winter, or by striking the Fish with any Instrument, or by Pointing, Pro-

of iojmfc into the Water Lime or any other Substance destructive to Trout or other Fresh- 1 e witter Fish witjh Intent to destroy, the same; and if any Person shall wilfully take, fish for, or attbinpt to take, or aid and assist in taking or fishing for, or attempting to take or fish for, in or from kny such River, Water, or Loch, any Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by or with any Net of any Kind or Description, or by Double Rod Fishing, or Cross Line Fishing, or by Set Lines, or Otter Fishing, or by Burning the Water, or striking the Fish with any Instrument, or by Pointing, or by putting into the Water Lime or any other Substance destructive to Trout or other Fresh-water Fish with Intent to destroy the same, such Person shall forfeit and pa^y any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, besides forfeiting the Penalty. Tf^iut oriFish taken, and also every Boat or Net, Tackle, Instrument, or other Article in or by which the same may have beeri taken or attempted to be taken, and shall also pay the full Exbettse^ jit' the Conviction: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Nothing to pre-Pbrabix having the Right to fish in any River, Water, or Loch in Scotland, or any Person having Permission freup such Person, from exercising the Right of fishing in such River, a^uffisL Lbch in anyJ Mtide not prohibited by Law prior to the passing of this Act.

"If. If duy Person shall trespass tipon any Ground, enclosed or tmenclosed, or in or upon Penalty for any River, Water, or Loch, with Intent to take any Trout or other Fresh-water Fish, with trespassing on Bdilble Rod, Cross Line, Set Line, or Otter, or by Burning the Water, or by River [oUfish°r Fiidi1 with ttny Inurnment, or by Pointing, or to destroy the Fish by putting with Net, &c. Lime or other Substance destructive to Trout or other Fresh-water Fish into the Water,

iRergoii fehall''forfOit: andf pay ' a !<Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

; 7 , : f \ j :! -, i (*<*; *, i 1 >1! i -! ". ' 1

toULrlt shall be lawful for, any Person, having the Authority of the Proprietor of Land Power toPer-tfcwwgbfcr past which the River or Water flows or upon which the Lochia wholly or partially sons haying situate, tO/aeize and detain any Boat er Net of any Description, Double Rod, Cross Line, ^Sze Roats, 0 Set liirie, or Otter, or Materials for Burning the Water, or Instruments for striking Nets, &c. used the, Fish, orfar Pointing, or Lime or other Substance destructive to Trout or other Fresh- Commission water Fish, used or intended to be used in the Commission of any such Offence, and also 0 ences* any Fish taken by any such Oftbnder> and to give Information thereof to the Sheriff or Jugtioe iQf the Peace.

IV. All Justices of the Peace shall and may act in the Execution of this Act notwith- Justices who standing that such Justices shall be the Proprietors of Land through or past which any are Proprietors River or Water may flow, or upon which any Loch may be wholly or partially situated, or qualified from shall otherwise have a Right of Trout or Fresh-water Fishing in any such River, Water, or acting.

Loch, except in Cases in which the Offence has been committed on the Property of such Justice, or in which such Justice is a Party to the Prosecution of the Case, or is directly fotenwfted the Result thereof; antPfad such Proprietor or Party having Right as aforesaid ^llf^dnqo^petotit asa Witness to prove apy Offence committed against this Act by reason jtfj tKts jbe?ng\su<?h Proprietor or having such Right.

b >lVW; And for the Recovery of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, be it For the Re-enacted, That any such Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by summary Proceeding covery of upod Complaint in Writing made by the Procurator Fiscal or by any Party prosecuting for lcnalties-Jkhtf satire to the Sheriff i>r any Justine of the Peace for the County in which such Offence X/vi Sta'-ft-iSAVICT* i . C c shall

od 1

L.

209 i!230'&»24»VICT^iifirc./4i-

shall be committed, or to the Sheriff or 4ny Justice of the Peace for any Cobirity in which the-Offender maybe found, and on such Complaint such Sheriff or Justice of the Peacie shall issue a Warrant for bringing the Party complained against immediately before him, pr shall issue an Order requiring such Party to appear at a TirtieaAdvPlaoi to - ' be named in such Order; and every such Order shall be sorted on the Partly: oom" plained against by any County Officer, either by delivering to such Party personally or by leaving with some Inmate at his usual Place of Abode a Copy of such Order, and of the Complaint whereon the same has proceeded; and either upon the Appearance or the Default to appear of the Party complained against it shall be- lawful for the Sheriff or Justice to proceed to the hearing of the Complaint; and upon Proof of the Offence, and without any written Pleadings or Record of Evidence, to convict the Offender, and upon such Conviction to decern, adjudge, and sentence him to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and the Expenses attending the Conviction, and to grant Warrant for imprisoning him until such Penalty or Forfeiture and Expenses shall be paid: Provided always, that such Warrant shall specify the Amount of such Penalty or Forfeiture and Expenses, and shall also specify a Period at the Expiration of which the Party shall be discharged, notwithstanding such Penalty or Forfeiture and Expenses shall not have been paid, and which Period shall in no Case exceed Two Months; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Justice to make such Orders concerning the immediate Disposal of any Boat, Net, Double ^Roth Cross- Lipe, Set Line, or Otter, or Materials for Burning the Water, or Instruments for striking the Fish, or for Pointing, or Lime or other Substance destructive to Trout or other Fne^h* water Fish, or Fish seized or forfeited under the Provisions of this. Act, as may ibe necessary. 1 ' '

Power to ap- VI. It shall be lawful for any Person who shall think himself aggrieved by any Judgmbnt of the Sheriff or Justice of Peace pronounced in any Case arising tinder this Act to appeal c. 49. from the same to the next Circuit Conrt of Justiciary, or, where there are ntf Circuit Courts,

to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the Manner and by and under the Rules, 1 Limitations, Conditions, and Restrictions contained in an Act passed in the Twentieth* Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for taking away and abolishing Heritable Jurisdiction in Scotland, with this Variation, that such Person shall, in placebo? finding Caution in the Terms prescribed by the said Act, be bound to find Oatition to 'pay the Penalty or Forfeiture and Expenses awarded against him by the Sentence appealed*from in the event of the Appeal being dismissed or not insisted in, together with any additional Expenses that may be awarded by the Court on deciding or dismissing the Appeal; and it shall not be competent to appeal from or bring the Judgment of any Sheriff 6r Justice of Peace acting in the Execution of this Act under Review, by Advocatjrcnv or Suspension or by Reduction, or in any other Way than as herein provided.

Application of VII. All Penalties and Forfeitures imposed under the Authority of this, Agt sL*l)> 'tyfyen Penalties. levied, be paid, the one Half thereof to the Prosecutor and the other Half to the jpspeqtac of the Poor of the Parish within which the Offence shall Lave been comn^ted, r 9ft of such Poor.

Limitation of VIII. No Prosecution or other Proceeding whatever shall be brought or commenced Actions. against any Person for any Offence against this Act, unless the same shall be commenced within Three Months after such Offence shall have been committed. { n *1L

Interpretation IX. The Words " River/' " Water/' or u Loch '* occurring in this Act shall ihieah inti of Terms. include any Stream, Burn, Millpool, Mill-lead, Milldam, Sluice, Pond, Cut; Cabal hnjtf Aqueduct, and every other Collection 6r Run of Water in which'Trouts and other 'FrditiJ water Fish breed, haunt, or are found or preserved; the Word fc Sheriff*' shall ftiean the Sheriff or Steward of the County in which the Offence happens or Case1 arises, ' ahdihiM include the Sheriff-Substitutes of such Sheriffs; the Expression "Justice of the Peace"* shall mean a Justice of the Peace of the County in which the Offence happens bi* Catee arises; and the Expression " County Officer" shall mean and include Sheriff's Office^ Constable, or any Officer of the County Police Force. > r -r;

i. Nothirtk

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c/45, 46. 001

X. Nothing herein contained shall affect any Act of Parliament* General or Local, passed Saving the for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland, or in relation to the fishing of Salmon or Fish of the Salmon Kind in Scotland. Fisheries.

XL Nothing herein contained shall affect or apply to the killing of Trout or other Fresh- Saving the water Fish with Single Rod and Line which shall be regulated by the Laws in existence prior to the passing of this Act. with Single

Rod.

t J; '

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Caledonian md Crinan Canals.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS the following Acts were passed for the Purpose of making and keeping

in repair or otherwise regulating and improving the Caledonian and Crinan Canals;

that is to say, the Acts Forty-third George the Third, Chapter One hundred and two; f Forty-foUrth George the Third, Chapter Sixty-two; Sixth George the Fourth, Chapter

Fifteen; Third and Fourth Victoria, Chapter Forty-one; Thirty-third George the Third, i Chapter One hundred and four; Thirty-ninth George the Third, Chapter Twenty-seven;

Thirty-ninth George the Third, Chapter Seventy-one; Forty-fifth George the Third, ' Chapter Eighty-five; Fifty-first George the Third, Chapter One hundred and seventeen; c Fifty-sixth George the Third, Chapter One hundred and thirty-five; Third and: Fourth

William the Fourth, Chapter Thirteen; Eleventh and Twelfth Victoria* Chapter Fift^ %four* and Tjwqnty and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Twenty-seven: And whereas by i the; said Act Eleventh and Twelfth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-four, the Commissioners ' of; the Caledonian Canal were'incorporated, and the Caledonian Canal and the Crinan ' gsnal were vested in the Commissioners: And whereas it is expedient that the subsisting \ Pp^vera of the recited Acts relating to the said Canals should be amended and enlarged,

and.that further Powers should be conferred on the Commissioners for the Maintenance,

Mwagpment, $nd Regulation of the said Canals:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most l^xqeUppt Majesty, by and with the Advice and 'Consent of the Lords Spiritual and T^pp/nl* and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of t^e same, as follows: m

43 G. 3. c. 102.

44 G. 3. C. 62.

6 G. 4. c. 15.

3 & 4 Vict.

c. 41.

33 G. 3. C. 104. 39 G. 3.C. 27. 39 G. 3.C. 71.

45 G. 3. c. 85. 51 G. 3. C. 117. 56 G. 3. c, 1354 3 & 4 W. 4.

c. 13.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 54.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 27.

[Short Title.]

"L Thfe Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Caledonian and Crinan Canals Amendment Act, 186OJ

II. The following Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to Interpretation them; that is to say, the Expression " the Canals shall mean and include the whole Navi- of Terms, gations of the Caledonian Canal and the Crinan Canal, and all the Harbours, Wharfs, Quays,

Basins, and other Works connected therewith respectively; and the Expression " the Commissioners" shall mean the* Commissioners of the Caledonian Canal, incorporated by the recited Act Eleventh and Twelfth Victoria, Chapter Fifty-four.

III. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845/' so far as not altered by this 8 & 9 Vict. Act, is hereby incorporated with this Act, and shall apply to the Canals, with the Exception c-l8* *noo, w of (the ^lapses with rqspect to the following Matters; that is to say, with Tespect to the porate Purphpsfe and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement; with respect to the Entry Upon. Lands by the Promoters of the Undertaking; with respect to small Portions of tntprspeted Land; and with respect to Lands acquired by the Promoters of the Undertaking but, which shall not be required far the Purposes thereof; and the Expression "the Promoters of the Undertaking '' in the said Act shall mean the Commissioners under

thkAtf-

IV. " The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847/' so far as not altered by this Act, isjhereby 10 & n Vict. incorporated with this Act, with the Exception of the Clauses with respect to the following c* 16J?cor"

Cq 2 Matters; pora

10 & 11 Vict. c 27. incorporated.

Commissioner* authorized to maintain the Canals.

Power to allow Use of W ater to Manufactories and Works on the Sides of the Canals.

W & m V|p, Tfl$LpE, ?. 4<>.

Matters; that is to say, rwith respect to the Qualification of Commissioners; with respect fo! the Election and Rotation of the Commissioners, where the Commissioners aft! to lie elected by the Ratepayers, or other like Class of Electors; with respect to fh<J Met tilths and other Proceedings of the Commissioners, and their Liabilities; and with respect; 'td/the Accounts to, be kept by the Commissionets; and also with the Exception of Section; Eighty-fottr; rind ttie Word " Commissioners v in the sirtid Act shall mean the Commissioners tntflel* this Act. 1 ' ' ' ' '* ' ' "J 1 :; :11 '*>- ]I

1 ' 1* ' - 1 ' ' ' ' 1 - .* j. ill, v/

; /iV. " The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses'Act, 1847/' so far as not altered; byJtlft Act, is hereby incorporated with thh* Act, and shall apj>ly to, the Canal^vith, the Exception of the CluO$es with re$pect to the following Matters; that As to eay, with, re$pe£t tQi the Construction of the Harbour, Dock, or Pier 3 with, respect to the Construction , of .Works for the .Accommodation. of the Officers of Customs; with respect fco LifeRosits; with respect to keeping a Tide and Weather Gauge; and with rcrpcct to the Police <o(f the Harbour, Dock, or Pier; and also with the Exception of Sections Twenty-five and Twjepty-six; and the Expression " the Harbour, Dock, or Pier," in the said Act shall* m6nh the Canals under this Act; and the Expression u the Undertakers in the said Act* shall mean the Commissioners under this Act; and the Word " Harbour Master" in the said Act shall extend to and include "Lock Keeper, "

VI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, to suppOrly maintain, and improve, and to use the Canals, together <with all Harbours, Basins, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, Feeders, Water Tanks, Feus, Dams, Embank *

Irients, Weirs, Locks, Sluices, Culverts, Drains, Soughs, Tunnels, Arches, Piers, Bridges, hmks, Fences, Ways, Roads, Towing Paths, Landing Places, Docks, Quays. ^Ynarfi*! Warehouses, Tpolhouses, Houses, and other Buildings, Cranes, Weighing Marines, Engines, and other Works and Appurtenances to the Canals respectively belonging" or in anywise appertaining, and to do and perform all such Acts as the Commissioners piialt think expedient for maintaining, repairing, improving, and supporting the Canals a ml the Appurtenances belonging thereto, and for the full Use and Enjoyment .thorecif; /find it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to widen and enlarge the Canals.and theiWerkh thereto belonging, rind to raise the Banks or sink the Bed of the Canals* in such iPlacfe>or Places and in such Way and Manner as the Commissioners shall think Tit, for making the same not less than Ten Feet and not more than Twenty Feet Depth of Wateir* and this Act/ shall be sufficient to indemnify the Comitiifetioners, and their Deputies, ! Servants, Agents, and Workman, and all other Persons Whomsoever, for what they or: any, of thenk shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted; subject, nevertheless, to the ProvisioWs and Restrictions herein contained: Provided always; that nothing herein contained ehdit ennoble the Commissioners to purchase or take riny Lands or Grounds fori any of thO Purposes aforesaid without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds.

VII. The Twenty-second Section of the recited Act, Forty-fourth. George the Third, Chapter Sixty-two, is hereby repealed, and henceforth it shall be lawful for; the Cpwfyis-sioners to license or grant Permission to all Persons who already have (erected or may hereafter erect and establish any Manufactory, Distillery, or other Works near t?o the (janals or either of them to lay Pipes (of such Size and Dimensions as the Commissioners shall think proper) through the Banks thereof, for conducting the Water therefrom to, such Manufactory, Distillery, or other Work, for the Purposes thereof; and all such Pipes shall be placed, at the /Sight and under the Direction and tiupeiantendenpc of the Commissioners, in such Way and Manner as the Commissioners shall direct and appoint, so os pot to weaken or endanger the Banks of the Canals, and shall be so laid, and the Works they are intended to serve so constructed and situated, that the Level of the Surface Water of the Canals shall not at any Time be affected thereby, and that the Wafer, after serving, the Purposes of such Works, shall be returned into the Canals, or into the Rivers, Streams, or Watercourses adjacent thereto or communicating therewith, and free fropi any Mud or Impurity which may be injurious thereto; and no Person shall lay any such Pipe into the Canals or cither of them without a previous Order in Writing of, the Compnpsioners, ^yho shall and may from .Time to Time establish such other Rules and Regulations as they, shall think

tjfiiik (|V' fpc' the . am homed to be

& 24J 4.46.

-1: f; i . .<'*'* i ': I, ' > > ' .

Supply in particular Cases, and ^he proper Uso of the Water hereby given for the Purposes aforesaid, (the same not being contrary to the J^w, may remove every Pipe laid without their .Consent , :^nd stop, or cp^jpffi tfl^fSfipply{ of Water to any such. JVJfanu factory ^Distillery, or other Work in or for >y^ipli Jh£, £amq, sh»U not be used agreeably to this Act or such Rules and Regulations; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to provide in any Licence or Agreement to pv with any such Persons suitable Penalties for the Infringement of the said Pules and R^iiliitfons, not Exceeding Ten Pdunds Sterling for each Offence, and nbt <Exce<*ding Five Pounds Sterling for each Day during which the Infringement of such Rules and Regulations Shall continue after Notice shall have been given to the Person or Persons so offendingt6 aha*e:6r; l^movC the same: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the Commfesrbhers to diminish the Streams by which the Salmon have Ingress into the Loch Locluj, tHc Lochf &ick, mid the Loch Nets. '

It shall be lawful fop, the Q ommissiQuers, when and as often as they shall thinic proper, ito run off the Water from the Canids or either of them, for the Purpose of repairing the same, or any Part thereof respectively, or for any other Purpose whatsoever, and in case of a Scarcity or apprehended Scarcity of Water for the Purposes of the Canals or either of them, to stop the Supplies to the said Manufactories, Distilleries, and other Works, withdhtf'giving any Notice to the Proprietors or Occupiers thereof, and without being liable for any/Daniage any such Proprietor or Occupier may suffer or pretend to suffer by being thereby deprived of th^ Use of such Water.

I^wySrt sbal^ be lawful for the Commissioners to enclose with Walls or .pther Pences anil locked Q^tes, with Reepers placed thereon for opening and shutting the same, such of the saict Quays or Wharfs, or Parts thereof, as the Commissioners may think fit, and to exclude |ropi the said Quays or Wharfs so to be enclosed all and every Person or Persons who may not h^ve business to transact within the said enclosed Quays or Wharfs.

1 mX; From and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Coauaiesionets to demand, lake, and recover the fallowing Rates and Duties; that is to say, .!

K'On dll <Joods; whatever navigated or?conveyed along either of; the Canals or any Part mu liHdreof irUspebtiVdy, a Duty not exceeding Threepence per Ton per Mile; or on all . :m Vessels so riavigatedi or conveying such, Goods along the Canals or either of them^< >OF -ii any'Port therteof respectively, a Duty not exceeding Twopence per Mile for every i Too Burden of such Vessels respectively, according to thOir, respective Registers or

- 11 Measurements:

On all light Vessels without a Lading, or in Ballast only, so navigated, a Duty not

- icxbeeding: One Penny per Mile for every Ton Burden of such Vessels respectively; according to theii^ respective Registers or Measurements:

, On every Vessel lying in any of the Harbours and Basins on the Line of the Canals or ' 'either of thein, a Duty trot exceeding Sixpence per Tori:

Oh O^erV Tori of Timber lying in any Part of the Canals or either of them, a 'Duty not' 1 e^ededing Fourpence per Ton per Month and iti the sarrie Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, or for a longer or shorter Time than a Month:

On all Passengers, Animals, and Carriages shipped or unshipped in the Canals or either ' of them, and on all (roods landed or put into Lighters from or loaded into Vessels lying in' the Canais or either of them; or any Part thereof respectively, the Duties not exceeding the several Rates specified in the Schedule (A.) to this Act. annexed; and 1 og all Vessels so landing or receiving on board Such Passengers, Animals, Carriage's; or Goods a Duty not exceeding Twopence for every Ton Burden of such Vessels °{' respectively, according to their respective Registers or Measurements: 1

1 Ok every Ton of Goods and Commodities remaining above Twenty-four Hours upon anV ;"n(o^the Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places, or at any Place on the Line of the Canals n' or either of them, a Duty not exceeding One Penny per Ton per Day, and in the same Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton: f On every Passenger conveyed along either of the Canals or any Part thereof respectively i; aDrity not exceedittg^Two Shillings and Sixpence for any One Passage:

; Uii; On

.>' 1 i /. "I >'* 1 J

Power to Commissioners to mn off the Water from the Canals, and stop the Supplies to such Woricj.

Power to enclose Quays and Wharfs.

Power to levy Rates and Duties as herein named.

Power to Commissioners to make Docks, &c.

Power to levy Rates on Vessels using Docks as in Sched. (B.)

Power to levy Rates for Sheds and Warehouses.

Power to levy Rates for Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Lights, as in Sched. (C.)

Rates to be charged

equally.

Mode of charging Ratea

Materials for Repairs exempt from Duty.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 46.

On all Horses and Cattle conveyed along either of the Canals or any Part, thereof respectively, a Duty not exceeding One Shilling per Head:

Qn all Sheep, Hogs, Goats, Calves, or Lambs conveyed along either of the Qaruda or

, any Part thereof respectively, a Duty not exceeding Sixpence per Head: - , j >

On ail parcels not exceeding Fifty-six Pounds in Weight conveyed aloing (either of the (Canals, or any Part thereof respectively, a Duty not exceeding Threepence for each such Parcel: '

The said Rates and Duties to be levied agreeably to such Orders, and Rcgidarions, as shall from Time to Time be issued by the Commissioners.

XI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, out of the Rates by this Act authorized to be levied, or of any Monies to be borrowed by them on the Security thereof^ or o3f any other Funds at their Disposal, to defray the Expense of making and maintaining ^uch Graving and other Docks or Tidal Basins, Quays, Wharfs, and Patent or other Slips, for the Accommodation or Repair of Vessels, as they may think it expedient to make and maintain, on Lands belonging to the Commissioners, or on or in connexion with the Canals or either of them.

XII.It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to levy and receive at every such Graving Dock or Patent Slip made and maintained as last aforesaid such Rates on Vessels using the same as the Commissioners may from Time to Time deem expedient, not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed.

XIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to levy on and in respect of all Goods placed or stored in the Sheds or Warehouses erected or to be erected by them, such Rates cis the Commissioners may from Time to Time deem expedient, and the Commissioners shall have all the same Rights and Remedies for recovering such Rates as are given to them by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith, or by the recited Acts or any of then% in reference to the Rates thereby made payable.

XIV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to levy, for and in respect of the Use of

Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Lights, such Rates as the Commissioners may from Time to Time deem expedient, not exceeding the Rates specified in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed; and such Rates shall be paid by the Owner of the Goods, or by the Owner, Agent, Master, Consignee, or other Person in charge of the Vessels using the said Cranes, Weighing Machines, or Lights.

XV. All Rates and Tolls levied and taken under the Powers of this Act shall at all Times be charged equally to all Persons, and after the same Rate, whether per Top, jot, per Ton per Mile, or otherwise, in respect of all Passengers, and of all Goods of the samp Description and passing over the same Portion of the Canals or either of them, upcier same Circumstances, and no Reduction or Advance in any such Rates and Tolls shall be made, either directly or indirectly, in favour of or against any particular Company or Persons travelling upon or using the Canals or either of them.

XVI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, in levying the Rates and Duties under

the Powers of this Act or of any of the recited Acts, to apportion the same as the Commissioners may from Time to Time deem expedient, and to charge such Rates and Duties partly on and iti respect of Vessels entering or using either of the Canals, and either according to the registered or actual Measurement of such Vessels, and partly on and in respect of the Goods contained in such Vessels: Provided always, that all such Rates and Duties shall in the first place be paid by the Masters of the Vessels, who shall have full Power and Authority to recover from the Owners of the Cargo the Rates and Duties Which may have been charged thereon, in as full and ample Manner as the Commissioners could do under the Powers conferred upon them by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith, or by any of the recited Acts. }

XVII. None of the Rates or Duties granted by this Act or by any of the recited Acts shall be leviable upon Vessels> Stone, Lime, or other Materials to be. used in the Conetruo-

tion

m

23° & 24° yj)QT, 9R[iE, c. 46.

.tion or Repairs of the Cauals or either of them, or of the Harbours, Wharfs, Quays, or other Wbrics eonnbcted therewith.

j&Wllt. Thd Fifty-first Section of the recited Act of the Forty-fourth George the Third, Chapter SixtyLt\vo, ifc hereby repealed; and henceforth no Vessel shall pass singly through fc&jjr WHhd L&cfcs of the Cakdmi&h Cafial of lefcs BuMen than ^'wenty-frve Tons, or 4h*$ugh atiy of the Locks of the Crinm Cdnal of less Burden than Eighteen Tons, without the Consent of the Commissioners or some One of their Officers in Writing first had and bbfdineid, and mdess the Owner or Master of such Vessel shall pay Tobnage equal to a Vessel of Twenty-five Tons or of Eighteen Tons, as the Case may be.

XtX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to use and employ Vessels, and to carry and convey along the Canals all such Passengers and Goods as shall be offered to them for that Purpose, and to make such Charges in respect thereof as they may from Time to Time determine upon, and they shall have all the same Rights and Remedies for recovering the same as are given to them by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith, or by any of the recited Acts in reference to the Tolls, Rates, and Duties thereby made payable.

XX. In addition to the Powers of making Byelaws contained in any of the Acts incorporated herewith* the Commissioners may, subject to the Provisions of this Act, from Time to .Time make such Byelaws as they shall think fit for all or any of the following Purposes; (that'is to say,)

For regulating the Conduct of the Owners, Masters, Pilots, and Crews of Vessels with i Jregardto their Times and Speed of sailing, the Mode of navigating such Vessels, the *'>4 fhAving proper Lights ahead or otherwise, the taking on board and landing or putting out f!i Passengers and towing of Vessels, and the Size and Number of Vessels towed at one y f . Time in One Train:

nr Bor!regulating the Conduct of Boatmen and others plying on the Canals or either of them, in landing Passengers from and putting theni on board 6f Vessels:

And. the Byelaws and Regulations to be so made by the Commissioners shall be observed lti^dor, such Penalties as are provided by the said Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, fttSrexceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for each Offence.

XXI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, 'to license, appoint, and regulate Pilots employed in the Navigation of Vessels in the Canals or either of them, and the Channels leading thereto respectively, and to remove and j<jlispla$e them at Pleasure, and to fix the Rate of Pilotage to be paid to such Pilots.

XXII. *The Commissioners shall not be liable or responsible for Accident, Loss, or Dttmage which may arise to any Vessel or to the Cargo thereof in consequence of the Sfaapl^toenfc of any Pilot licensed by the Commissioners, but the Pilot so employed shall bd ilsWerable for any wilful or culpable Neglect or Mismanagement.

XXIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to borrow suck Sums of Money as the Commissioners shall think necessary, in addition to any Sum of Money they are at presOUt authorized to borrow under former Acts, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, 1 oh the Security of the Canals and the Tolls and Rates leviable under this Act and ihy^of the recited Acts, and to grant and execute Mortgages or Assignations of the Canals kid of the sitid Tolls and Rates, in Security of the Payment of the Money so borrowed and mr lutetest thereon. 1

il XXIV. Jfa shall be lawful for the Public Works Loon Commissioners, if they in their Discretion*shall think fit, to advance and lend to the Commissioners from Time to Time any Sutnor Sums of , Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds on the Security of the Canals, and the Tolls and Rates leviable under this Act and any of the recited Acts, and to accept and take from the Commissioners Mortgages or Assignations of the Canals, and of TtSls' and Rates, in Security of the Payment of the Money so advanced and lent, thcteon: Protided that the* Monies to be borrowed by the Commissioners noil under

Repeal of 44 G. 3. c. 62. s.51. Vessels under 25 or 18 Tons not to pass Locks unless they pay for 25 or 18 Tons.

Commissioners may employ Vessels and carry Passengers and Goods.

Byelaws.

Power to license Pilots.

Responsibility of Pilots.

Power to borrow Money on the Security of the Rates.

Power to Public Works Loan Commissioners to lend Money to the Commissioners.

Application of Rates and Monies borrowed.

Protection of Persons lending Money under this Act.

Power to Commissioners to purchase Land not exceeding 50 Acres.

Superfluous Lands may be disposed of.

Commissioners empowered to grant or lease the Canals for a Term of Years.

Upon Execution of Grant or Lease the Powers of Commissioners to cease.

Commissioners may lease the Rates and Duties.

Commissioners may grant Annuities to their Officers.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 46.

under the Provisions of this Act from the said Public Works, Loan Commissioners, and from any other Person, Company, or Corporation, shall not in the whole exceed the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

XXV. All Rates levied and all Kents received and all Monies borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall be applied and expended on or in connexion with the Canals or either of them, and in providing additional Accommodation for the Traffic thereon, or in making any Docks, Basins, or Slips as aforesaid, as shall from Time to Time appear to the Commissioners expedient.

XXVI. No Person lending Money to the Commissioners, and taking a Mortgage or Assignation in Security, for securing Repayment of the same, and purporting to be made under the Authority of this Act, shall be bound to require Proof that the Provisions of this Act have been duly complied with.

XXVII. Subject to the Provisions of this Act and of the Acts incorporated herewith, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time to contract with any Person for the Purchase of any Lands not exceeding in the whole Fifty Acres (in addition to the Lands now vested in or belonging to the Commissioners), in such Place or Places as the Commissioners shall deem eligible or convenient for any of the Purposes by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith or by any of the recited Acts authorized.

XXVIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to sell, lease, feu, or convey, in consideration of a Price paid down, or of a yearly Rent or Feu Duty, Ground Annual, or other annual Payment, such Portions of the Lands as they may have purchased as last aforesaid, and any Lands which may not be required for the Purposes of the Canals, in any way, and at such Time as they shall think most expedient; and the Conveyances and Titles to be granted by the Commissioners on the Sale or Lease of any such Lands shall be good, valid, and effectual to the Purchasers or Lessees, freed and disburdened of the Debts and pecuniary Obligations of the Commissioners, except so far as such Lands may be subject or liable to the Payment of the Purchase Money or Rent, as the Case may be.

XXIX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, to grant or lease the Canals or either of them, and all the Works and Appurtenances thereof or thereto belonging respectively, for a Period not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, with or without any annual Return or Rent therefor, to any Person or Company, under such Provisions, Conditions, Restrictions, and Limitations as the Commissioners shall think necessary and proper: Provided always, that any such Grant or Lease shall, within Twenty-one Days after completing the same, be laid before both Houses of Parliament, if then sitting, or otherwise within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XXX. Upon the Execution of such Grant or Lease, all the Powers and Authorities conferred by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith, or by any of the recited Acts, upon the Commissioners, shall, as regards the Subject Matter, and daring the Continuance of such Grant or Lease, cease and determine, and the Commissioners shall be and they are hereby released and exonerated from all Liabilities and Responsibilities which they were or might in anywise be considered to be under as such Commissioners.

XXXI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to let on Lease, by Private Contract or Agreement, or by Public Roup or Sale, as they may deem most expedient, all or any of the Rates and Duties by this Act or by any of the Recited Acts authorized to be levied, to any Person or Company, for a Period not exceeding Three Years; and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Tolls, Rates, and Duties so let, shall during the Continuance of every such Lease have the same Power and Authority for levying, collecting, and recovering the same as are conferred on the Commissioners by this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith, or by any of the recited Acts.

XXXII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, at any General Meeting to be held by virtue of any of the recited Acts, to give and grant to such Officers or Servants as may be

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 46.

deemed deserving, *and Who shall by reason of Age or Infirmity or Injuries received be in-bdpable of further Service, Annuities for their respective Lives or for shorter Terms, and also any Donations or annual Sums to the Widows or Families of such Officers or Servants, sijch Annuities, Donations* or annual Sums being payable out Of. any Funds which for the me b^ing pay be ip the Hands of the Commissioners *

XXXIII. The Rates iind Penalties by this Act authorized to be levied and imposed shall For Recovery he kvied and recovered in the same Manner as Rates and Penalties leviable under any of pg^and the recited Acts; and all the Enactments and Provisions contained in the recited Acts with respect to the levying and Recovery of the Tolls* RateB, and Dues thereby authorized to be levied, and the Penalties thereby imposed, shall be applicable to the Rates and Penalties by this Act authorized to be levied and imposed, in the saftne Manner and as fully and effectually as if such Enactments and Provisions had been herein repeated iand rO-enacted/

XXXIV. Nothing herein contained shall repeal, alter, or affect the recited Acts or any of them, , except in so far as the recited Acts or any of them, or any Part thereof respectively, may be contrary to or inconsistent with this Act, or with the Acts incorporated herewith, but the recited Acts, and the whole Clauses and Provisions therein contained, except in so far as they are so altered, affected, or repealed, shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into execution as if the same had been repeated and re-mimcted in the Body of this Act; and the recited Acts and this Act shall, as to the Powers and Provisions, Matters, and Things not repealed, altered, or affected, be construed together as Qng.Act./ '

1 \5CXXV. Ijfothing in this Act contained shall alter, prejudice, or affect Sections Fifty-four ^d Fifty-five of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her jpPeSent Majesty, intituled An Act for deepening, enlarging, improving, and maintaining the Port and Harbour of Inverness, and the Navigation of the River Ness, and the Quays and 'Piers and other PTorks connected therewith, and regulating the Anchorage and Shore Dues of the said Port and Harbour, and for other Purposes: relating thereto, or any of the Powers, Rights, and Authorities conferred by the said Act on the Trustees acting under the, same.

Recited Acts not to be affected, except by the Provisions of this Act.

Saving Rights of Inverness Harbour Trustees.

SCHEDULES to which the foregoing Act refers.

: n SCHEDULE (A.)

I.* — Rates Animals, and Carriages, to be levied at Wharfs,

10 <-llinr ftERS, Jetties, qr Landing Places.

Each Passenger -

Each Horse - r -

Do. under Thirteen Hands, and each Mule or Ass -Each Bull, Cow, Bullock, or Heifer -

Do. under Two Years old -

Each Calf -

Dogs, Sporting only, each -

Other Dogs, each - - r- -

Sheep, Lambs, Goats, or Swine, per Score, Js., or if under Ten, each Ivuh Four-wheeled Coach or Carriage - -: r-; -

Each Gig or Two-wheeled Carriage -

Each Cart, loaded -

: *" Dot, :bmj3ty

Each Two-whecled Barrow or Truck, with Luggage -

Bach Wheelbarrow with Luggage -

Each Parcel or Package carried by a Porter -

£ s. d.

- - 6 0 2

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 3

- - 0 0 1

- 0 0/ 3

- . - 0 0 I

- 0 0 1

- 0 1 0

* - - 0 0 6

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 0 6

- - 0 0 4

- - 0 0 2

- - 0 0 1

V, ! I i »U -V ' - 1

i'!., i23 & 24 Vict.

Dd

II. Rates

208

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 46.

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped in the Canals, and to be levied at Wharfs, Pieks, Jetties, or Landing Places.

Description of Goods. Quantities. Rates.

Ale, Beer, and Porter - Imperial Standard. Per Barrel Bulk £ 0 s. 0 d. 2

Bark - - - Per Ton 0 0 8

Birch or Alder Staves - - _ Per 1,000 0 0 2

Bones, Bone Dust, and Guano - . _ Per Ton 0 1 0

Butter and Cheese - - . Per Stone 0 0 I

Cement - Per Cwt 0 0 1

Chalk - Per Ton 0 0 3

Cloths, Carpeting, Haberdashery, Hosiery - - Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 2

Coals, Coke, or Cinders - _ _ Per Ton 0 0 3

Copper, Zinc, Brass, Lead, Tin _ - Per Cwt. 0 0 1

Cotton Wool - Per Ton 0 1 0

Crystal, China, and Earthenware - - Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 2

Eggs ..... - _ - Ditto 0 0 2

Empty Herring Barrels or Boxes - Each 0 0 0 *

Other empty Casks in proportion to Size. Feathers - Per Cwt. 0 0 2

Fish:— Salmon in Kits or Boxes _ - Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 3

Herrings, packed - - - Per Barrel 0 0 2

Other Fish - Per Box 0 0 H

Flour - - _ Per Sack 0 0 3

Fruit - Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 2

Grain: — Wheat - - _ - Per Quarter 0 0 3

All other Kinds - Ditto 0 0 2

Groceries - Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 2

Gunpowder - - _ - Per Barrel 0 0 2

Hardwares - Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 6

Hay and Straw - . _ Per Ton 0 0 2

Hemp, Flax, or Tow - _ _ Per Cwt. 0 0 I

Hides - Ditto 0 0 1

Hoops of Wood - _ Per 100 0 0 o *

Horns and Hoofs - Per Cwt 0 0 I

Household Furniture - _ _ Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 2

Husbandry Utensils - Ditto 0 0 2

Iron Castings - - _ Per Cwt. 0 0 1

Iron Cables - - Ditto 0 0 1

Iron Wire - m _ Ditto 0 0 2

Kelp Per Ton 0 0 4

Leather - - _ - Per Cwt. 0 0 I

Lime, — in Shells - _ _ Per 64 Bushels 0 0 8

Slaked - _ _ Ditto 0 0 6

Loam, Pipe and Fire Clay - _ Per Ton 0 0 3

Machinery - - _ Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 3

Manure, Common - Per Ton 0 0 3

Meal - - _ _ Per 140 lbs. 0 0 2

Metallic Ores - Per Ton 0 0 6

Oils, — Fhh or Vegetable - _ Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 3

Peats or Turf - - _ Per 1,000 0 0 2

Potatoes _ Per Cwt 0 0 0 *

Rags - - m - Ditto 0 0 0

209

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 46.

Description of Goods. Quantities. Rates.

Imperial Standard. £ s. d.

Rape or Linseed Cakes ..... Per Ton 0 0 6

Ropes, Cordage, Netting, and Canvass - Per Cwt. 0 0 2

Salt - ... Per Ton 0 0 6

Sand, — Soil and Gravel ... - . Ditto 0 0 '2

Seeds, — in Bags or Casks - Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 2

Skins - - - Per Dozen 0 0 1

Slates, Bricks, and Tiles - . Per 1, 200 0 0 C

Soap, Soda, and Saltpetre - - Per Cwt. 0 0 0h

Spirits:— Foreign or Colonial - - Per Gallon 0 0 0 *

British - - . Ditto 0 0 04

Steel and Iron, — Bar or Pig - Stones, — for Building or Paving ... Per Ton 0 1 0

Ditto 0 0 2

Flagstones, Millstones, Grindstones - Ditto 0 0 6

Sugar - - f PerHogshead 1 \ or Tierce / 0 0 6

Ditto - . Per Barrel 0 0 2

Tallow and Grease - . Per Barrel Bulk 0 0 3

Tar and Pitch - . Per Barrel 0 0 2

Timber:— Foreign -.. Per Load 0 I 0

Home, manufactured - - Ditto 0 0 9

do. not manufactured - - . Ditto 0 0 6

Wine: — in Casks ... - Per Barrel Bulk 0 1 0

in Bottles. - Ditto 0 0 6

Wool ..... ..... f Per Stone of 1 \ 24 lbs. J 0 0 0h

All other Goods, Wares, Merchandise, and Commodities whatsoever, not enumerated or specified in the above Schedule, to pay at the Rate of Twopence per Barrel Bulk, or at Rates varying from Threepence to One Shilling Per Ton, in proportion to such Articles in the Schedule as they come nearest to.

The Tonnage of all Articles to be ascertained by the gross Weight or Cubic Contents thereof, and Documents showing the Measurement of Bale or Dry Goods must be produced.

The Barrel Bulk of all Articles not otherwise rated to be Five Cubic Feet, excepting when the said Measure shall exceed Two and a Half Hundredweight, in which Case Two and a Half Hundredweight is to be rated a Barrel Bulk; Eight Barrels Bulk or Forty Cubic Feet to be reckoned One Ton; the Load of Oak, Ash, Elm, Beech, Birch, or other Hard Wood to be estimated at Forty Cubic Feet; and of Pine, Larch, or Fir Timber, at Fifty Cubic Feet

With respect to the common planted Fir Timber of Home Growth, the Shipper or Importer has the Option of paying, either according to the Rates specified in the Table, or at Four-pence per Ton Register of the Vessel, and Threepence per Ton Register for manufactured Timber,

Timber imported into the Canals, or conveyed from one Part of the Line to another, for the Purpose of being manufactured, and afterwards reshipped by the Canals, to be exempted from Dues until Reshipment, with the Exception of Wharfage, at the Rate of One Penny per Ton Register of the Vessel carrying the same when discharged at any Wharf

Small Packages not measuring One and a Quarter Cubic Foot, or not weighing Twenty-eight Pounds, to be reckoned One Fourth of a Barrel Bulk.

Passengers by Steam Vessels to be allowed to the Extent of One Hundredweight each for Luggage, but on each and every Package beyond that Weight Dues are to be levied.

Empty Casks or Boxes to be rated at One Eighth of their Capacity, per Gauge Measure.

- -w.i> D d 2 When

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 46, 47.

When empty Casks or Packages are exported and returned filled, the Owners, if the same Parties, shall be entitled to an Allowance or Drawback of the Dues chargeable on their Shipment.

All Goods landed and afterwards reshipped, without Bulk being broken, and also all returned empty Boxes, Casks, Bags, or other Packages, are exempted from Dues.

Ballast.

Ballast, unless to be immediately carted away, must be landed and deposited where the Harbour Master may direct, and in this Case to be the Property of the Commissioners.

Vessels, if allowed to take Ballast from Spoil Banks, or from any Depot of Materials provided for the Purpose, to pay Dues therefor at the Rate of One Penny per Register Ton.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Rates on Vessels on each Time of entering or using the Graving Docks

or Slips.

On all Vessels entering or using any of the Docks or Slips, per Register Ton per Day, Threepence. 1

SCHEDULE (C.)

I. Rates for the Use of Cranek

Each Hogshead of Goods not exceeding 12 Cwt.

Do. do. from 12 to 15 Cwt. -

Do. do. from 15 to 20 Cwt.

Each Ton of Goods -

II. Rates for Weighing.

Each Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, Load, or Weight -

III. Rates for Lights.

Each Vessel using any Wharf, Pier, Jetty, or Landing Place at Night, which shall be lighted by the Commissioners, for every 10 Tons Register

s. d. 0 3

0 4

0 6 0 6

0 2

0 0i

3 & 4 W. 4.

c. 76.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to amend the Law relative to the Legal Qualifications of Councillors and the Admission of Burgesses in Royal Burghs in Scotland.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS by the Fourteenth Section of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth ' Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled " An Act to alter and amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal Burghs " in Scotland," it was enacted, that no Person should be entitled to be received and inducted as Councillor who shall not previous to such Induction be entered a Burgess for the Burgh ' of which he is so elected, wherever there is any Body of Burgesses in any such Burgh, and that his Omission to produce Evidence of his being such Burgess when he declares his Acceptance of Office shall be held to vacate his Election, in the same Manner os if he had

(declined

211

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 47, 48.

(declined to accept: And whereas by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of the exclusive Privilege of Trading in Burghs 9 & 10 Vict. f< in Scotland," the exclusive Privileges and Rights possessed in certain Royal and other l7«

Burghs in Scotland, by the Members of certain Guilds, Crafts, or Incorporations, of carrying on or exercising certain Trades or Handicrafts within their respective Burghs,

are abolished: And whereas it is expedient to repeal the said Clause of the first-recited Act, and to make Provision for the Admission of Persons to be Burgesses in manner and under the Conditions herein prescribed: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That the said Fourteenth Section of the first-recited Act, in so far as inconsistent with this Act, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. That it shall be lawful to the Magistrates and Council of any Royal Burgh, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to admit any Person entitled to vote in the Election of any Member of Council for such Burgh to the Status of a Burgess thereof, and that by a Minute of the Council thereof, and on Payment of such Entry Money, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of One Pound, as the Council of the Burgh may from Time to Time fix, which Entry Money shall be accounted Part of the Common Good of the Burgh, and be applied accordingly; and every Person entitled to vote in the Election of any Member of Council shall, on being elected a Member of the Council of any Burgh, thereupon be eligible to be inducted, if before Induction he shall be admitted in manner aforesaid to the Status of a Burgess of the Burgh, anything contained in the said Fourteenth Section of the first-recited Act notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Admission by Minute of Council shall not per se be held to give or imply any Right or Title to or Interest in the Properties, Funds, or Revenues of any of the Guilds, Crafts, or Incorporations of the Burgh, or any Mortifications or Benefactions for behoof of the Burgesses of such Guilds, Crafts, or Incorporations, or of their Families, or any Right of Management thereof, or any Membership in any of the said Guilds, Crafts, or Incorporations.

Sect. 14. of 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 76. repealed.

Electors of Members of Council may be admitted as Burgesses on certain Conditions.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to provide for the Settlement and Discharge of the Debt due to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from the Harbour and Docks of Leith.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS a Debt was contracted by the City of Edinburgh to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for Advances made towards the Improvement of the

4 Harbour and Docks of Leith, and Bonds were granted by the Lord Provost, Magistrates,

and Council of the said City to the said Commissioners for further securing the said Debt,

which, after Deduction of the Payments made to account thereof, amounted in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight to Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence: And whereas by the Act First and Second Victoria, Chapter Fifty five, the Harbour and Docks of Leithy i & 2 Vict.

and all the Property connected therewith and Revenues arising therefrom, were vested in 55«

the Commissioners appointed by the said Act for the Superintendence and Management

of the said Harbour and Docks, and the preferable Right and Security granted to and held by the said Commissioners of the Treasury were postponed to the annual Payment of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, therein provided for, and to, such annual Sums as should be approved of and allowed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury as the Establishment for the said Harbour and Docks, including Expenses of Management, Maintenance and Repairs, and the said Commissioners of the Treasury were

thereby

212 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 48.

thereby authorized to postpone further the Security held by them to any Loan to be ' effected by the Commissioners for the said Harbour and Docks for the Execution of ' Improvements and Repairs, not exceeding in all the Sum of One hundred and twenty-five ' thousand Pounds, and to forego for such Time as the said Commissioners of the Treasury

should think fit the Exaction, in whole or in part, of the Interest to become due upon the Amount of the Debt which should remain owing; and it was by the said Act provided, ' that the said Debt should be secured on the Revenues of the said Harbour and Docks, ' and Works and Property vested in the Commissioners for the said Harbour and Docks, and that no Claim or Demand should thereafter be competent to the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the Principal or Interest of the said Debt, or any Part thereof, from or against any of the other Property or Revenues of the City of Edinburgh, or the Lord

7 Vict c. 20. Provost, Magistrates, and Council thereof: And whereas by the Act Seventh Victoria

4 Chapter Twenty, the said Commissioners were incorporated by the Name of The Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith And whereas by the Act (Local and: io Vict c. xxv. ' Personal) Tenth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-five, the said Commissioners were authorized to levy the Rates and Duties specified in the Schedules annexed to the said Act on all Goods imported into or exported from the Harbour of Leith and Precincts thereof, and on all Vessels coming into or going out of the said Harbour and Precincts thereof, and for the Use of the Cranes and Weighing Machines, Rails, and Sheds at the said Harbour and Docks; and it was by the said Act provided that the said Commissioners should, in lieu of the Customs, Rates, Imposts, and Market Dues thereby abolished, pay annually, out of the Rates and Duties thereby authorized to be levied, to the Magistrates and Council of the Town of Leith the Sum of Five hundred Pounds at the Terms therein specified: And io & li Vict. ' whereas by the Act Tenth and Eleventh Victoria, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, it c*ll4, 4 was provided that the Debt to Her Majesty from the Commissioners for the Harbour and

4 Docks of Leith at the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven,

including all Arrears of Interest due at that Term, should be taken at the said Sum of Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence, and the said Commissioners of the Treasury were thereby empowered to allow the Commissioners for the said Harbour and Docks to appropriate the whole Monies then in their Hands, or which might thereafter accrue to them from the surplus Revenue of the said Harbour and Docks, or such Part thereof as the said Commissioners of the Treasury from Time to Time should think fit to allow for that Purpose 4 (after Payment of the said annual Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty

Pounds, and the Expense of the Establishment, and any extraordinary Expense which might be necessary in the event of any unforeseen Damage arising to the Works of the said Harbour and Docks through Storm or Accident), towards the Expense of carrying into execution the Plan for the Improvement of the said Harbour and Docks referred to in the said Act, with such Alterations, Additions, or Omissions as should be from Time to Time sanctioned by the said Commissioners of the Treasury: And whereas the Commissioners for the said Harbour and Docks have executed various Works and Improvements at the said Harbour and Docks since the passing of the first-recited Act, and have defrayed the Expense thereof out of the surplus Revenues accruing from Time to Time, and out ' of Money borrowed by them under the Authority of the first-recited Act, with the Sanction of the said Commissioners of the Treasury from the Bank of Scotland, the Royal Bank of Scotland, the British Linen Company Bank, the Commercial Bank of Scotland,

the National Bank of Scotland, and the Union Bank of Scotland, of which Money so borrowed the Sum of Forty-three thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Fivepence still remains owing; and the said Commissioners of the Treasury have also sanctioned the Expenditure of the further Sum of Forty thousand Pounds on the Construction of a Graving Dock and other Works and Improvements for which Contracts have been entered into; and which Sums borrowed and to be borrowed are, under the Provisions of the first-recited Act, preferable to the said Debt of Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence, which still remains owing to the said Commissioners of the Treasury: And whereas the surplus Revenues of the said Harbour and Docks, after paying the said annual Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, and the ordinary Expenditure on

4 Management,

213

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 48.

Management, Maintenance, Repairs, and Dredging, the Interest on the Sums borrowed ' under the Authority of the first-recited Act, and the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds payable to the Magistrates and Council of Leith, and providing for the Execution

of Works and Improvements essentially necessary for the Accommodation of the Trade and Shipping, are insufficient to pay off the said Debt of Two hundred and twenty-eight ' thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence: And whereas the Commissioners for the said Harbour and Docks have offered to pay to the said Commissioners of the Treasury the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, in full Satisfaction ' of the said Debt and Interest, and of all their Claims against the said Harbour and Docks;

and it is expedient that the said Commissioners of the Treasury should be authorized to

accept of the said Sum, and to discharge the said Debt, and that the Commissioners for the said Harbour and Docks should be authorized to borrow Money for the Purposes of the recited Acts and this Act Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as i: The Leith Harbour and Docks Act,

1860."

II. The Expression C(the Commissioners " in this Act and in the Clauses of "The Com- Interpretation " missioners Clauses Act, 1847," incorporated herewith, shall mean the Commissioners for of Terms, the Harbour and Docks of Leith; and the Expression " the Special Act " in the said Clauses shall mean this Act.

III. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to accept of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds in full Payment and Satisfaction of the said Debt of Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence, and all Interest due thereon, and of their Security and Claims on the said Harbour and Docks of Leith, under and by virtue of the said Bonds granted by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, or of the first-recited Act and the Acts therein recited; and on the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds being paid into Her Majesty's Exchequer by the Commissioners for the said Harbour and Docks, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Commissioners of the Treasury to grant a Discharge in the Form of the Schedule to this Act annexed, and thereupon the said Harbour and Docks, and the Works and Property connected therewith, and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues thereof, shall be freed and discharged of the said Debt of Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence, and of all Interest due thereon, and of the Security created or conferred by the said Bonds, and by or under the Provisions of the first-recited Act and the Acts therein recited, and of all Claims competent to the said Commissioners of the Treasury in respect of the said Debt.

IV. The said Discharge shall be recorded in the Books of Council and Session at Edin- Discharge to be

burgh, and, from and after the Date of recording the same, the First, Second, Twelfth,

Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Sections of the first-recited Act, and the Fourth ofi&^and0*18

Section of the fourth-recited Act, shall be repealed. 10 & 11 Vict.

repealed.

V. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to borrow any Sums of Money not exceeding Power to Com-in the whole (including the Sums already borrowed by them from the said Banks under the missioners to Authority of the first-recited Act) the Sum of One hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, on^ortgage6, 7 and to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations of the said Harbour and Docks, and the &c.

Works and Property vested in or acquired or to be acquired or constructed by the Commissioners, and the Rates and Duties to be levied by them under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them, or any other Act relating to the said Harbour and Docks, in Security of the Payment of the Money so to be borrowed and Interest thereon; and if, after having borrowed the said Sums or any Part thereof, the Commissioners pay off the same, or the Sums already borrowed by them, otherwise than by the Application of the annual Sum of not less than Ten thousand Pounds herein-after provided for, it shall be lawful for them again to borrow the Amount so paid off, and so from Time to Time \ and the Mortgages and

Assignations

Power to the Commissioners of the Treasury to accept the Sum of50,000l., in full Payment of Debt and Interest. When the 50,000l. is paid. Treasury to grant a Discharge as in Schedule.

Power to borrow from Bank on Cash Credit.

Clauses of 10 & 11 Vict c. 16. with respect to Mortgages incorporated.

Nothing to affect annual Payment of 7, 680/.

Nothing to affect existing Mortgages and Securities.

Provision for paying off Debt to Banks.

Application of Money borrowed.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 48.

Assignations to be made and granted by the Commissioners may be in Writing or printed, or partly in Writing and partly printed, and shall be scaled with the Common Seal of the Commissioners, and signed at and in Presence of a Meeting of the Commissioners, in the Manner prescribed by the second-recited Act.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to accept and take from any of the said Banks Credit on a Cash Account to be opened and kept with them or any of them in the Name of the Commissioners, according to the Usage of Bankers in Scotland, or in such other Form as may be preferred by the said Banks, to the Extent of the Sum which the Commissioners are authorized to borrow as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, and, if required, to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations of the said Harbour and Docks, and the Works and Property vested in or acquired or to be acquired or constructed by the Commissioners, and the Rates and Duties to be levied by them, under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them, or any other Act relating to the said Harbour and Docks, in Security of the Payment of the Amount of such Credit, or of the Sums advanced from Time to Time on such Cash Account, with Interest thereon: Provided that the whole Sum due and owing by the Commissioners on such Cash Account, and for Money borrowed by them on Bonds, or on Mortgages or Assignations of the said Harbour and Docks, Works, Property, Rates, and Duties, or any Part thereof, shall not when taken together exceed the said Sum of One hundred and sixty thousand Pounds by this Act authorized to be borrowed.

VII. The Clauses of "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to the Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, with the Exception of Section Eighty-four, are hereby incorporated with this Act, and shall be applicable to the Money borrowed or to be borrowed, and the Mortgages and Assignations granted or to be granted, under the Authority of the first-recited Act or this Act.

VIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, alter or affect the preferable Security over the said Harbour and Docks, and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues thereof, for the said Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, payable annually out of the same, as provided by the first-recited Act.

IX. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, alter or affect the Mortgages and Securities granted by the Commissioners for any Sums borrowed by them under the Authority of the first-recited Act, and remaining due at the Date of the passing of this Act; and all such Mortgages and Securities shall be and remain as valid and effectual in all respects as before the passing of this Act, and all Money borrowed or to be borrowed by the Commissioners from the said Banks or any of them, and the Interest due and to become due thereon, and all Bonds, Mortgages, and Securities granted or to be granted therefor, shall, during the Non-payment and Subsistence thereof, have Priority over any other Money to be borrowed, or any other Mortgages and Assignations to be granted, under the Authority of this Act.

X. In the event of the Commissioners borrowing any further Sums of Money from the said Banks or any of them under the Authority of this Act, in addition to the Balance of Forty-three thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Fivepence remaining due as aforesaid of the Sums already borrowed from the said Banks, the Commissioners shall every Year appropriate and set apart, out of the Surplus Revenue of the said Harbour and Docks which may rejnain after paying the said annual Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, and the ordinary Expenditure on Maintenance, Management, Repairs, and Dredging, and any Charges legally exigible, and the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds payable to the Magistrates and Council of Leith, a Sum of not less than Ten thousand Pounds, to be applied in paying the Interest on the Principal Sums borrowed or to be borrowed from the said Banks under the Authority of the first-recited Act and this Act, and towards Repayment of the said Principal Sums.

XI. The Money to be borrowed by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall be applied in the first instance in paying the said Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and thereafter in defraying the Expense of executing Improvements on the said Harbour and

Docks,

215

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c: 48,

Docks, and the Works and Property1'connected therewith, and in carrying into effect the Purposes of the several Acts relating to the said Harbour and Docks and this Act

XII. All Rates and Revenues to be levied and received by, the Commissioners under the Provisions of the recited Acts, and this Act, shall be applied in paying the said annual Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, the' ordinary Expenditure on Maintenance, Management, Repairs, and Dredging, and any Charges legally exigible, the said annual Sum of Five hundred Pounds payable to the Magistrates and Council of IAth, the Sum of not less than Ten thousand Pounds per Annum payable to the said Banks as herein-before provided, and the Interest of any other Money to be borrowed by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act, and in paying off the Principal Sums so to be borrowed, and in defraying the Expense of executing Improvements on the said Harbour and Docks and the Works connected therewith, and in carrying into effect the Purposes of the several Acts relating to the said Harbour and Docks and this Act, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

XIII. The Commissioners shall cause true and regular Accounts to be entered in the Books kept by them of all Monies received and paid under the Authority of the recited Acts and this Act, and of the several Purposes for which such Monies have been received and paid; and such Books and Accounts shall be made up and balanced as on the Fifteenth Day of May in every If ear.

XIV. The Commissioners shall annually apply to the Sheriff of the County of Edinburgh to appoint an Auditor for the Audit of their Accounts, and (he Sheriff shall, on such Application being made to him, annually appoint an Auditor (being a Member of the Society of Chartered Accountants in Edinburgh, and not being One of the Commissioners, or holding Office under them,) to audit the Accounts of the Commissioners; and in case the Office of such Auditor shall, before such Accounts have been audited by him, become vacant T>y Death or from any other Cause, the said Sheriff shall from Time to Time appoint another such Person as an Auditor to supply such Vacancy.

XV. It shall be the Duty of such Auditor once in every Three Months to audit the Accounts of the Commissioners; and for that Purpose the Commissioners shall deliver to him their Books and Accounts, and the Vouchers in support of the same, and the Auditor shall examine such Books, Accounts, and Vouchers, and may either make a Special Report on such Accounts, or simply confirm the Same; and such Report or Confirmation shall be read to the Commissioners at the Ordinary Meeting to be held on the Second Monday of October annually; and the Commissioners shall pay to the Auditor for making such Audit such Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings per Annum, as they may think fit.

XVI. An Abstract of the Accounts of the Commissioners as audited shall be printed on or before the Eleventh Day of November in every Year, and a Copy thereof shall be given to every Ratepayer or Creditor who shall apply for the same at the Office of the Commissioners.

XVII. It shall be lawful for the Mortgagees or Assignees, subject to the Preference and Priority of Securities herein-before mentioned, to enforce Payment of the Arrears of Interest or the Arrears of Principal and Interest due to them under or by virtue of any Bonds, Mortgages, or Assignations in Security granted or to be granted by the Commissioners under the Authority of the first-recited Act or this Act, by the Appointment of a Judicial Factor or Receiver, in the Manner provided by the said Commissioners Clauses Act: Provided that the Application for the Appointment of such Judicial Factor or Receiver shall be made by a Mortgagee oy Assignee, holding a Bond, Mortgage or Assignation in Security granted by the Commissioners to the Amount of at least Thirty thousand Pounds, or by Two or more Mortgagees or Assignees holding Bonds, Mortgages or Assignations in Security granted by the Commissioners the aggregate Amount of at least Thirty thousand Pounds.

23 & 24 VICT.

Ee

Application of Rates and Revenues.

Accounts to be kept and balanced.

Auditor to be appointed.

Accounts to be audited.

Abstract of Accounts to be printed.

Payment of Arrears of Principal and Interest may be enforced by Appointment of a Indicial Factor.

216

Rights of Way through Cole-wort Barracks extinguished.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 48, 49.

SCHEDULE.

The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury do hereby acknowledge that the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds has been paid into Her Majesty's Exchequer by the Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith, in Terms of u The Leith Harbour and Docks Act, 1860, '' and do hereby, under the Authority of the said Act, accept of the said Sum in full Satisfaction and Payment of the Debt of Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence, due to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury on the Security of the said Harbour and Docks, as mentioned in the said Act, and of all Interest due thereon, and discharge the said Debt and Interest, and the Bonds granted in Security thereof by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and declare the said Harbour and Docks, and the Works and Property connected therewith, and the Rates, Duties, and Revenues thereof, to be for ever freed and discharged of the said Debt of Two hundred and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and seventy-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Eightpence, and of all Interest due thereon, and of the Security created or conferred by the said Bonds, and by or under the Provisions of the Act First and Second Victoria, Chapter Fifty-five, and the Acts therein recited, and of all Claims competent to the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury in respect of the said Debt: And the said Commissioners consent to the Registration hereof in the Books of Council and Session, for Preservation. In witness whereof these Presents, written by

are subscribed by us Two of the said.

Commissioners, at London, the Day of in the Year

One thousand eight hundred and sixty, before these Witnesses.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for extinguishing certain Rights of Way through Colewort Barracks, in the Borough of Portsmouth.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS Colewort Barracks in the Borough of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton, and the Ground appurtenant thereto, are vested in Her Majesty's

Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and the said Ground is subject to Rights of Way for Foot Passengers through or over the same from a Point near the Landport Gate and also from Warblington Street at a Point opposite Nobbs Lane to Armoury Lane: And whereas the Morality and Discipline of the Men stationed in the said Barracks are very injuriously affected in consequence of the Existence of the said ' Rights of Way, the said Barracks being accessible to all Persons and at all Times by ' means thereof: And whereas there exists, by means of High Street Road, Warblington ' Street, and Saint Mary Street, a sufficiently commodious Way to and from the Points to (and from which Access is obtained by virtue of such Rights of Way as aforesaid: And whereas for the Reasons aforesaid it is expedient that the said Rights of Way should be 1 extinguished Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. That from and after the passing of this Act all Rights of Way through or over the said Ground shall cease, and the said Secretary of State shall stop up or cause to be stopped up the said Ways, and thereupon public Notice shall be given of the stopping up thereof by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in some local Newspaper published or circulated in the County of Southampton, and shall be affixed on the outer Door of the Town Hall or some other public Place within the said Borough.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 50.

217

CAP. L.

An Act to abolish the Annuity Tax in Edinburgh and Montrose, and to make Provision in regard to the Stipends of the Ministers in that City and Burgh, and also to make Provision for the Patronage of the Church of North Leith.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Annuity Tax as at present levied within the City of Edinburgh, on behalf of the Ministers thereof, and the Annuity Tax at present

levied in the Burgh of Montrose, should be abolished, and that Provision should be made

with respect to the future Payment of the Stipends of the said Ministers, and for the ' Administration and Management of the Parochial Churches in the said City of Edinburgh,

and also that Provision should be made for the Patronage of the Church of North Leith:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the several Meanings Interpretation hereby assigned to them: of Terms.

The Word " Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners appointed and incorporated tinder this Act:

The Word " Secretary" shall mean the Secretary and Agent of the Commissioners for the Time being:

The Expression " Magistrates and Council" shall mean the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for the Time being.

II. From and after the Term; of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Annuity Tax Impost or Tax levied annually under the Name of the Annuity Tax, within the ancient and abolished-extended Royalties of the City of Edinburgh, for the Maintenance of the Ministers thereof, shall cease to be imposed.

III. Ten Commissioners shall be appointed to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act Commissioners in manner following: Two of such Commissioners shall be elected by the Ministers of ^pointed to Edinburgh of the Church of Scotland; Three of such Commissioners shall be elected by c m

the Magistrates and Council; One of such Commissioners shall be elected in turn b}' the Faculty of Advocates, the Society of Writers to Her Majesty's Signet, and the Society of Solicitors before the Supreme Courts, the First Election to be by the Faculty of Advocates, and the Second by the Society of Writers to the Signet, and each Commissioner from the said Three Bodies shall hold Office for Three Years; and Three of such Commissioners shall be elected by the Kirk Sessions of all the Parochial Churches of the City of Edinburgh convened by the Clerk of the Presbytery of Edinburgh; and One of such Commissioners shall be elected by the Merchant Company; and all such Elections shall be made at Meetings of the said several Bodies, specially called for the Purpose of such Elections; and when any Vacancy shall occur by the Death, Resignation, or Incapacity to act, of any of the Commissioners, the same shall be supplied by the Election of another Commissioner in his Place by the Body by whom the Commissioner so dying, resigning, or becoming incapable to act, was elected; and in case any of the Bodies hereby authorized to make such Elections shall not, within Three Months after the passing of this Act, have duly made such Elections, or, in case of any Vacancy thereafter arising, shall not within Three Months after the Date of such Vacancy have duly elected another Commissioner in the Place of the Commissioner so dying, resigning, or becoming incapable to act, then and in either of such Cases it shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand, to nominate a Commissioner or Commissioners, as the Case may be; and Intimation of the respective Elections and Nominations, as respects the first Appointments to be made under this Act, shall be addressed to the Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh, who shall forthwith call a Meeting of the Commissioners; and the Commissioners shall thereafter meet at such Times and Places as to them shall seem fit; and such Intimation, as respects all subsequent Appointments, shall be addressed to the Commissioners.

Commissioners

incorporated.

Administration of the City Churches transferred from the Magistrates and Council to the Commissioners.

Pews in the City Churches to he let by the Kirk Sessions, and Surplus of the Rents to be paid to the Commissioners.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 50.

IV. The Commissioners shall be a Body Corporate, under the Title of "The Edinburgh Ecclesiastical Commissioners/' and shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, with Power under the said Title to sue and be sued and to take and hold Property, heritable and moveable, real and personal, and with all the other Powers and Privileges of a Corporate Body; and Three of their Number shall be a Quorum at any Meeting, or with respect to any Act or Proceeding of the Commissioners; and they may from Time to Time elect One of their Number to be Chairman for such Period as they shall think fit; and the Chairman for the Time being, or the Commissioner presiding in his Absence, at any such Meeting shall have a Casting as well as a Deliberative Vote; and the Commissioners may from Time to Time appoint such Person as they think fit to be their Secretary and Agent.

V. The whole Rights of Administration and Custody as respects the following Parochial Churches in the City of Edinburgh, namely, the Tolbooth Church, New North Church, Old Church, High Church, Tron Church, Trinitg College Church, Lady Yester's Church, Old Grey friars Church, New Greyfriars Church, St. Johns Church, St. Andrew's Church, St. George's Church, St. Mary's Church, St. Stephen's Church, and Greenside Church, which the Magistrates and Council have in or pertaining to the same or any of them; and the Dwelling Houses, Cellars, and Vaults underneath or attached to any of the same, including the Feu Duties payable in respect of the Ground whereon Lady Yesters Church was formerly built, and the Mortification or Monies mortified for the Endowment of the last-named Church, and any Bond of Annuity or other Securities on which the said Monies may be invested, except in so far as any of the said Rights may be herein otherwise expressly regulated or provided for, shall be and the same are hereby, from and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty, transferred from the Magistrates and Council to and vested in the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and for the like public Uses and Purposes and under the like Conditions for and under which the said Churches are at present administered by the Magistrates and Council: Provided that nothing contained in this Act shall prevent the Magistrates and Council from causing the Bells of the City Churches to be rung on suitable public Occasions.

VI. The Pews or Seats in the said several Churches shall, from and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty, be let by or at the Sight of the Kirk Session of each Church respectively, with the Exception of not less than One Tenth of the Number which shall be reserved as Free Sittings, but subject to any Directions which the Commissioners may issue from Time to Time, and subject also to any Rights or Conditions presently attaching to such Pews or Seats, or, in case the Commissioners shall think it necessary or expedient, by or at the Sight of the Commissioners, or their Secretary, and at such Rents for the said Pews or Seats as the Commissioners, subject always to the Rights and Conditions aforesaid, may from Time to Time determine or approve with reference to the Circumstances of the said Churches respectively; and the Kirk Session of each Church may retain in their Hands, out of the Monies to be received for such Pew or Seat Rents, such Sums as shall be fixed by the Commissioners for the Payment of the Salaries of Precentors, Door Keepers, or other Church Officers, and for cleaning, heating, and lighting the Church, and for providing Communion Elements, and for such other necessary Expenses in connexion with the Church as shall be allowed by the Commissioners; and the Kirk Session shall keep an Account of the whole Monies received by them for Pew or Seat Rents, and of the Sums retained for Payment of Expenses, and shall lay the same before the Commissioners yearly, or as often ns the Commissioners shall direct; and the Kirk Session shall forthwith pay the whole Balance of the Monies received for Pew or Seat Rents (after making the said Deductions) into the Hands of the Secretary; and in case the Monies received for Pew or Seat Rents in any of the said Churches shall in any Year be insufficient to defray the said Expenses, the Commissioners may, out of the Surplus of the Pew or Seat Rents of any of the other Churches, pay such additional Sum an shall be necessary to make up such Deficiency; and the Right to appoint Precentors, Door Keepers, and other Church Officers, heretofore belonging to the Magistrates and Council, shall, from and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty, belong to and be exercised by the Kirk Sessions of the said Churches respectively.

VII. The

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 50. 219

VII. The Commissioners shall, out of the Monies so received by them, provide for the Commissioners Maintenance and Repair of the Fabrics of the said Churches, and for the Insurance of the same against Loss by Fire, to such Extent as they shall think necessary, and for the Payment churches of the Expenses of the Commissioners, including such Remuneration as they shall see fit to and other Ex-allow to any Persons employed by them in the Execution of this Act, and of the Proportion Sur°Uw°of of the Salaries of the Clerk of the Synod of Lothian and Tweeddale and the Clerk and Officer the Seat*Rents, of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, payable for the said Churches or any of them, and of the other Expenses to be incurred in carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, and shall apply the Balance or Residue of such Monies as herein-after directed.

VIII. The Magistrates and Council shall, on or before the Eleventh Day of November Bonds of An-

One thousand eight hundred and sixty, execute and deliver to the Commissioners for the *

Purposes of this Act, a perpetual Bond of Annuity, in the Form of the Schedule (A.) to y 6

this Act annexed, for the annual Sum of Four thousand two hundred Pounds, under the Conditions expressed in the said Schedule; and they shall also execute and deliver to

the Commissioners for behoof of each of the Reverend Doctor John Hunter, the Reverend Doctor James McLetchie, and the Reverend Doctor George Smith, all Ministers of Edinburgh, a Bond of Annuity for the annual Sum of Six hundred Pounds, in the Form and determinable on the Conditions contained in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed; and the said Bonds shall, on or before the said Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty, be engrossed in the Minute Books of the said Magistrates and Council.

IX. The whole Property belonging to the Magistrates and Council, as representing the Property of the Community of the City of Edinburgh, is hereby disponed and made over to the Creditors in

the said Bonds, in Security of the Payment of the said Annuities, subject to the Provisions the Payment

herein-after enacted; and further and without Prejudice to the before-written general of the An-

Security, the Income and Revenue derived from the Property and Funds specified in nuitie8,

the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed shall, subject as aforesaid, be applicable to and

charged with the Payment of the said Annuities, preferably to all other Charges whatever;

and a Copy of this Act, recorded in the General Register of Sasines kept at Edinburgh, and

in the Register of Sasines for the Burgh of Edinburgh, shall, to all Intents and Purposes,

be and shall be held to be equivalent to Infeftment in favour of the Creditors in the said

Bonds of Annuity, in all the Heritable Property belonging to the Magistrates and Council

hereby made over in Security to the Creditors requiring Infeftment, so as to constitute a

Real Burden thereon, and shall also be held equivalent to intimated Assignation of the

Debts and Rights, and to actual Delivery of the Moveable Property, so as to create a Lien

over the same in favour of the said Creditors at the Date of the passing of this Act; and the Keepers of the said General Register of Sasines and Burgh Register of Sasines are,

upon a Copy of this Act being presented to them for that Purpose on behalf of the Commissioners, hereby authorized and required to record the same' in the said respective

Registers.

X. As long as the said Annuities shall be regularly paid, nothing contained in this Act As a« the shall prevent the Magistrates and Council, in the Course of the ordinary Administration

of the Affairs of the City of Edinburgh, from exercising in the Manner allowed by Law Adminietaition any Right competent to them prior to the passing of this Act, of selling, feuing, or letting of the Property on Lease such Part of the Property, or any Part thereof enumerated in Schedule (C.) of thellLgisuJt^ this Act, as is not contained in Schedule (B.) of the said recited Act, and any Deeds or and Council Writings which may be granted in order to give effect to such Sales, Feus, or Leases shall not to be inter-be as valid and effectual to Purchasers, Vassals, and Tenants as if this Act had not been fered with* passed; and such Purchasers, Vassals, and Tenants shall have no Concern with the Application of the Prices, Feu Duties, or Rents to be derived therefrom: Provided always, that such Prices, Feu Duties, or Rents shall be subject to all the Rights in the said Commissioners to which the Property sold, feued, or leased was subject before such Sales, Feus, or Leases were made or granted; provided also, that the Magistrates and Council shall be bound to keep the Proceeds of such Sales to be made as aforesaid, as far as practicable, separate, so that the same may be distinguishable from the General Funds and Property of the City; and the

Rights

Police Rate to be increased to an Amount not exceeding per Pound on the gross Value of the Property;

but in a certain Event, not to exceed 3d.

Creditors in the Bonds of Annuity to have same Rights of enforcing Payment as the City Creditors; and failing due Payment, the Revenues of the City may be applied under Orders of Court.

Police Rate may be redeemed to the Extent of 3d. per Pound.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c: 50.

Eights hereby constituted in the said Commissioners shall, as regards the whole Property over which the Security created by this Act extends, including the Proceeds of any such Sales as aforesaid, be preferable to and effectual against any Right or Security constituted by the Magistrates and Council over such Property, and to and against any Adjudication or other Diligence by any Creditors other than those provided for by the said recited Act.

XI. In order to enable the Magistrates and Council to provide for the Purposes to which the Income and Revenue derived from the said Property and Funds are at present applicable, and for the further Security of the said Annuities, it shall be lawful for them to levy and apply to the said Purposes increased Assessments under the Provisions, in the same Way, and with the Powers and Authorities of the "Edinburgh. Police Act, 1848," and the " Edinburgh Municipality Extension Act, 1856," to an Extent equal to but not exceeding Fourpence One Halfpenny in the Pound of the gross yearly Value of the Lands and Heritages situated within the ancient and extended Royalties of the City of Edinburgh, over and above the maximum Assessments by the said Acts authorized to be levied: Provided, that on the Determination of the said Bonds of Annuity for Behoof of the said Doctor John Hunter, Doctor James McLetchie, and Doctor George Smith, the said increased Assessment shall not exceed Threepence per Pound as aforesaid, and the said increased Assessments unde* the Powers of this Act shall not, in the imposing, levying, or collecting thereof, or in the J Notices or Receipts relative thereto, be in any way separated or distinguished from the Assessments to be imposed, levied, and collected under the said " Edinburgh Police Act, 1848/' and " Edinburgh Municipality Act, 1856/ *

XII. The Creditors in the said Bonds of Annuity shall have all the Rights for completing and enforcing the Security thereby provided, and for recovering the Sums thereby secured, which are conferred on the Creditors of the City of Edinburgh by the Act First and Second Victoria, Chapter Fifty-five, intituled An Act to regulate and secure the Debt due by the City of Edinburgh to the Public, to confirm an Agreement between the said City and its Creditors, and to effect a Settlement of the Affairs of the said City, and of the Town of Leith, and an Act amending the same, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the said Reign, Chapter Twenty; and if at any Term of Candlemas or Whitsunday the Annuities then falling due, or any of them, shall not be paid, the Treasurer of the said City, on the Requisition of the Commissioners, shall, and he is hereby required, forthwith to grant a Certificate, certifying under his Hand that the whole, or any and what Part of the Annuities then falling due has not been paid; and on the Commissioners, or any Two of their Number, presenting a Petition to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, and producing therewith such Certificate or other Evidence of Nonpayment in lieu thereof as to the Lord Ordinary shall appear sufficient, the Lord Ordinary shall direct that the whole, or such Part as he shall think proper, of the Income and Revenue derived from the Funds and Property specified in the said Schedule (C.) shall be collected and applied under the Orders of the Court, with due Regard to the Rights of the said Creditors of the City of Edinburgh, until the Court shall otherwise direct, and with Power to the Lord Ordinary, if necessary, to appoint Collectors and issue such other Orders as may be necessary for carrying the said Provisions into effect; and he shall also, if he think proper, direct that One Fifth Part, or such other Proportion as may appear to correspond to the additional Assessments hereby authorized, of the whole Sums collected in each Year under the Provisions of the " Edinburgh Police Act, 1848," and the "Edinburgh Municipality Extension Act, 1856," and this Act, shall be held and applied by the said Treasurer, subject to the Orders of the Court, and such Deliverance shall be final; but the Magistrates and Council shall be entitled at any Time, on the Consignation of the Amount so certified, to apply to the Court, or to the Lord Ordinary on the Bills in the Time of Vacation, to have such Deliverance recalled on any Ground competent in Law.

XIII. It shall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any Property, the Occupier of which is liable in Payment of the increased Police Assessments to be levied under the Provisions of this Act, at any Time to redeem the said Assessments to the Extent of Threepence for every Pound of the annual Value of the said Property, on the Payment of such Sum as may

be

221

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 50.

be agreed upon by such Owner or Occupier and the Magistrates and Council as the Price of such Redemption; provided that such Sum shall not be less than Twenty-five Pounds for every Pound of the said Assessment on an Average of Five Years previous to the said Redemption, payable for or with respect to such Property; and upon such Owner or Occupier making Payment to the Treasurer of the City for the Time being of the Sum so agreed upon, the Treasurer shall grant to such Person a Certificate of such Payment, in the Form of the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed; and all future Assessments made under the Provisions of the said Acts and this Act on the Property in respect of which the Assessment shall have been so redeemed, shall be reduced by the Amount of Threepence for every Pound of the annual Value thereof; and an Entry of such Certificate in the Register of Sasines for the Burgh of Edinburgh, which the Keeper thereof is hereby authorized and required to make on the same being presented to him for that Purpose, shall be Evidence of the said Payment and Reduction of Assessment.

XIV. The Magistrates and Town Council shall keep a separate Account of the said Monies so received in Redemption of the said Assessments under the Authority of this Act, and when and as often as the Redemption Monies so received shall amount to Five hundred Pounds, they shall lay out and invest a Sum equal to that Amount, or as near thereto as may be, in the Purchase of Bonds of Annuity granted under the Powers of the recited Act of the First and Second Victoria, or on such heritable Property or heritable Securities as they shall judge most expedient; and the whole Interest or annual Produce of the said Monies shall be in all Time coming applied exclusively to the same Purposes to which the Assessments so redeemed would have been applied under this Act.

XV. The Sum of Two thousand Pounds, presently payable yearly by Her Majesty's Remembrancer and Her Majesty's Auditor in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland\ in Terms of the said Act First and Second Victoria, Chapter Fifty-five, to and for behoof of the Ministers of the City of Edinburgh, (being Part of the Sum of Seven thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds mentioned in the said Act) shall, from and after the Term of Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and sixty, be payable to the Commissioners, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

XVI. The Commissioners shall, out of the Monies received by them under the Provisions of this Act, make Payment in Two equal Portions, at the Terms of Candlemas and Whitsunday One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and annually thereafter, to each of the Ministers for the Time being of the Parochial Churches of the said City after mentioned, or to any Person duly authorized to receive the same on behalf of the said Ministers, a Stipend or Salary of Six hundred Pounds per Annum; that is to say, to One Minister of each of the Thirteen following Churches, namely, the New North Church, Trinity College Church, Lady Tester's Church, Old Greyfriars Church, New Greyfriars Church, St. John's Church, St George's Church, St Mary's Church, St. Stephen's Church, Greenside Church, the High Church, the Tron Church, and St. Andrew's Church; and the surviving or continuing Minister of each of the said Three last-named Churches, having Collegiate Charges, and his Successors in Office, shall be held and deemed to be the Minister of the First Charge of the said Churches respectively, and shall be entitled to receive Payment of the said Stipend or Salary; and they shall also pay at the said Terms the special Annuities contained in the said Bonds to be granted for behoof of the said Doctor John Hunter, Doctor James Me Let hie 3 and Doctor George Smith: Provided that the Portion of the said Salaries or Stipends to be paid at the Term of Candlemas shall be for the PeriotWrom Whitsunday to Michaelmas preceding, and the Portion to be paid at the Term of Whitsunday shall be for the Period from Michaelmas to Whitsunday; and such Payments shall be in lieu of, and shall include all Claims for Stipend or Salary for the said Periods respectively, competent at Law, and shall be subject to the whole Conditions applicable by Law to the Stipends or Salaries now payable to the Ministers of Edinburgh from the Produce of the said Annuity Tax: Provided always, that upon the Death or Removal of any of the present Ministers of any of the above-mentioned Thirteen Churches, the Successor or Successors of such Minister or Ministers shall not be entitled to demand a Salary or Stipend of more than Five hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, until such Time as the Commissioners named in this

Redemption Monies to be invested.

The Sam of 2,000l. payable from Exchequer, for the Benefit of the Ministers, to be paid to the Commissioners.

Stipends of Ministers of the City Churches to be paid oat of the Monies received by the Commissioners.

Accounts to be kept and published by the Commissioners.

Application of Monies received by the Commissioners.

Accounts of the Commissioners to be audited.

If Commissioners fail in the Discharge of their Duties, Complaint may be brought before the Court of Ses-

23" & 24"! VICTORIA «, 5&

this Act shall have made such Provision as they may deem expedient for Payment; ofa Salary or Stipend, amounting to not more than Five hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, to any Ministers who may be nominated by them to the Tolboolh Church and the Old Church under the Powers' by this Act conferred upon the said Commissioners.

XVII. The Commissioners shall cause full and true Accounts to be kept of their whole

pecuniary Transactions under this Act, and a State of Accounts or Balance Sheet ytd be prepared, as on the Thirtieth Day of Jutie yearly, and inserted not latdr thnft the FirsVDay of August thereafter once in at least Ttvo Newspapers published in £dlitburgh, &&mir fbrta the Amount of Monies received by them 'frotn every Source of Income during the Year preceding, and of their Disbursements during the same Period, and the total Amount of* the Monies laid out and invested by thetai, or remaining in theit Hands.

XVIII. Any Balance remaining in the Hands of the Commissioners after Provision is duly made for the Payments herein-before prescribed may be applied at the Discretion of the Commissioners to any of the Purposes herein-after mentioned; provided that the Stipends or Salaries of the said Ministers shall be a preferential Charge on the annual Revenue received by the Commissioners, and shall be paid before any Part of the same is applied by them to any of the Purposes herein-after mentioned; namely.

First, in Payment of the Expense of any Works which the Commissioners may consider necessary or desirable in regard to any of the said Churches, or any of the other Parochial Churches within the City of Edinburgh:

Second, towards Payment of any Salary or Allowance, permanent or temporary, at the Discretion of the Commissioners, to any Minister or Assistant appointed to serve and serving in any of the Parochial or District Churches in the said City connected with the Church of Scotland, for whom no Salary is provided in this Act; or towards the Increase of the Stipends or Salaries of the Ministers of the said Thirteen Churches; or to such other Ecclearnstical Purposes, within or connected with the said City, as to the Commissioners shall seem expedient.

XIX. The Accounts of the Commissioners shall, before the Publication of the same annually, be audited and examined with the Vouchers thereof, and docqueted by the Auditor for the Time being of the Court of Session, who shall receive from the Commissioners for his Services such Remuneration as shall be fixed by them; or in case the said Auditor shall consider the Remuneration proposed to be given by the Commissioners to be inadequate, he shall receive from them such Remuneration as shall be fixed by the Lord Ordinary of the; Bills, on the summary Application of the Auditor or of the Commissioners.

XX. If the Magistrates and Council, or any Person having an Interest in the Monies to be raised by means of the Assessments to be levied under this Act, shall h>sive reason to believe that the Duties hereby imposed on the Commissioners are not faithfully and duly discharged, he or they, with Concourse of the Lord Advocate, may, by summary Petition, bring the Matter complained of under the Cognizance and Consideration of the Judges of either Division of the Court of Session; and the said Judges shall, in reference thereto, make such Inquiries and issue such Orders as shall in the Circumstances appear to them to be just and expedient.

The Right of Patronage, as respects Five Charges, transferred to the Commissioners.

XXI. The Right of Patronage or of Presentation of Ministers presently belonging to the Magistrates and Council, as respects the Five following Churches and Charges, namely, the Tolbooth Church, the Old Church, and the Second Charge of each of the Three Churches having Collegiate Charges, that is to say, the Hig^i Church, the Tron; Church, and St Andrew's Church, shall be and the same is hereby, from and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty, transferred to and vested in and n\ay in all Time thereafter be held and exercised by the Commissioners$s Patrons thereof 'y end any. Presentation to such Churches and Charges shall be under the Comniau, Seal, of the, Commissioners: Provided, that it shall he in the Discretion of the: Commissi oners to make a Presentation or Appointment, either ad interim or permanent, to any One or more of the* said Five last-named Churches and Charges which may become vacant, or, to make> no Presentation or Appointment thereto, and to allow the same to Jap§e apd become extinct, as

223

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 50.

to the Commissioners shall seem most beneficial and expedient; and no Right of Presentation jure devoluto shall accrue to the Presbytery, and no Claim to any vacant Stipend shall be competent on Behalf of any Person, Society, or Corporation, as respects any Vacancy occurring after the passing of this Act, in any One of the said Five last-named Churches and Charges.

XXII. On Payment being made by the Commissioners to the Treasurer for the Time being of the City of Edinburgh of the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, or of such other Sum not exceeding Six hundred Pounds as may be agreed upon as the Value and Price of the Right of Patronage of any One or of each of the Parochial Churches or Charges in the said City (other than those of which the Patronage is by this Act expressly transferred to the Commissioners), or on such Payment being so made by the Kirk Session of any the said Churches or Charges, the Right of Patronage as regards such Church or Charge shall in either Case be transferred by the Magistrates and Council to and vested in the Kirk Session of such Church or Charge, and may in all Time thereafter be lawfully exercised by the Elders and other Male Members of the Church in which there is a Vacancy, or a Majority of their Number in full Communion, and whose Names have stood on the Roll of Communicants of such Church for not less than Three Years preceding the Occurrence of the Vacancy: Provided always, that the Monies received by the said Treasurer as the Price of the said Rights of Patronage, or any of them, shall be kept in a separate Account, and be laid out and invested in the same Way and applied to the same Purposes as the Redemption Monies which may be paid to the Magistrates and Council under the Provisions of this Act are appointed to be invested and applied.

XXIII. From and after the Eleventh Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty the Commissioners shall have and may exercise the whole Rights and Powers heretofore and now belonging to or exercised by the Magistrates and Council with respect to the Parochial Arrangements connected with the City of Edinburgh and the Churches and Parishes thereof, and may, with the Consent and Concurrence of the Presbytery of Edinburgh, from Time to Time unite, disjoin, or change the Boundaries of any of the said Parishes, as respects the Administration of Public Worship, and of the Sacraments, Pastoral Superintendence, and every other Matter or Duty in regard to which the Magistrates and Council might, with the like Consent and Concurrence, have united, disjoined, or changed the Boundaries of any of the said Parishes, provided that no Interest of a pecuniary, or otherwise of a properly civil Nature, shall be thereby affected; and the said Rights and Powers shall not after the passing of this Act belong to or be exercised by the Magistrates and Council.

XXIV. In case the Monies hereby directed to be applied by the Commissioners to the Payment of the Stipends or Salaries of the Ministers of the said Churches shall in any Year be insufficient for the Payment in full of all the said Stipends or Salaries, the Ministers who have been appointed to any of the said Churches after the passing of this Act, shall have no Claim for the Payment of any Stipend or Salary out of the said Monies, until the Stipend or Salary of every Person who at the passing of this Act was a Minister of any of the said Churches shall have been paid in full.

XXV. In lieu of and as an Equivalent for the Security which the Creditors of the City of Edinburgh now have over the free Produce of the Pew or Seat Rents of the Churches of the said City, after Deduction of all preferable Burdens, and of all other Expenses of the Ecclesiastical Establishments of the said City, the Magistrates and Council shall annually, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of January, transfer and pay over, from the Produce of the Assessments to be levied under the Powers of the "Edinburgh Police Act, 1848," and the " Edinburgh Municipality Extension Act, 1856," into the Account kept in relation to the Funds, Revenues, and Property made over to the said Creditors in Security of the Annuities on the Bonds of Annuity granted under the Provisions of the said Act First and Second Victoria, Chapter Fifty-five, such proportional Sum as shall correspond with a Rate of One Penny in every Pound of Four Fifths of the gross annual Value of the Property in respect of the Occupation of which the said Assessments are levied: Provided, that in case, under the Provisions of the last-mentioned Act, the said Creditors shall have adjudged or

23 & 24 VICT. F f shall

Sale of Bight of Patronage of Magistrates and Town Council of Edinburgh.

The Commissioners, with Concurrence of the Presbytery, may alter existing Parochial Arrangements.

Present Ministers to have a preferable Claim on the Monies provided by this Act.

Compensation to City Creditors, in lieu of present Security over Seat Bents.

W & sriVjqrpai ^, c. 50.

, w shall, a^jufee the f Funds, Rev^que *, and Property made over to theiq in Security, as set fortH Schedule (A.) to the said Act annexed, such Adjudication shall not extend to or include the free produce of the Pew or Seat Rents of the said Churches, but shall be hel4 to extend to and include the said annual Payment., ' v /

Nothing in this Act to affect the Rights of the City Creditors, &c. except as provided, respecting the Seat Rents.

XXVI. Subject to the Provisions hereinbefore enacted in respect of the Seat Reiit&bf the Citjr Churches, nothing in this Act Coqtained shall alter or affect! the Bdghfce tof thfe Creditors of the City of Edinburgh, as secured -by the recited Acte, and 4ho Bight lh Security created by this Act in favour of the Creditors in the said Annuities hre; hereby declared to be postponed to the Rights in Security created by the recited Aot8yin eo^far h& relates to the* Property thereby disponed or assigned for the Security of the smd Creditorf of the City, and the Rights of the said Creditors on relation thereto, near shall' any of the Provisions of this Act affect the Rights of any Persons holding Rights or Securities* evet the special Subjects or Property acquired unde* the Provisions of the Aeti T^nthu aafrd Eleventh Victoria, Chapter Forty-eight, or of the Act Thirteenth and Fourteenth-Futfon^ Chapter Seventy; and nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Commissioners lid interfere in any way with the Administration of the Property, Funds, Revenues, or Income hereby assigned in Security of the said Bonds of Annuity, so long as the said Annuities shall continue to be regularly paid.

Succeeding XXVII. From and after the Occurrence of the First Vacancy after the passing of this Minister in Act in the Second Charge of the Church and Parish of the Burgh of Montrose, by the Death, of l^artsh and* ^emission, or otherwise of the Minister at the passing of this Act holding that Charge, tKe Burgh of Mon- Successors in Office of such Minister shall have ho Claim to any Share of the Monies raised trose tohave fy, means of the Annuity Tax at present levied within the said Burgh for behoof of the Znn^.X° Second Minister thereof. \ t'- '

Patronage to . XXVIII. The Right of Patronage of the Second Charge of the Church and of

be vested in Montrose vested in the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Burgh smal^ bp otWh^hers transferred to and is hereby vested in and may in all Time coming he exercised by the of the Church. Elders and other Male Members of the Parish Church of Montrose, or any Majority of their Number being in full Communion, and whose Names shall have stood on the Roll of Communicants of the said Church and Parish for not less than Three Years next preceding the Occurrence of any Vacancy.

Provost, Magistrates, and Council to pay to succeeding Minister and his Successors a Salary of 200l. per Annum.

Kirk Session may levy Seat Rents.

XXIX. From and after the First Term of Whitsunday following the Vacancy in the Second Charge of the Church and Parish of Montrose first occurring after the passing of this Act, the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Burgh shall pay to the succeeding Minister of the said Second Charge and his Successors in Office an.aqnual Sma.of Two hundred Pounds, by equal Portions at the Tefms of Martimna\s and Whitsunday respective}jy from the first and readiest of the Corporate Funds of the said Burgh. ....., C[

XXX. From and after the First Term of Whitsunday following the VafcaUcy in1 the Church and Parish of Montrose first occurring after the passing of this Act, it Shall be lawful for the Kirk Session of the said Church and Parish and they are hereby required to impose and levy Pew or Seat Rents on not more than Nine Tenths of the Pews or Seats in the said Church, at such Rate as shall, in addition to the aforesaid annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds, together with any Stipend or Salary which may arise from the Interest of any Endowment hereafter made for the Minister of the Second Charge, or which may bef provided for him by means of special Church Door Collections, yield an annual Surf sufficient to provide for such Minister a Stipend of not less than Three hundred and forty Pounds.

Patronage of XXXI. The Right of Patronage or of the Presentation of a Person to be Minister of the Church of the Church and Parish of North Leith, heretofore belonging to and exercised by the " haill ^°tran^ferred> Inhabitants" thereof, under the Statute One thousand six hundred and six, Chapter Tweqty- from the"haill seven, -* by any of them, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease to he indnd Inhabitants," belong to the Said (C haill Inhabitants," and the same is hereby transferred to and vested in the ^"Heritors" Pers°ns, being of full Age, whose Names shall appear on the Valuation Roll in

and Coumiu-8 force for the Time as Proprietors or Occupiers of any Lands and Heritages situate within . i; :a ... the

.& ^'VICTORI^ *<!. 50.

tie said7 ^arisfi of North Leith, herein-after termed " the Heritors/' and the whole Male Communicants whose Names shall stand in the Communion Roll of the said Church and the Congregation thereof; and within Two Months after the passing of this Act the Heritors and Male Communicants shall meet on such Day as shall be named by the Kirk Session, of which Meeting*Intimation shall be made from the Pulpit of the said Church, and also by Advertisement in Three or more Newspapers published in ^Edinburgh not less than Eight Days previous to such Meeting; and it shall be the Duty of the Session Clerk to oause the necessary Intimations to be given; and at the Meeting so to be called the said Heritors and Male Communicants who shall be present thereat shall by a Plurality of Voices elect One of their Number to be Chairman of the Meeting, with a casting as well os a deliberative Vote^ and shall also elect a Clerk of the Meeting, and shall thereafter by a Plurality of Voices nominate a- Committee of their Number, not exceeding Twenty-five Persons* of inborn a Majority shall be a Quorum; and the Committee shall forthwith proceed to frame Regulations as to the Time and Manner of calling and holding future Meetings of the Heritors and Communicants, and of voting thereat, and as to any other Matters or Procedure necessary in order to carry into effect the Purposes of this Enactment; and the Regulations so made shall forthwith be published by Advertisement in such Newspapers as the Committee may direct, and shall after such Publication be submitted for the Approval of the Sheriff of Midlothian, and when approved by him shall be valid and effectual, and the whole future Procedure shall be regulated thereby; and when any Election of a Person to be a Minister shall have fyeen made under, the said Regulations, it shall be sufficient that the Deed of Presentation be subscribed by the Chairman of the Meeting at which the Election shall be made, and by any Three Members authorized by the Meeting to subscribe the same along with him; and such Deed of Presentation, when so subscribed, shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been subscribed by all Persons entitled to vote in such Election.

XXXII. All Stipends payable under this Act in respect of the Charge becoming^vacant, for the Period during which such Charge shall be so vacant, shall be payable to the Trustees for the Ministers Widows Fund for Scotland in the same Manner and for the same Purposes as the Stipends of vacant Charges are so payable by Law.

XXXIII. All Laws, Statutes, and Usages inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE (A.)

B>y virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty* third and Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act], we the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for ourselves, and as representing /the Community of the said City, bind and oblige ourselves and our Successors in Office, in Terms of the said Act, to pay to the " Edinburgh Ecclesiastical Commissioners," for the Purposes of the said Act, a perpetual Annuity of Four thousand two hundred Pounds, by equal Portions on the Second Day of February and the Fifteenth Day of May in each Year, commencing the Payment of the First Portion on the Second Day of February Ope thousand eight hundred and sixty-one: Declaring that the said Annuity and the said Commissioners shall have the full Benefit of all the Provisions of the said Act; and that theaaid Annuity shall be redeemable only on Payment at the Rate of One hundred Pounds for each Three Pounds Ten Shillings of Annuity.

__________/Lord Provost.

Treasurer.

__________Clerk.

jSi^grossed in the Records of the Town Council of Edinburgh of Date__________

/, r.*. __________City Clerk of Edinburgh.

ni n*./L ' i > ' '; ____ __________ '

fir ji // -, *:

nicants, and how to be exercised.

Vacant Stipends to be paid to Ministers Widows Fund.

Statutes inconsistent with this repealed.

X

226

I--V ls..nuui 01M ^'Sfe»E'i)tj!tEi0BiVft'u ', ' , T V. '>rtt

tM i-i »--/ f rr- m! I (1:1! t I i > *f :; j ' o v N \ >. ' \w w'M'i'Mu V>\y\ vh vM sbnv/'h O'X'iAl

By virtm of !*q< ©^sml in, ikb T weart 'JYMipS>ihs J&Wiff

Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled [here insert the Title of

Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, for ourselves, and as representing the Community of the said City, bind and oblige ourselves and our fSw^sK^jljnftSce, in Terms of the said Act, to pay to the Edinburgh Ecclesiastical Commissioner^ for behoof of the Reverend t)6ctdr John Hulitter, On^of fhcAfinfttetfe bfthe'Trdn C/h*rch of Edinburgh, [or the Reverend Doctor James McLetchie, One of the Ministers of the High Church of Edinburgh, or the Reverend Doctor George Smith, Minister of the Tolbooth Kirk of Edinburgh,] a perpetual Annuity of Pounds^ by equal Portions on the Second

Day of February and the Fifteenth Day of May in each Year, commencing the Payment of the First Portion on the Second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; which Annuity shall be payablq jye qnd/ until a Vacancy shall occur in the said

Church and Parish, but no longer; and declaring that the said Annuity, and the said Commissioners for Behoof aforesaid shall have the full Benefit of all the Provisions of the said Act

Lord Provost.

1 j1"'*'1 lo '

tvnfnntm on muon--Qleykji on c'xr, ') vniiM.

-.I:

; >.i n br j; I. '.A\, \ HI i«l {«

!; 1 ., ^1 i'u I'.in Jfi [*/:! r-nv-Tiiif? tT3

ft -i, .» 1 Xuill L L'jljxI -.i; u iit.i

ijngrbssecTin.ttje I^ecbr&a of thip Town douheaf o^!E(liDbu, r^fa..b^Date' <J >j3' '

_Gity Clerk of Edinikirgb. vd

1 ,

»'* r . > ' »M 1 11 - - 1 '! r f M ' ) .

*; '! t*l rt > 1 , 1.1 I- —

n[: if.' t* i', i if, A

.nn'ir*r'»vpf'') vm? or IT

iml.rn.-ro 1 -; t f' .-tul7Hp.nl

I H 'lift 'k

J.»0C7»l

SCHKTOLE .)

M - Tjillo vnfi

I nJ- /f N^l -'.n j<1) lol borvol

* (L) Revenue^ and Prbpdrties bfelongid^ 4oithe City of Edinburgh (but; subject tod tbi Security over the"eame to the Extent of ©he ttaeujaahil Pbbuds pe> Anrium ihr feuoubiof] tfcfe Creditors of the scud City treated by the Act Firet khd-Sefcond Vietbriay CMtorier^i\fty»-

five); viz.

7 ] >;

j: b.nJ-innl Jilgio

The Customs tyid Market Dpes of the s$tid ^ityjeyiable pnder the Au^o^teo^jthe; Mowing: LUal; iWts of pfffewneWj; vl^Thlrd

, Seventeen; beyenjth Victoria, Chapter Seven; len^h and Eleventh Yiptoru^ Chwfejr EbrtyT^Sght; j^pd j^he wWe ^tprket'Tlace#, Buildings, and PrppeyWs, fp

the said City, and generally tliejwhole Itevenup^ anp Properties jwmclj'hp^r ^elppg, or which may hereafter belong, to the said City under the Provisions of the^id Acts, or any of them.

1 f» '

; f n

(2.) Revenues and Properties which rtow-belong, or whidt may hereafter belong, to the said City uixler the Provisions of the Act Thirteenth and Fourteenth Victoria, Chapter Seventy.

{3.) Property described in> the ^Btattotory AccountsUrf the said City asheloragingfitOJthe Common Good, the Rents; add Feu Dtrtiesiofi tsrhifehiat-eloetidown mi the oaii> Aooqunti fiir the Year ended on First August Qtob1 thousand ei^hfc hundred raad fifty-iirifn^at fche-Shfinof Three hundred and thirty-seven Pounds Tfairteeri Shillings and Tehpenrtei 1 d w-. lo tooqs.3i

; rki fhus ot

* . scnfc-mxE tp.%

On behalf of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, ufrd Council of the CHyiof iBdiuihwrghycI hereby acknowledge that A B. has this Day nuide Payment tp as Treasurer ^f^heiS&id City of Edinburgh, of the .Sum of, \ ' t\ being, t^ of jhe

Asseiwinent

23«'fes2#-tl ^ftT-81

Assessment at the Rate of Threeppnppaitf the annual Value of his Property

There describe the Property and mention its Situation]; and I certify that the said Assessment ahaitore Claim »fori Payment thereof iin resfpeetof the' sakl l^operty is dfc(6hi^edM V'

iriseoiqoi %n hrut , hfrrlf>--uuf nH IruiiM ) inn; ' C!BirTieafeurer.

[Junk removed.]

An Act to provide for an annual Return of Rates, Taxes, Tolls, and Dues levied for local Purposes in England.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS Rates, Taxes, Tolls* and Dues to a large Amount are levied for Purposes (of local Goveip^$nt^nd Improvements in England\ and it is proper that Parliament

should be informed annually of all Slims s6 levied, and the" Expenditure thereof, but in 1 many Cases no sufficient ^Provision has .been made ibr that Purpose Be it therefore enacted by the Que^n^s most Exce^lejnf Majesty, by*-pnd; with the Adviyp apd Consent of the ioids-Spiritual'and ^Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by .tl^iAuthtir&y sante, as follows: ________

I. The Clerk to any Corporation, Justices, Commissioners, District or other Board, Vestry, Inspectors, Trustees, or other Body-or Persons authorized to levy or to order to be levied, any of the Rates, Taxes, Tolls, or Dues mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, or an^ other compulsory Rates, Taxes, Tolls^r Dyp^in England (other than such as are levied for the Public Revenue of the United Kingdom), shall make a Return of the Sums kftied iir>jifeceived' Ky-ioifiii tespecfc t>f .touch Rate8yiThxeB, Tqll*, j ahcl Dues, and of the dhpfimdUucet thereof, !tb Gne of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in the Month e^VSne; inifi^dry i Year Y the First Jietum; to be madeMn the Month of Juris One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

227

Clerks of Bodies empowered to levy Rates, &c., to make annual Returns to Secretary of State.

s|otcts, Bd^rdi Iii^ectori, Trustees1, Qt'other, or^ Persons, shall "he made up, pnd shall

[Axi\biiji\d 'levied^''iin'd experiaed respectively. With such other Particular^ and in sdra^f^as shiall ^t'o^*Tim^ be ordered by srjclj Secretary of State .; '

III. Where no Clerk is appointed or acting, the Treasurer m other/Officer^ keeping the

Accounts of the Iteoeipts and Expenditn^e of the Cbrp<M»tion> JIudtioes, Commissioners, Board, Vestry, Inspectors, Trustees, or other Body or Persons by any Rates, Taxes, Tolls, or Dues herein-before mentioned are levied or ordered to be levied shall make the Retornt>«$delation thereto; and where any such Rateb, Taxes, T^Jls, Dues ate levied ^41 expended i or ttb\ be aoeohnted for f by Churchtraidensi Ghapelw^tdehe, or any Gffioets ^or Pet80ils notiraiiithorilzfai td aefc ^a I a: lEfciatd^ such; RelUrna, as m etreini-before! mentioned in respect of such IWesqTs&eb^Tejlk^ rtlmjEkpenditt^re theareofi shall fee made by such Churchwardens, Chapelwardens, or other Officers or Persons, and they shall be severally liable in respect of any Neglect to make the same.

IV. Amy Clerk, Treasurer, Churchwarden, Officer, or other Person required as aforesaid to make such Return who neglects ty do^p ^he^onth of June in any Year shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, to be recoverable

on'tpmlMi^ChnyfcQonJthtaetf^ t-ov<nrT (Yrnj -Mf Vm I ,; , ')

Returns to be made for the latest Year for which Accounts are made up.

Who are to make Returns in certain Cases.

necessary

Penalty for Defhult

Saying for Returns already required.

228

Abstracts of Returns to be laid before Parliament.

Poor Rate, Returns to be made to Poor Law Board as heretofore. Saving for Joint Stock Companies and private Rights of Toll, &c.

[Short Title.]

Rules as to Cubical Dimensions of the Metropolitan

24" VKXrOKL/ 'c. 31/52.

necessary any further or other Return in respect of the same Matters: Provided aiv^s, that the said Secretary of State may, by his Order published in the London Gazette> dfirfect that all or any of such Returns now required as aforesaid shall in future be made *under this Act, and shall be subject to the Provisions and Penalties thereof.

VI. The said Secretary of State shall every Year cause the Returns transmitted to him under this Act to be abstracted, and the Abstract, thereof to be laid before both Houses of Parliament t,

VII. This Act shall not extend to the Rates levied for the Relief of the Poor, or the Expenditure thereof, but the Returns thereof shall continue to be made to the Poor Law Board, as by the Orders of such Board shall from Time to Time be directed.

VIII. This Act shall not extend to any Tolls or Dues taken by any Railway, Canal, or Joint Stock Company as Profits of their Undertaking, or to any Tolls or Dues taken by Prescription or otherwise as private Property.

SCHEDULE.

Church Rates and Chapel Rates; whether made by the Common Law or ufidec/the Church Building Acts, or under any other Act of Parliament, , t t

Sewers Rates and " General Sewers Tax," and all Rates, Scots, and Taxes i levied by Courts or Commissioners of Sewers; whether levied under the Acts of the 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 22. and 4 & 5 Vict. c. 45. or under any other Act of Parliament, or by Charter, l^sage, or Custom.

Rates under the Act for the lighting and watching Of Parishes, 8 & 4 W. 4. c. 90.

Rates levied by Improvement Commissioners or other Commissioners, or by any Trustees or Corporation acting under any Local Act for the paving, draining, cleansing, or Tfratohifcg, Improvement or Regulation of any Town or District

Rates levied by or under the Order of any Vestry or District Board, under the Act 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120., for the better Local Management of the Metropolis. 1

Tolls and Dues levied under the Authority of Parliament in respect of Markets, Bridges, or Harbours.

CAP. LII.

An Act to alter and amend " The Metropolitan Building Act (1855).* ,

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS certain Rules of u The Metropolitan Building Act, 1855," have been found

" to operate prejudicially by limiting the Contents of Buildings to be erected as

Workshops for the Manufacture of the Machinery and the Boilers of Steam Vessels, ' and as the increased and increasing Size of such Machinery and Boilers for the Royal and

Commercial Marine of this Country requires larger Areas for their Manufacture than ' are allowed by such Rule, it is expedient to amend the said Act:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of thle Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Metropolitan Building Act (Amendment), 1860."

II. The Rules of "The Metropolitan Building Act, 1855," limiting the Cubical Dimensions or Contents of Buildings used either wholly or in part for the Purposes of Trade or Minufac-ture, shall not after the passing of this Act apply to any Building to be Us4d whtolly for the

Manufacture

; ^ol&.24"!Vl«T0RlIffi, l fc. 32; ©. , 229

./Jffiiwifboture of the Machinery and Boilers of Steam Vesfefek beyond the Distance of Three Building Act,

3 'MrfleeYfeom' fietititPhufo Cathedral: Provided always, that every such Building shall consist 'i6f Ohe^ FlOoronly, and shall be Constructed o(Brick, Stone, Irofa, or other incombustible fngs^obeused Material; and it shall not be lawful fot the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers thereof, or for for the Manu-trany, Persons interested therein, to use, such Building for any other Purpose thai^L the " Manu)F!|ctjure(of the Machinery and the Boilers of Steam Vessels until all" the Buies and jki Provisions of the said Act, as to Party Walls and other Matters which are applicable jto Steam Vasils, Buildings of a similar Character, shall have been duly complied with: Provided also, that (every such Building, if df greater Dimensions than Two hundred and sixteen thousand Cubic g^u consist of dfeet} shall' be subject to the Approval of the Metropolitan Board of Wofrks, in thesapae One Floor only, Manner as Iron Buildings or Buildings to which the Buies of the said Act are inapplicable &c- as set forth in the Fifty-sixth Section of such Act.

CAP. i MIL

An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits by the Duke of, Cornwall in relation to Real Property, and for authorizing certain Leases of Possessions, of the Duchy.

[23d July 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of King George the Third, Chapter 9 G. 3. c. 16. Sixteen, Provision is made for limiting the Right of the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to sue, impeach, question, or implead any Person, Body Politic or Corporate, for or concerning any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, or Heredita- 4 meats whatsoever (other than Liberties or Franchises), or for or concerning the Revenues,

4 Issues, or Profits thereof, and for quieting Possessions and Titles against the Crown: j^nd f whereas an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of 7 & 8 Vict Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and five, to confirm and enfranchise the Estates of c-105 *

the Conventionary Tenants of the ancient assessionable Manors of the Duchy of Cornwall, and to quiet Titles within the County of Cornwall as against the Duchy, and for other Purposes/' but the Provisions of the said Act for quieting Titles within the County of Cornwall as against the Duchy do not extend to any Property, Right, Claim, or Question 4 of, to, or concerning Navigable^ Riv^rEstumes, Ports, or Branches of the Sea, or the Fundus or Soil thereof respectively, or the Shores between High and Low Water Mark thereof respectively: And whereas it is expedient that as to Hereditaments not within the County of Cornwall, and alsfr jas tq such Hereditaments within the said County as are excepted from the Provisions of the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, the Limitation applicable to Actions and Suits by the Crown should be made applicable to Actions and Suits by the Duke of Cornwall Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

", i, I. All the Provisions of the said Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Third now Provisions of J1 applicable to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, shall extend and be applicable to the 9 3. c. 16.

Y Dpke of Cornwall, in like Manner as if the same were re-enacted and the Duke of Cornwall tfons of Actions " wfere throughout mentioned or referred to where the King's Majesty" or His Majesty" is and Suits to lTin the said Act mentioned or referred to, subject nevertheless aa to the Property and Possessions included in this Act, to the Provisions contained in Sections Seventy-two and wal^e 0 0TU-

Sw^niyrfive of the Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years, of Her Majesty above referred to with respect to the Property and Possessions included therein.

-m f fJL: Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained shall extend to the Property Nothing to af-- oniPUeaessions in relation Ho which Provision for the Limitation of Actions and Suita and of? &Tvict8

by the said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Het Majesty, c. 105., 2^3 1 Or W.4-. c. 71.,

and 2 & 3 W.4, c. 100.

to ' .Ml' ) M; L

.-.-.a

r J t ' ')t» 21 & 22 Vkrt:, u

c. 10fc i^J.j .-'I

* ..; /i *; > v.

?. 11)

» r i ..'V[

Power to Council to grant Leases of Property declared to be vested in the Duke of Cornwall by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 109.

Construction of the Expression " Duke of Cornwall."

6 & 7 Vict c. 20.

or affect, tiro P^visjops of :tl^ct of Se^n^ol4o» in fthp; Second-fa^1 iTbirdj:Yepi»r6f His late Majesty, Chapter feevcnty-one," for shortening the Time of Prescription Htioertoiti " Cases," or of the Act of the same Session of parliament, Chapter^ One hundred, |\for shortening1tbc^iitte1 required in Chilfnij of ^qdus declmahcti of Ejxeinption /rpnji tf)f

Mi. > I- yr, i ',) Mil] to

W Discharge of Tithes:

Cornwall as Part of the Soil and Territorial Possessions of #hp aaid Pochy* dmL this Declaration is not to extend to the Mines and Minerals in or under Land below High-water Mark which is part and Parcel of any Manor belonging to Her Majesty in right of Her Crown; and it is by the said Act provided, that in that Act, unless there is something in the Context repugnant to such Construction, the Expression " Mines and Minerals" shall comprehend all Mines and Minerals, and all Quarries, Veins or Beds of Stone, and all Substrata of any other Nature whaisdeve^J and tlife Ground and Soil in, upon, and under

iHlghheis Albert Edward Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall that any Pajjt the L^ftd o^ Hereditaments] by the saJd Cornwall Submarine Minis Act declireof tp^be^ vested i^His.; gftidl Royal Highness as Part of the Soil and Territorial PdssCSsfcns or \be Ih^ohyof Cornwall hm been inclosed: hr otherwise improved by or at the Expense of Hrro^ Pprs9n|in -tfeei Possession thereof, or of ariy Person under 'Whom he clainis, it khdlf be 1n\vfiil for the-s^id Council during the Minority of His said Royal Highness to demise 4he:Lhtid 6r Hereditaments improved, or any Part therepf, for such Term not exceeding Ninety-krine Years; in possession, and subject to such Remt, Reoervationls, Conditions, nnd: AgfeetaeriW ns nude? the Circumstances of tiro Case may opperlr to the said Council justhrtd reasphatbleT' m, d oveiry such Lease shall be ipade under the Great or Privy Seal df His "said lWymj Highness, and shall be enrolled in the Office of the Dnchy of Cornwall. 1 f 1

, i., f . t\ y

IV. In- the Construction of this Act the 'Expression uThe Duke of Cornwall* shall include as well His Royal Highness Albert Edward now Duke of Cornwall as his Predecessors and Successors Dukes of Cornwall* and also the QueeuW most Excellent'! Majesty anil Alcr Predecessors and Successors, Kings and Queens of England for the Time1 being entMedt#" the Lands and Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall or the Revetauce thereof Qurfig1 a Vacancy of the Duchy of Cornwall.

* if

CAP. LII.

An Act to amend an Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for regulating the Crown Office* . n

[6th August 1860.1,;

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of Hot Majesty, intituled An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Croicn Side af the ) Court of Queen's Bench, and for regulating the Crown Office, as relates to the Nfimber

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consents oL the Lords-^piritual-and

7; , Temporal,

34^VIdt01W^:, ' !c:54/5£.

iTeoipofai; 1'^nlcl ICCniffiOttsf mjlhfli P&Hiam&ht hdsembl^d, and by the Authority-Ojf

fthdJsnrriC*:fl1"|, iri 1, 1 , ii:i 1 t!l*; 4* , T"' 0 1 *'' '< '' /

loif. aid passing pi* this Act the 0fj$pej of; ^ssistapt ^fa^tpr now vacant,

Side of ithe said Court, shall be abolished, and the Officers on, the Crown Slide of the said Court shall be the Queen's Coroner and Attorney and One Master.

l>ITiIir Jttyflehd1 of the CerlJ^cate required by the Third Section of the herein-before recited Atoi tb'1fcljgi^n'T'by the L6rd Chief Justice of the Court oftQueen's Bench before filling up my:Vabalncy ^itiany anfch Office, it shall be sufifoieut if the said Chief Justice shall certify In' the MAriii^r prescribed by the said Act that it 13 necessary for the efficient and satisfactory ©otfddet -of Ihd Blisihesfc of thd Crown Side of the said Court that such Vacancy shall be ffiledflifal; '^uch'Certificate to be made tb the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, apd iollaidBefbte^Parliament, by the said recited Act is provided: Provided always, that

H> shhl}(bc' la\ffuPfo> the' said llord Chidf Justice to fill up the Office of, Master on the GtWh 'Side1 of the said Court (such Office being ito\v also vacant) immediately after the passing of this Act, and without certifying as last aforesaid.

>231

As to Office of Assistant Mas* ter on Crown Side of Queen's

Benclv

Prescribing Mode of filling up fnture Vacancies in Offices.

Present Vacancy in Office of Master.

-If I *! I T 1 /. iHT '"M I \!

wk inn; , mi< ' j<

bm: rift j

C A R ' LV *

An^Abtf^td tKe ItidoduiV bf certain^ tands in pursuance of a Special

iKb?Iriclo^upe 'Cop^ntissipner?. > v [6th August 1860.]

4t&alnefosujroCorimnssionersfbr JSnffhaid and Wales hare, in pursuance of

>d? V> ^Thp Acts for the JhOloaute^xehaoge, add Improvement of Land," issued their

jToyjsiowl jOrdpr^ for and icofncerning the proposed Indofeures mentioned in the Schedule 'fto^i^jApk apd tbp ye^ui^ite'Consents thereto have been given since the Date of their

Amd whereas the said Commissioners have by a Special ' 1/bfc9P9, ft certified theh Opinion that &uoh proposed Enclosures would be expedient \ but the r cannot beproceeded with without ithe; previous Authority of Parliament: Be it engcfofl by, thp Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Consent of the; X^rds; Spirituohand Temporal , amd Commons, in* this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows!:

J. That the said several proposed Inplosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be Schedule may pta&eded with. ' be proceeded

with.

citing this Act in jother Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be ghort Title, father the Expression ° The Second Annual Inclosure Act, 1860/* or "The ^ct» i9f; tba ln<4wiu'0(Exchange, luidlmprorement of Land."

Inclosures in

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

yih >ui - ' . Harborough Banks >ii i w - ' 'lU Clpwd^(f o^Cop^oa Bfomeqberrow -. -SilteU Ootritnbhs 1 ' - " " CWekdndoh ' - -Sarnfcn (VSramhn ->i - i Hereford Somerset - -Warwidk -: -Carmarthen - -Gloucester - -Dorset - -, -, -Oxford -Brecon - - _ _ M w 22d December 1859. 22d December 1859, 5 thr January 1860. 19th January 1860. 9th February 1860. 23 d February 1860. 16th February 1860. 22d December 1859. 7th June 1860. 17th May 1860. 17th June 1858.

: - *' ' ' 1 ' 1: ' Nekton Jfottogo --; .» > - CIi^VRW^tag^ - - nuumn — — Glamorgan Berks -

, fS8', S 24 Vict. Og

, - U '

v:, v, i ?/ ' .[i

1* *1T Vifet' ft 1^7. '

3 & 4 Vitft. .c, 63.

V

Power to Harbour Commissioners of Isle of Man to borrow Money for effecting Improvements in Harbours.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, >c. 56.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to make further Provision for Improvements in the Harbours of the hh of Man.

[6th August 1$60.]

WHEREAS by wThe Customs Consolidation Act, 1853/' Section Three hundred" anti 41 fifty-four, it is provided, that the annual Sum of Two thousand three hundred 6 Pounds, made payable by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Eighth and Ninih Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four, Section Twenty-five, to Her Majesty's Receiver General in the Isle of Man, and to be applied for the lawful Purposes of the

Harbour Commissioners therein mentioned, shall be retained and paid by the Collector 6f

Customs of the said Isle out of the Duties collected in the said Isle, us therdn-befoce

provided; and by Section Three hundred and fifty-five of the said Customs Consolidation A<j t ' it is provided that, in addition to the Deductions from the Customs Duties thereiri4)efore provided for, there shall be set aside annually a Sum equal to One Ninth Part of the Amount

derived from such Duties, to be applied by the Commissioners of the Treasury in effecting Improvements in the Harbours and other Public Works in the Isle of Man, the necessary ' Repairs and Improvements in the Harbours taking Priority to other Public Works i and that it shall be lawful for the Court of Tynwald from Time to Time to determine whpt ' Improvements and Public Works shall be so undertaken, the Lieutenant Governor, haying ' a Veto upon such Decision: And whereas under an Act of the Session holden iel the Thirs and Fourth Yenrs of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-three, the said Harbour c Commissioners are empowered, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow from the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of King George the Third, Chapter Thirty-four, Money for the

Improvement of the Harbours of the said Isle, on the Security of certain Duties therein mentioned and since repealed, and the said annual Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds

is now applicable to' the same Purposes to which the said repealed Duties would be lawfully applicable: And whereas for expediting Improvements in the said Harbours it is expedient that further Power should be given to raise Money on the Security of the said annual

Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds, and that Power should be given to raise

Money on the Security of the Sums annually applicable to Improvements under Section

Three hundred and fifty-five of the said Customs Consolidation Act:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent iof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the said Harbour Commissioners or the major Part of them (of whom Her Majesty's Receiver General in the Isle of Man, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall be one), from Time to Time, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to borrow, of or from any Commissioners, Body, or Person willing to advance the same, on the Security of the said annual Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds, to be applied under the said Section Three hundred and fifty-four, and the Sums to be set aside annually for effecting Improvements under Section Three hundred and fifty-five of the said Customs Consolidation Act, 1853, or on the annual Sums, so to be .applied or set aside under either of such Sections, such Sum or Sums of Money as such Hanbour Commissioners or the major Part of them (of whom the said Receiver General or his said Deputy shall be one), with such Approbation as aforesaid, may deem necessary, for the Purpose of effecting Improvements in the said Harbours, and by any Deed or Deeds under the Hands and Seals of the said Harbour Commissioners, or such Majority of them as aforesaid, to charge the said annual Sums on the Security whereof any such Money as aforesaid may be borrowed with the Repayment of the Principal Money and Interest, according to the Terms agreed on with any Commissioners or other Body ot Person by whom the respective Advance may be made, without Prejudice, so far as respects the said annual Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds, to any Security given to the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of King George the Third, and not then discharged.

II. The

II. The Commissioners acting in execution of the said Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of King George the Third, Chapter Thirty/-fdur, and in the Execution of any Act or Acts for gnei}(Jincr or continuing the same, may make Advances, or further Advances upon the rSfecur^ty of the said annual Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds, and of the Suins; io be set aside annually under the said Section Three hundred and fifty-five of the said iCpsfcoDte Consolidation Act, or of either of the said annual Sums, and upon such Terras* as to the Time and Mode of Repayment and otherwise, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may approve, any thing in an Act of the Session holden in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty, notwithstanding.

III. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may declare what shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Commissioners or other Bodies or Persons advancing such Money in respect of the Advances made by them, and shall also give such Directions as may appear to them proper for'securing the due Repayment, out of the annual Sums on the Security of which any Money may be borrowed under this Act, of the Money so borrowed, with the Interest thereof. 4

IV. Any Security purporting to be executed by the said Harbour Commissioners or by such Majority of them as aforesaid, and which shall be approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall not be impeachable on account of any Informality in the Election or Appointment of such Harbour Commissioners Or of any of them, or on account of hiiy Deficiency in Number of the general Body of such Commissioners for the Time being.

V. All Money which may be borrowed on the Security of the Sums to be annually set aside u?der Section Three hundred and fifty-five of the said Customs Consolidation Act shall be applied to such Improvements and Works only as the Court of Tynwald shall have determined fo be undertaken; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may give ^uch directions as they may think fit for securing the Application of such Money accordingly, and generally for securing the due Application of the Money to be borrowed under this x

VI. No Work which may be determined to be undertaken by the Court of Tynwald shall be commenced or be constructed below High-water Mark at ordinary Spring Tides, nor shall any Works other than those of maintaining, repairing, and cleansing in any Harbour, or on the; Shores of the Isle of Man, be commenced or be constructed by any Commissioners or Person, whomsoever below such High-water Mark without the previous Consent of the Loffd High. Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being, to be signified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, and then only according to such Plan, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, may approve, such Approval being signified as last aforesaid; and where any strch Work shall Waive been constructed it shall not be lawful for the Court of Tynwald or any Commissioners br Person at ariy Time to alter or extend the same, without obtaining previously to making any such Alteration or Extension the like Consent or Approval, and if any such Work shall be commenced or completed or be altered or extended contrary to the Provisions of this Act, 5t shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to ribate, alter, and remove the same, and to Restore the Site thereof to its former condition.

VII- If any Work be constructed in any Harbour, or on the Shores of the Isle of Mdn9 lender, over, through, or across any Tidal Water, which affects or may affect any such Water or Aoqess thereto, shall be abandoned or suffered to fall into Disuse or Decay, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to abate and remove the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as he or they may at any Time or Times deem fit and proper, and to restore the Site thereof to its former, Condition.

r i- / -f -

tt f 1 G g 2

Power to Public Works Loan Commissioners acting under 57 G. 3. c. 34. to lend Money notwithstand-ip*?ny thing $k 16 & 17 Vict c. 40.

Power to Treasury to give Directions for giving Effect to the Security, &c.

Securities not to be affected by certain Informalities.

Application of Money bor: rowed on Sums applicable under Sect 355 of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 107.

Consent of Admiralty to be signified before Works are commenced.

Power to Admiralty to remove abandoned Works.

* :7 *f / >. I

ty i«

7l3il OTX7 ft4-S 74

n<'*i tj.rii, '*, .(!)/. 34! ti , vrnli-v

71 lf 11 I'' »<! r u) 11'I /ml ', <1 '1, 1, 1 .; >i , |, / i I*'* .; , *1' I T-fito , (,), floi'i /i< I -lo

r n, i 1 :1111 tu I 11 \n L -Hi; ^IJVIIx A *iYi'n o), Hl vlui if I Hj:i1h

sW *

Q<wi9lwmrA, fi9i^, il8M'fif xt.*A

/*-<u Ji J.-, /, CpW , 4Y^; «y

I>11; : *nlj

oi ->th 'i.! 1; /: vA ><! fi

att(l H«r(y^'tbfel«Uitt if iTefe

Wfei4fileikhl

of Four Pounds per Centum p^hhu^yiihd Att tfP tfhe (Le^felafurfc '

the Repayment, as aforesaid, of such Loan, with Interest, was secured^ th^tfctyeiktes ' and Public Property of that Island: And whereas the Principal Sum of Four thousand

fire hundred and ninety-fives Pound* Six, §htf li*g§ and Tepp^ce i* redup^ion of

* i the) said, Sum oliTou rthbusoad Eoutda ,; j 9^tf 90^4.

I Inrgrf. Ainrears of Jatapaft fcbnrfcw *, reomoft MqpaicU 4fl4, \yheff's thp , 4^ff98 TjpwiWF"

n.' ?' '«. , <. -.vil

sury *ol accept '' an Annuity in > lieu of Monies'-due in respect t of fialanoe of . Loan due from Dominica,

rtqr per Cerihim, andtl^ey wbuld prbpO^ that sdc^StfnrV Xnpuitjr/or Twenty Years, cbfnpiueu1 rit:fthfe' Rrifc W^Thtfboitntl ft;

(IlitCreSt Ann.nVif'tn-^-1^-- >l

* whereas

authorized _ t

'accept the Repayment of the Bnlaho^ dh^ ifi fesbe^ bf the1 tfrtfd libriri byeuihpIh^tftlstfeWfi j or Annuity as aforesaid \ Be it thbefore ehaidted4/y thfc1'QtooW, a'fttofetEtfOetteut' Majtidtjh* by and with the, Advice and ChrisCnt of the Lorfs1 Spdritiial aridifVftfpbihly aWd f$QmTK)1l*) in this present Parliament assembled^ and br thfe Authority bf1 the aariiC; as fodcrtte {*^thatdb to say,) *''' 1, 1 ' 1 r "M' 1" 11 ' , h >.i vU\l i^rxl oj unibi^j/L

[it ft shall be lawful for [flip Ctn^i^ohi&'Wiftif!Thurify, 1 !f 4t/&taJlJ apf)Jar to them that the Legislatute of the said Island 6f tiofnlmca^ naVb WiadWa legal" Piwrfeidtf'fbV the Payment of such annual Instalments or Annuity foV ^xvtiity rfekr* as htreiri-J>eteY^ iheAtibned; to direct that) such Payment be acriepted, i^ jli^uida^pOTri^ iolrespect crf tfeejBalarice bf thteaaid Loan Of, Ten thou$o|id, Poprid^OiWi all IiUex^du ^, to become duoiri respect thereof, -i ijT: /Mf. 'in; ,

In caho oi' t)U-solution of Society under

An act; tb! ritoetid this Act' of llte Eighteenth und Nineteentlr- Y4or» irfhHftf

Majesty relating; t^'Societies/' '{T lf A./1; 1 1 11r 1 [0th l&UgkMt 180©Xf

IjpAt epa^ted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice antf *" Consent of t, hc Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and 06miriori ^, in Pirliti4nt

as^qnjbled^.ang by thp Authority of the sairi^ ris foltby^: ' '* ll 1

f Tt* "C 1'ivo'lM jiiJ illivy Hi

L I^oasoiof theiDSsswlntionidfaSodetyi ficO^ding ^thq, P/TM^PWi

ineteenth Years ot Her Majesty, Chapter

Section of the Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth '

Sixty-

Sixty-three, it shall notfbV'necessary to state fn Agfeenx&Tt ttt iiifieilded Appropriation

or Division of the Funds or other Property, but it shall be lawful to the Members, if they shall think fit, to refer such Appropriationt>r Dif'is/on to the Award of the Registrar; and

{ are' lto titebt thd1 \5lh5in»T tHerbbtf, 1! With* tin* GroundA uportWh&hXjSkch jieh^yttnn W'proved, it shall be lawful for the Registrar to iuvesiigate the same, and

oc, iet$f js-in ap inMlyenJ.Contli»n» IWitdl»yyw?»Wlpncorned, tha^tWAflf|i.ir3 of fthq, Pei«Wr8b9wW npan^iqpglfjtiipia Termination, he detail make an inward to that

.thp. Jii^apd ofj tlvpSociety, shall

#*0*4 *JW X&Pfc the l^ovwions of the,

Ije-fiWnpVed. ^th, j p^vuded; tija$.preyipWtp such Iny4*f^gat'ionthq

RllNW-dlW »W.JMh)1 WrWpffifiWW 'Vf#'*$» W tyo >erit by/Pdst

Q#i^/Otl}ce^|of^chv§ppiety, at thp Plaice wl^ere wch' Sdcijetjr

hoid^u*^ip«i^g4,

II. Every Award so made as aforesaid by the Registrar shall be final and conclusive on

all Members and other Persons having any Claim on the Funds of the said Society, without

i^fieaff^a'HHkirbb'bAI^'in' thd MWnhei* ad by Sebtion Forty-bnte* of the: sakl Act

"thA1 ASViitd of ArbitrAWfB^ And thb lEjapenafee^ ofiasuoh AwuiH, *

aHa^iffiK^n^tllid Wot:ffie'l6f1Difedl(it^ thA Oa^te^ft^lkb^ paifl but of itho Jiluhds1

«g$6feiWfbi^ \iir', ^v\

Iiorsf^orl Jr; '

Of() lCMlIUIf5lvi.il 1 J f; . 1 i\ y. .<y.\ *. \ *(> , <!((jw ) J ) .w»f. f; , i j <]a t . f

ofiWIiirW^w fyr D Js^jut^of pfi $*jS OQiety ft^th^rfzea by l^cljioi£ Thirte^n,

<tffthfe#*jd A#t ^JlibiS ty, t^ ,; ^jfit|^v; >nd' \vhen any Awarcl ai^thorizedi^to,

he taad^bjffllhiaiAflt.sdiaU. thfi «lo4p Ipyithp %gjptjq*r, ' ftpjtipp, thprepf shall, wtthiOj Twenty-one, B*y?< tften jthftf f*m< M*W* b(VV9, open, j«p. tfp^piittpd of, j^ade respectivelyj bp advertised, ^y, ^\R^i9t^rJ ^, ptft:, $9Wtie8-, ip ^Wappf, id(t ps respect Societies,

tfciJMMftfritVIthfli^'ppcjfcs '.Societies in ih; the Dub^n,

wirtliqiTbr^ i^ajenda^j^pptbe.Crpmi(tfce. D^tp of, the' Gazeftb. in which. *iiebrj^vpBttawpe^ttsh^lliftPReft^ J^pi^er., Of.pdi9rlVc«, of, ^teBested "ip of flaying, any, CMmfoMtarfiw^ flf; , tj|e; &0!cicfly phall.co^eu^ei.^rqceedinOT to spt aside the Elis^pTution, ^tbj): Somittf. , e«{ip%qmpt' WPW, 4l^W?A* W; 4r^i^4' Wf' $Poiety shall be considered, fan<attrJirthiM#i^)*di^jWPf3^l)apd/iR; !^ Qpppjlp 9(f, Iiftw ppd.K^H^dl8v^ega'!x diysolv^d, and, fta. a^p|i Qrjpath^.^eipwhei.to the .'Application to the

Registrar, to have been duly obtained, without Proof of the Signatures thereto.

ijsI^n^lRfgi^r^.lwq'npitVwtp^w^puJipHthed to-Pt^liamjnt shpll pep forth {he Rtwtiefi&wf 9K«iy the Tppywipps of tupt Act which hje may have'made

A

01'V.^Itt^ard'to, 'S6cieW^'which1 have been dissolved before^the passing, of thia Aefc, if JRifihe df-ihiy'Agi^emest1 'ftvr 'tjh^ Gissolutioli of snohl Society, tdrwdyi ttonstahted <» thei Registrar, or of any Award made under Section Thirtcert^ (rf.>tha eaid Aht, 'Aalii witJ(iinl Three Months after the passing of this Act be advertised in such Gazette as aforesaid, the Provisions of Section Three of this Act shall apply in the same Way as if such Agreement and Award had been transmitted'gud made subsequent to the passing of this Act

VI. The Eighth Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and one, is hereby repealed; but where, previously to the passing of this Act, any ApplisAtScPi- has heed malle to the Registrar respecting the Biidohbtion' oSi Society! und^ Ift8, pajd; $W*k>n, fut^ So^jety phallbe di&sftlyed, m p^asaipe ttpdiwith t^iSame Incidents as if this y^pt^ppe nptj ^ed, and fyf, tbp ^prposjew of such Dissolution the said Section shall be deemed to remain in lull Force.

TTnji vbf. 'Hi! fit: //' J*. v<! p; n T/, f, , i; fi

xpfyle in transmitting t ^lie Registrar before the First D^y*rcy June in each Year the general Statement or Copy of the last annual Report of any Society,

in compliance with the provisions of Section Forty-five of the Act of the Session of the ElfiHt^mith Slid [Nittfeteehth'' of1 Victoria^ Chapter Sixty-threei the Officer making I aiich

235

Sect 13. of 18 & 19 Vict c. 63., not ne> cessary to state in Agreement intended Division of Funds, but may refer the same to the Award of the Kegfctfttvi i.

Registrar's Award to he conclusive without Appeal.

Evidence of Dissolution.

Registrar's annual jHepvtXo' contain Par*^ ,

ci4ai» of Ajmrd* Provialonsas to Societies diasoived heftwe passing of this Act

Sect 8. of 21 & 22 Vict c. 101. repealed.

Penalty for not making annual Return in compliance with Sect p. of

9 & ib VUt.

c. 27.

23ft 23" & 24' VICTORIE, c. 58, 59.

i

Default shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered, ' tWtli Costs, at the Suit of the Registrar, before Two or more Justices, as to England in manner, i directed by art Act passed in the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Y&irt of the1 Reigh of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to facffltltte* the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England riwrf Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, and as to Scotland before'Tvro dr more Justices or the Sheriff of the County, in manner directed by the Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Rfeign Of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and four, intituled An Act to amend dr) consolidate the Acts relating to Merchant Shipping, as regards Offences in Scotland against1 that Act, not being Offences by that Act described as Felonies or Misdemeanors, and as to Ireland in manner directed by the Act passed in the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Chapter Ninety-three, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings1 of Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, or ferny Act passed for the Amendment of the above mentioned Acts; and the Justices or Sheriff imposing any Penalty under this Act may direct the whole or any Part thereof to be applied in or towards Payment of the Costs of the Proceedings; and subject to such Direction all Penalties shall be paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer, in such Manner as the Treasury may direct, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. t

i

If Accounts not VM. If the Accounts and Returns required from certain Friendly Societies by the made to Com- Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to Section Thirty-four of surat°t(>eSect!1 the said Act, be not made within Thirty Days after the same have been required, the 34 of is & 19 Account of the said Society shall be closed by the said Commissioners, and thenceforth .no terest thereon11' ^nterst shall be credited to such Society thereon, until such Accounts and Returns shall be to cease, &c. furnished to the said Commissioners, or the Money be withdrawn.

b PiteC btrar IX. Any Application authorized by Section Twenty-four of the said recited Act to be 7 gls made by any Person on behalf of a Society, may be made by the Registrar.

This and X. This Act and the Friendly Societies Acts, 1855 and 1858, shall be construed as One

deties ActTto an(^ may c*tec* toge^ier for *dl Purposes as the Friendly Societies Acts *

be construed *

as One.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to extend the Provisions of the Universities and College Estates Act (1858), and of the Copyhold Acts, and of the Act of the Third and Fourth. Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, and of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the same Reign, Chapter Eighty-four, so far as the same relate to Universities and Colleges.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions of "The Universities and College

c'44- ' ' Estates Act, 1858," should be extended, and that Power should be given t6

Universities and Colleges, with the Consent hereafter required, to raise "Moines by

Mortgage under proper Restrictions to provide Compensation for the Loss of: Fines on f Non-renewal of Leases:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Power to raise J. Whenever any Lease of any Lands belonging to the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, Mortgattfbj or Durham respectively, or any College therein respectively, or the Colleges of St. Mary, fit wayofcom- Winchester near Winchester, or of King Henry the Sixth at Eton, the Leases of which have been

been customarily renewed on Payment of a Pine, shall frquifapy Caqs^ whafi^yler^othetl than the Refusal of the University or College entitled to the Rqyerflipu of such L^nds-to) accept such a Sum of Money by way of Fine as shall be deemed reasonable by the Copyhold}: Commissioners, and shall be tendered by the Leasee at the^rst and oa$Ll fiuoc$$siye TitoOi of Renewal after the Commencement of this Act, or within Three'. Months of sucJtv Thne^ for the Renewal of any Lease theretofore regularly renewed,) remain unrenewed at customary Period of Renewal, or whenever any Loss of Fines shall have been occ$»iote(l by, the Surrender of any Lease upon any Transaction by way of Sale, or, Exchange between the said Universities or Colleges and their Lessees, under the >Fourth Sections of- "The Universities and Colleges Estates Act, 1858," it shall be lawful for the said Univorsitiee and Colleges respectively from Time to Time, with the, Consent of; the Copyhold /Corah missioners (such Consent to be evidenced by an Order to be issued; undertheirHandsand the Common Seal of their Board), to raise by Mortgage of any Lands, belonging to isUoh University or College for any Term of Years (determinable as herein-after> provided) i such Sum or Sums of Money (together with all reasonable Costs and Expenses incidental to, such Raising) as shall be required, and be, stated in-such Order, with /Interest ?thereon not exceeding the Rate to be specified in such Order, for the Purpose of paying, by way of Indemnity, to the then existing Members of such University or College the same Amount of Money which would have accrued to the said Members if any such Lease as aforesaid had been renewed iu manner theretofore accustomed: Provided always, that the said Pbwet of raising Monies by Mortgage shall not be exercised for the Rurpose of providing [for. the Loss of more than Two Fines in respect of the same Lands, and that upon the Creadon, of any such Mortgage Provision shall' be made by sujbh University1 Or Coll&ge, VJth the Approval of the said Copyhold Commissioners, for the Discharge of the bdrrOWed MbtiifeS1 by some or One of the Modes prescribed by the Twenty-eighth Seition 6f Tfte tJbiViirsityik and College Estates Act, 1858," or otherwise so and in such Manner i^s that; t|ie Priticipdl Money to be borrowed at each customary Period of Renewal in rdspebt of thgsime Lands may be discharged with the Mesne Interest of such Money within orat the Expirattofn of Thirty Years from the borrowing thereof; provided also, that, in every such Mortgage there shall be contained a Proviso that when the whole of such Principal Monies, Interest, and Costs shall be discharged, the Mortgage Term thereby created shall absolutely cease: Provided always, that after any Sum shall have beep raised under the Power herein-before contained in lieu of the Fines payable in respect of any Lease of any Lands no Fine' shall thenceforth be taken for the Renewal or Grant of any Lease of the same Lands.

II. The Order to be issued by the said Commissioners'pursuant to the foregoing Provisions shall be similar to the "Form of Order authorizing a Mortgage," contained in the Schedule to the said" Universities and College Estates Act, 1858," with such Variations only as the Circumstances of the Case shall necessarily require.

III. Where any Lands belonging to any such University or College as aforesaid shall at any Time have been leased at the best and most improved yearly Rent without Fine, mo Fine I Premium, or Foregift, or anything in the Nature f hereof, shall thereafter be taken, by such University or College for the Grant or Renewal of any |iease of the same Lands.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that certain Provisions of the Copyhold Acts, so far

V as the same Provisions relate to Universities and Colleges, should be amended and fi e^ilalned as hereafter provided: Be it further enacted, That where any Manor belonging to any of the Universities of Oxford, Cambridge, and Durham respectively. Or any College therein respectively, or the Colleges of St Mary of Winchester near Winchester, or King Henry the Sixth at Eton, shall be held by any Person or Persons on Lease for a Life 6r lyives, or for a Term of Years, granted by any such University or College, the University or College entitled to such Manor in reversion expectant on such Lease, and the Lessee thereof as aforesaid, shall jointly constitute " the Lord" of such Manor within the Meaning of" The Copyhold Acts; and all Consideration Monies payable to the Lord of any such Manor under the same Acts shall be dealt with in the Manner directed by the Thirty-ninth Section of ^The Copyhold Act, 1852," or the Sixteenth Section of "The Copyhold Act, 1858," (Hutt Notice of any sulch Dealing being previously given to the University or College entitled

as

iT J lJ

387.

pensation for Loss of Fines on Non-renewal of Leases.

i t '

* j y> . - 'I '

IfT I i

. --'. .V J;

Form of Order to be issued by Copyhold Commissioners evidencing their Consent.

Lands once leased at Rack-rent not thereafter to be leased upon Fines.

Amendment of certain Provisions of the Copyhold Acts with respect to Universities and Colleges.

Power to transfer Lands Tested in indidual Members of Universities or Colleges to the University or College in its Corporate Capacity upon like Trusts.

Two Copyhold Commissioners to form a Board for Exercise of Powers under 21 & 22 Vict c. 44.

Extension of certain Provisions of the 3 & 4 Vict. c. 113. with respect to Universities and Colleges.

mege entitled t thereto; ro the same Manner Jand to be abphed fbrtfic samer Purposes ds ifraothisenaent Montes posable <' for the' Benefit of act, University dr Ccliegdt are directed ibe paid and applied! by the First Seojtion of*" 'The UKlv^raH&a1 ail'd .'CoH^g^I Estate* st, 1858."

as aforesaid,) until the Time when the reversionary' Interest of such University prrCollege in the Manorial flights of such Matior wolild, if the snittie had Act bbeti extinguished, have cojne iftto possession when the snid: Consideratidh Monies; ct any! Se6m4ti£s in which the same imay have boon invested, dhall, 1 Upon Petition to! the Criurt of Chancery or on Application to the Trustee* in whom the dame shall5 theft be vested the Ca^e may be), be paid or transferred to the Coj)jyhold Commissiofters to the AcCdutit 'tit *the1 University Oj* College entitled t thereto; 5A the sama Mmmer and to be abpKed Ibr^tflc sa^VPhrboses fts

Enfranchisement V ' ' .....

t *

Act* ---- .

V. When any Lan^s shall be vested frf any PersQfl, qr Bflvspns being :a Meinbbr or Members of, any of the sail} Universities or Colleges. in7to; usjt, or j^l/th^, [Benefit of the University or College, or tl^ejht^cl or any other Mejubeff thereof, for such

Person or Persons (with ^he Consent, Ot the sqid; Copyhold :CommJfisiQners, toi be. signified by any Writing under their .Hands, and thp; Comipom ^eaipf [tUeiri Board > ito {convey and transfer such Lands in such Manner as that the ^me may be vested in the Univerity or College in its Corporate Capacity, upon the Trusts nevertheless affecting the same Lands respectively. <f] ., , ,; t, i

VI. Any. Two of the ' Co^yhdld ComftlisSiOnerS shall1 fbrfti A Bbartf for the! E^crc^se of the Porters and Authorities conferred oh the said Cdiftmissioners by* Th^ Universities and College Estates Act, 1858^' 'aftd thfe Act; a*Ad; any Order, 'PbwcirbfAttprjieyybrother Instrument issued or executed pxU^ukht to the Provisions df1 the said Acts, Which shall have been or shall hereafter bd signed1 by hny TWo! Of the Wid'Coihmissibhbr^r add sealedj wiihj the Common Seal of their Boai^ shall be Walid aridsufficient for^lLPurpdsfts Wh^ever

VII. And whereas it is cxjipdiept.that the Provisions of the Act of the Third and Fwnrtli

Years of the Reign of Hpr Majesty (Copter One hundred and thirteen)* and! alsoiof tb£

Act of the Seventeenth and Ipgbtepnth Years of the; same Reign (Chapter Eighty-fou«t)y so far as the same relate to Universities apd Colleges, should be Extended and amfcnfled (w i hereafter provided: Be it further adapted, That Section, Sixty>nin6 of the *aid'A<rtibf thb Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty shall be pQpstrU^d to extend to< and ibalLihcltadel as well Benefices with Cure of Souls qa Ecclesiastical RectdrieSj PrebendftJ !a«di i othei< Preferments without Cure of Souls, Advowsons, and Rights of Patronage, whether exclusive or alternate, Impropriate Rectories, and other Lands and IlefekiitarirentS aftnexed 6r^belonging, to, or held either wholly or partly by, oriaP trust; for, any of thd Universities of Cambridge, and Dvrham, or any College therein; rfcspectivdy, er either of the Ublfr^e^. 6f St Mary of Winchester near Winchester, and of KingL^nrytho'Sixtliat Eton, Or the Head or any other Member of any such College, and Also to extend to ftnd tb inelude:a^ tb afttlioE^ Sales by each of the same Universities, a3 well as eaich of the Colleges therein respectiVbH, and! the said Colleges of St Mary of Winchester near Winikestdt, rind^of Kiftg tlwry 4he S^th at Eton, and shall also be construed to enable the said Universities*)^ Colleges1 to ^ell AdVoW-! sons of Benefices the Patronage whereof shall be vested in >any Person or Persons rn trust1 for any of the said Universities or Colleges, or for the Benefit of the Head or any other Member thereof respectively, and also to authorize, under the AuthorW hereinafter, mentioned, the Annexation of the whole or any Part of the Lands, or other Hereditaua^pt^ or Endowments belonging to any such Ecclesiastical Recfory, PrebCnd, or other P^efe^m^it; without Cure of Souls, Impropriate Rectories, and other ^Jaftds Arid Hereditament

or the Ap-1'- — Al ---- J- ---- °1, J A^ — a-lmj . a > A*-- '

Proceeds any such

or

any Monies, Stocks, Funds, or Securities belonging to Such Hniyerisity, Colle Member, by way of Endowment or Augmentation of any Benefice with Cure of Souls, the Patronage whereof shall belong to or be held in trust for or for the Benefit p£ s^ch. HnWey^ty or College, or the Head or other Meipher thereof: Provided neverthftle^ th^j.thfr Bpweftf conferred by this Clause shall not be jexCrcised to the Prejudice of th^ e^fting Ji^tefiti iQf '

9, t|i$r ^eijp^r of a College without his Consent; and In icasel'bf bny e^pgf .pqpasippe^, in tlm< IncomeA>f M Head! pr^hor Member of a; College *

fy, Any^le, Aunexaiion^P^cb^e, or; Jptestmflnt; that jMy b<fc made uinder tke< Provision^ Acts, Arrangem^nig jp^y bq .jnadq under ttaiittkfi< Authority fdr giving)to erpph ^em^er Cpnap§PWttiw:jfoi5 $uch diminution of bid Income buti of

ae .§uphjCjgjlcraoufo of the PrPtfGed* of any efuedbi Saleior Investments an

OTnSwPi5ptf°w»!of; tbp Ipstfnp^jtiouediApt shall extend jtorautlwiifcet.ui^ like L^bojjit^' I*ui; chase opt of gny; of the Corporate Ftmdd or ReviepuieB of any sfccfa Jmversitjf or College of Advowsons of Benefices, and also or any Rights of peqtetutd

Presentation or Nomination to Benefices, whether such Benefices he or be not anq^ced/Xo

or heldi»b4ror in lt, dit 'ft>riinV of the said Universities, or any such College as aforesaid, of

ttefordj and' the WoklS *Proper SefeuritieS^ iri Ijifesame Section shall' be, construed to, extend'to authorize1 aind shall ittclhdri the Purchase1 of Lanas in Fee Simple, and also an Investment on any of the Parliamentary Stocks or Public Funds of Great Britain; and all such Securities, Lands, and Stocks or Funds shall be settled, held, applied, or disposed of in such, Mannjer* by ttye.University or Qoll^edfcctin^qcihjSaJo^PuhcfaisOr ort InvAstnlefot,

ttfe.If^ej A^brity, shall be arranged.apd detpxpaiwd in .that! Babrilf*. and etery

239

x.ruviBiuus yi

lWJf t n*'Fqpyvfi ve^ or, any ptfierA?ti qr ParliaiUfeitfj.flhall be ^aHd not^ithk

staA&Wg the clear Annual "Value of such Benefice shall at the Time of such. Endqwm^t/Or Augmentation exceed or be/thereby made to exceed the Litpitk prescribed bV the Sixteenth Sdction of the said Act of the Fir^t and SAcbrid Yeats of Wilft&in ^the FoArt^ or apy^ qfbtfc Act or Aefcsdf) PArlimbemt: Provided, that1 no stieh1 Ailgmbtitatidil or Endowment, beytofli the clear annual Value of Five hundred Pounds shall be made under the said Act of, thfe Krat/add Sedond Years of King WilHani the Fourrt^ except with pie Consent of tb Ecclesiastical Commissioners ibrEnglartd (to be testified' by "Writing under their Common Seri!) id iaddUaon to riuch other Consents as ma^ be otherwise resumed thereto,

frP/Sftteor Annexation tmdetthd last preceding Cldrise of any Eeclerfastrcril Ptebpnd^iQt other Preferment without Gureof Souls^or of ariy Impropriate Rectory* ifi^y IjUght of Patronage shall belong, rind which> is not intxmdod to be inclitded iri! \ Sfije or to accompany 6oeb Ai\nexatioji> sbeh Right of Patfonnger shrill immediately aftef f Oj: Annexation be separated from and be no longer exleividsed by the Holder of such pRiqctojry, i^reb^nd, x>r other Preferment without Cur^ of Souls ', or Improprmte but shal^ by fpree of this Act ^be; absolutely ttansfevred to" and vested' in' the

---- ty pr Qollege,) the former Pittons or Owners Pf such EcclPsiasticril RPctory, 1

jpr ptbqr Preferment or Inipropriate Rectory. 1: k

IX. Hie Lands Clauses , Consolidation Act, 1845 (except such Parts thereof os relate tb u Purchase hf Lands^ otherw^e than by Agreement, and to the Recovery.of iForfritures,

m osjts, and jo the, Sale pjf superfluous iL&nds,) tdiall be incOrporatedt with rind jo^fHe ^(1 S^tiop Sixtvtnine of the sgkl Acti of the Third aml-l^urth Y oar& of ^sty ^apter One hundred and thirteen) n$. extended j by this Act, and as if tbfe AtA1 .Narri^r pri^omination of the University!or, College in ^ach particular Crise had-girted therein instead ojF " The J^romot^rs of the UndertakingProvided* that tl>e owefsby the^aid Act vested in " The Promoters of thfc Undertaking " shall be bxerbifeed ^lPTi fuc^ Lniyersity or CjoUpgp with the Consent of the EddeeihstiAd Cornmissfeners

Provision as to Right of Patronage

severed.

thfe

8 & 9 Vict.

c. 18. incorporated.

WK. testified as aforesaid

YijSv*^ The* Anthbrityf, Pefein-before x^nd in the said Act of the^Third pnd*Fourth. Years* Majesty pfovided shrill' so fur as relates to tlniversitics.jmd CQllpges^ be a»d- bo deterffiddEPde^iastical Commissioners for ^England" and such Authority shall be yae 23 & 24 Vict. H h deemed

The Ecclesiastical Commissioners constituted "the

m

Authority " referred to.

Power to substitute Land or other permanent Endowment in lieu of annual Rents or other Payments, in Extension of certain Provisions of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 84.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Short Title.]

deemed to be sufficiently exercised and evidenced by any Writing under their Common Seal.

XL Where any Rent or annual Sum of Money granted, reserved, or made payable, or to be granted, reserved, or made payable tinder any of the Powers of the said Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Eighty-four), or of the several Acts therein mentioned, or otherwise, to the Incumbent of any Church or Chapel, by 'vyay of Endowment, or in augmentation of the Endowment of any such Church or Chapel, is, or shall be charged upon or made payable out of auy Rectory Impropriate Tithes, annual Revenues^ Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments belonging to any of the said Universities or Colleges respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Universities and Colleges respectively, with the Consent of the Incumbent for the Time being of the said Church or Chapel, and also with the Consent of the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese within which the said Church or Chapel shall be situate, and also of the Patron or Patrons of the said Church or Chapel (such Consent to be signified by the said consenting Parties respectively executing the Deed or Deeds herein-after mentioned,) and notwithstanding any Statute or Law to the contrary, by Deed duly executed to appropriate and annex in perpetuity to such Church or Chapel any Lands, Tithes, or Portion of Tithes, or other Hereditaments belonging to any such University or College as aforesaid, to the Intent that the same may be held and enjoyed by the Incumbent for the Time being of such Church or Chapel in lieu of and substitution for such Rent or annual Sum of Money as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the said Incumbent for the Time being to accept to him and his Successors such substituted Endowment or Augmentation, and thereupon by the same or any other Deed duly executed by him, and with such Consents and so signified as aforesaid, to release any Impropriate Rectory Tithes, annual Revenues, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments theretofore charged with the said Rent or annual Sum of Money, and the Premises so released shall be thenceforth wholly discharged from the said Rent or Sum of Money, and from all Powers and Remedies for the Recovery thereof: Provided always, that no Consent of any Archbishop or Bishop shall be given to any such Annexation and Release respectively as aforesaid unless such substituted Endowment or Augmentation shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Archbishop^ pr Bishop to produce an Income which shall exceed or be fully equal to the Rent or annual Sum *of Money for which the same shall be substituted and be expressed to be s6 proved in the Deed by which such Consent shall be signified; provided also, that when any Lands, 'Tiilies or Portions of Tithes, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so annexed as aforesaid, Shall be comprised in any subsisting Lease or Leases previously granted thereof, such Annexation shall not prejudice or affect any such subsisting Lease or Leases; but in every such Case any Rent or Rents reserved by any such Lease or Leases, or a proportionate Part thereof (in case other Hereditaments shall also be comprised in such Lease or Leases), shall during the Continuance of the said Lease or Leases be payable to the Incumbent for the Time being of the Church or Chapel to which the Premises shall be annexed as aforesaid, and such Incumbent for the Time being shall have all the same Powers for the Recovery of the said Rent or Rents, or of the proportionate Part thereof, as aforesaid, aiai the Uiuverait^er College by whom the Annexation shall have been made might have had in case the Pxemifies had not been so annexed.

XII. This Act shall fee read and construed according to the Definitions and Interpreta-

tions contained in the Thirty-first and Thirty-second Sections of "The Universities and College Estates Act, 1858," and the AYord " College* in the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty and in this Act shall be interpreted to include any " Hall" in the said Universities or either of them .; : V,

XIII. It shall be sufficient for all Purposes 'to cite thig Acfr as> The Unitereities. and

College Estates Act Extension, 1860." > id. i-; y.ie n u-.

V: *! *<'* '!/)..; ! i> /< i .i f-t" \ \ *:/. .II

1 '' '*:*: [' :"f; ) vj, '! aii otm

* 1 r 1 ' 1 ' ' *il; i*' j11/; vt. // orfj

: ' ' 1 " t:iul ^t.ji.-j. i»i* -e Irrijrat lain

y°; viet bttiJE/c.

241

V

CAP. LX.

If CC

<c

CC

5 # Vict. c. 23.

j1 An Act to amend the Act for regulating the Queen's Prison.

; f l/, [6th August 1860.]

by an Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-twoi *(for consolidating the Queen's Bench, Fleet, and ' Marshalsea Prisons, and for regulating the Queen's Prison/' it is enacted," that if any

" Prisoner confined in the Queen's Prison should become or be found to be of unsound,

" Mind during his or her Imprisonment, and should be so reported by the Marshal or, Keeper thereof to One of Her Majesty p Principal Secretaries of State^ it should $e

lawful for such Secretary of State by Warrant under his Hand directed to the said Marshal or Keeper, upon the Certificate of Two Physicians or Surgeons that suph Prisoner is of unsouna Mind, to order that such Prisoner should be forthwith removed to the Royal Hospital of Bethlehem, and the President, Treasurer, and Governors of Bethlehem Hospital should be bound to receive such Prisoner, and him or her safely to keep until a Warrant of the Secretary of State should be directed to them for Re-delivery

of such Prisoner into the Custody of the Marshal o^Keeper of the Queen's Prison, as {|ierein-after provided, and that every Prisoner so removed should remain under

yjfl " Confinement in pethlehem Hospital until it should be duly certified to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Two Physicians or Surgeons, that such f>Prisoner had become of sound Mind, whereupon the Secretary of State should issue his

Warrant to the President, Treasurer, and Governors of Bethlehem Hospitalf, ordering that / " such Prisoner be re-delivered into the Custody of the Marshal or Keeper of the Queen's *c Prison, for the Purpose of being remanded to the Queen's Prison :" And whereas it is

expedient that further Provision should be made as to Prisoners removed to Bethlehem ic Hospital as aforesaid, where they continue of unsound Mind after they would have been en-

titled to be discharged from the Queen's Prison:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ns follows:

limiUWhere any Prisoner has been removed from the Queen's Prison to the said Hospital of wBttklefaiti under the recited Enactment, and has* not been duly certified to have become of Minch but the Term of his Imprisonment has expired, or by reason of the Discharge r Debts or otherwise such Prisoner, if he bad been of sound Mind, and had continued in -die'Queen's Prison* would have been Entitled to be discharged, it shall be lawful for One of ><Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, if he 80 think fit, by his Warrant directed to ntbe President, Treasurer, and Governors of Bethlehem Hospital, upon the Application of any Person *who shall be named in sacK Warrant, to order the Removal of such Prisoner to any 'other registered Hospital, or to any Lunatic Asylum or House licensed for the Reception ef Lunatics, or to the Care or Charge of any Person mentioned or named in such Warrant for this Purpose, and every such Warrant shall be made in Duplicate, and One of the Duplicates shall be delivered to and left with the Superintendent of the said Hospital of ltBethlehem, and the other Duplicate shall be delivered to and left with the Superintendent or *t Proprietor of the Hospital, Asylum, or House into which or the Person into whose Care '^r Charge the Prisoner is ordered to be removed, and such Warrant shall be a sufficient Authority for the Removal of such Prisoner, and also for his Reception into the Hospital,

Asylum, or licensed House into which or by the Person into whose Care or Charge he is tavdored to be. removed, and thereafter the Authority of the Secretary of State in relation to the Prisoner so removed shall cease.

II. Any Prisoner removed under this Act to any Hospital, Asylum, or licensed House, Lunatics re-or into the Care or Charge of any Person other than the Person upon whose Application the Warrant of the Secretary of State is mentioned to have been made, shall be considered under this Act and treated as an ordinary Lunatic Patient, under the Acts for the Regulation of the Care to be within

H h 2 and the Provisions

Prisoners sent to Bethlehem Hospital under 5 & 6 Vict. c. 22. may be removed when they would have been entitled to their Discharge from the Prison.

242

of the Lunacy Acts.

Secretary of State to superintend the taking of the Census.

Registrars Sub-districts to be formed into, Enumerators^ Divisions.

Enumerators to to be appointed.

Householders Schedules to be left at Dwelling Houses.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 60, 61.

aftd'Treaitineflt Powei ^, mide* the Vegistei^d retnov&d;

1! .1 n->*! »/ .; , { I!> iL -I,; 1 i<!, I > -111 "i i*| I lj: n 1 n (--i <>- r! <*!1 > I bin* I»* >! //<»{r A 'I *) -1.

.. /, Ml t'J' "(fr?rfrrnc> u: .mmo/

; ! 1* -I . 1 ., ij '! l, [)! 1> (>", Mill if 11 l'i / i 1 1 lit '{> 1m.

f: *

v, < ' tfv'VV'' IVt'1, , t ' " hrn, ^n An Act taking thq^ Cetisnxs'of 1860.]

WHEREAS irt id e^pedi^ Evgbwl ip tf*e-Year-One thousand

- eight hundred and sixty-one Be it enacted by tltd^ieeu/S Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in thisIpi^sent Parliament assomibied, and by the iAuthority of thd-same/ns follows:

L One of* Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of y5tate^liall, have the Care of superintending this taking of the Census., n-J 1 ' J 1 j1 tT -

Persons to be employed in takip_ .

and the Registfai^ General shall1 _ r.r, ^_r ...

purre^y Authority

ot suen oecreiary oi prate unper inis snaii ue paiu <put qr sugu j^l^nl^s tys, (shall be

provided bj^ Parliament for that Purpose. / 11 1 J i -, 1, \.i \< ,

iterators, Divisions

______ — _r_____ _ snch1 Secretary of

hi[)ic4' bf fcutih lristi'tret?ohs f o !be fetent? fcTtHcr (Registrar of Bit*tbs and Dekt^s'iii^ZaUdj'a^'thjd^e^ist^ty, 1

M. i. 1 ll «A r aIw r . — - — . - J Vj i u. 1 _ '1 A Li I J

H'Jlh

AiU^IBviai VI 1>U UIO CII1U A/viHiIO XU xi/fyCUrlU | cUlvI IIIC XiUglolliU Oj w 1111 (IU WUVYillCIH UUV/l/I«

shall' divide the sieve mi tSithnlistifats intb Enumerator'* Divl*^ous ' aoCordfriV, lIt61 atoffti Iilstruqtion *, ariid uahjoot itt eidii Gnfee io \ie ydfiaed hv the 'ShpenhteHdfent Bcgiitrur.' afid'fo the final Hcvision hnd Ahprovil irf the said Re^Wih iJeWii!'. ' M ,; '; >*'hh,

4 V 'rm 1 '1 -1 -i t - . r *, -r, ,; : i.l :; !' I i: 4' !; /' if t ll'li^ni.txh IlpfU

III. The several: R^trafd of UprU« aijxJ, D^athp OPdiJ'eAm'n.^Oi'VWr

respective ^upei^tcnje^t.f^gUtwVia I^gt ^qojt^iqing,

sufjicient Number of Fcjrsousi <buly , iOg IflsfrPOti.ow ho l^llprO|'«l'P4(J>}f or ujidcp the Cirpctipo, tof, siiq^ -ft? , ftp»n>B«t, rsiw)itWo (fchoiewerol

1 Sub-district, ^nd s.uc^PersQri^.'iTbofl approved Mby the, Su^rio(teudeot Reg'^tnrj#teU; be appointed by(liim EJdunaeratior& for piking; t; ^e, , <P^USpfiijtyW*?flflvor theltW to, the Approval

of the.gaid ResUtrar |5^ei^l; : ^9^1tl)p^gfjifi^ifl!vUl>'>lNiABPrOFiftf thp Swporintendffit

Registrar, shpll assign a ^vLVipp lo eaob J^UlW^for. Wi4-Shal|l <b4trib<Me/lta fbet eeveral Enumerators i» Jus, .Stm-di^riet, the, Fon^ 4wtffuo^°W pvbwb shall J)w»0 ibew- iwued

for that Purpose by thp. ^g*Atraf iGenejcaJMai^: lWYOPUdy.i«s«0*ltail»r tl»t each Enumerator thoroughly understands the Manner in which the Duties required of him are to be performed .; (I, /

. f t.'l

IV. Schedtiles shall tre prepared by1 or itnilet* ^e DireMion o^ sujcli Secretm*^ olf ^taie for the Purpose of beirt^ filled tip by or (on ^ehalf of thb p^veral Occupiers of Dwelling Houses as bercin-aftef provided, >vith Particulars of the ' $ex^ Age, ^pfossion, pr

Occupation, Condition, Relation to Head of Fiimity, and Birth-place or every Hying ^PefSQn who abode in every House on the Night of Sunday the Seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and also whether any were Win^ .or, doaf; axut dmjqb; , aijd the Registrars in England shall in the course of t)ie [Week; ^nfli9g oa $atufduy[; jSUi^rflay of April in the Year One thousand eight hun^red ^n^ sixty-op^ Iqayp, Of (b, e, (at every Dwelling House within their respective Sub'di^ri^ ptt|e pfr jporq q^f^d Schedules for the Occupier or Occupiers. tl^erc^Jf q^r of any P^i^Yfary such Schedule shall be plaiuty exppess^cl t]iaf it>, #j ky^ i9vmk^(f^h

Dwelling

2$, fr, 24°.Y.lQKWm: cyfibj

3t3

Dwelling P'ouie j^r p, w, ell|nw, ppyse[is leHn; ffcrenii:^, qr^3 pr rApartpi^te,

and occupi^ty ^Tietinjs.tljf bjf, different ^ei^n^'to^.^apiittcf, Qqcypier; of; pacli , s»c|h

distinct Story; oi; t)i? nurocptpriwill('(^}}^ jS<fijedu^.>v.Hl>jp

his Diy; sipo , nwf fpltyvfi j.flp(||e^ry, .Oc<%ier^., of »|yi, J)w, e|li9g occpimto

House, or of any distinct Story or Apartment in any Dwelling House, with or fjor , ytdiotm fill up the Sche-any such Schedule shall have been left as aforesaid, shall fill up the said Schedule to the an^deliver^11 best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, so far as relates to all Persons dwelling in the them to the House, Story, or Apartment occupied by him orhei *, and shall sign his or her Name there- Enumerator, unto, and shall deliver the Schedule, so filled up, or cause the same to be delivered, to the Enumerator, when required so to do .; and every such Occupier who shall wilfully refuse or Penalty for without lawful Excuse neglect to filvdp^he said Schedule to the best of his or her Know- Neglect, ledge and Belief, jM^to sign and deliver^1^5%j.-^rfcQ, 'fsla^U \fiijfully make, sign, or deliver, or cause to be made, signed, or delivered, any false Return of all or any of the Matterssjleeifibd^m.'ttie bfcM'S&hddtili, shttib forfeit ai Suni iioft m6rfe kihuffiiYe Pounds nordee^khan tTw^ty^Shillitr^.1' 7; i: 1 11 1; 1 1 1

V. The Enumerators shall visit eveiry House ifi their respective Divisions^ and shall collect Schedules to be all the Schedules so .left within their Division froip House; to House, so, far as may be collected from possible, pn Monday the Eighth Day of Avr}l in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and, shtd| coipplete aucii of thp Schedules, as upon Delivery thereof tp them ghqll if found to be appear t6, be defective, end correct such as they shall find to be erroneous, apd sha)l eppy the erroneous. ScH^dulfis, when Completed and correctc I, into Books to be provided them for that Purpose, and shall ^icf th^jeiiptb aji Account, according to the best Information1 which th^y shall he ablest* obtain1, m kll the other Persons living within theip |£(iv^ion{ who ^h^V^°t bp lifcjlu^d in the Schedules so collected by them. 'i ' ' Jl 1

o rtih). *JsOAVXKW^fc-of the occupied: Hoil8e», and of the Enumerators to ^U8j=3 t^hHilding^nd thcrqffl, uninh^ flfell Other uninhabited Houses within tatean Account

, r/a, hay 4*0.takje an'AcpquptfofuUjwcHP&Ttipukoti hcreiBhberfore mentioned, ^d tTd^in' nqne, ^i[h^Jps .1^ iIpiitVuot|p|i8 whjoh maybe issued under this Act they guish the Boun-

(ffiir^iJ j)fPflUW^ iJ* °>#j; *H>4 til ths Book , intp Iwbicb he shall have copied the dunes of Householder Schedules and other >BafltfeuUu^i ^. hQr^inrbtfQre ^ireOtedj each Enumerator rougL^&c. shall distinguish the several Parishes and Places maintaining their own Poor within his feddh: PdrtS iherebf ns shall he Whhifi his Division, and shall also distinguish ettto^uPOTi^hes rttidlPtoses Rafts of Parishes 'and, Places wMiiri Ws Division, which are ^w kftiWthel Lrftnft^ fcf fMyOity tW Bo^Otigh VdtuWnttg 6t contributing to return a "Member or 'Mntnfoeft'W) jlsbfW'iri'P^Hdihtfhlt, dr of J ificbfpbratbd City hr Borough, or of any Eccle-

* Sf&fc*6al'DibUrict} find- dhtflft '* deliver ^nch Bddk td thb Rdgisti^r of the &ib-district, together Enumerators to Withjttfe IlbiJSfehtddery ^hdtlhlds eollebtbd by 'hiih. and ^hill 'sigti a Forin or Declaration to deliver their -tllfe; kli^RdtAl ktto'Mii trriiy'mid fhithfblly fifldd up by him, and that to the beet !KtiWifed^e t^hd sitne is!icbrrtbt; lsd fat db trihy b^ kribwh i Which Form of Schedules to

Deofaifetfoh ehtttt Wef'^pr^pafdd by yr dhder Jthfe DifdctidtiJ of etic'h ' Secretary of State, and the Registrar, issuedJby the 'Regiietrar, Qlenetkl With Th^rtfebtfoiis lifotesaid. 1 1 1 '

VII. The Registrar to whom such Enumeration Book shall be delivered shall examine the

pose* have l*een puncfqally saiu Bpqk (o be supplied, e Veen in^de ^cifrate pendent Registrar of hjs

v^ioW^i, ' 1..V, .....

* ^tf^erintcrideTil!1 ^BegisitCr JjehaJl examine ill' the Bbolcs which shall Ve so

ahalf^s^fy hirh^elr h6\V fav the Registrars have duly performed the Act/an'd slialtbftuse any Inaccuracies which he shall, discover 'Wfeutth be bdiVectdd, 1 86. fhiT' as itiay be bo^ible. and shall return on pr before the

XFWSf ^uAdtfed^W?^ '*^ty-ohe Bpoks which s)ia]l have

Mm io th6 R6g?str^r '(jehdtah f6r the Dse of such Secretary of State. rnilltjv/GT

IX. The

Registrars to verify the Efcnmetatort Books. 1 "

Superintendent Registrars to examine the Enumerators Books, and return them to the Registrar General

i280i& 24"; VICTORIAE): c. 61<.

An Abstract of Returns to be printed and laid before Parliament.

Masters, &c. of Gaols, &c. to be appointed 1 Enumerators of the Inmates thereof.

Overseers* Peace Officers, and Relieving Officers of Unions formed under 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 76. bound to act as Enumerators.

Returns of houseless Poor and of Persons travelling or on Shipboard.

Table of Allowances to Enumerators in England.

Payments to be certified to the Registrar General.

Manner in *which the Payments shall be made to Persons employed in execution of this Act in England *

IX. The Secretary of State shall cause an Abstract to be made of the said Ketone; .mjf,

such Abstract shall be printed, and laid before both Houses of Parliament, within, Twelve Calendar Months next after the First Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundfod, and sixty-one, if Parliament be sitting, or if Parliament be not sitting then w^mivtbe First Fourteen Days of the Session then next ensuing* ,

X. The Master or Keeper of every Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, IVorithbuie, Hospital, or Lunatic Asylum, and of every Public or Charitable Institution, which shall be determined upon by the said Registrar General, shall be the Enumerator of the Inmates thereof, and shall be bound to conform to such Instructions as shall be sent to him by thp Authority of One of the said Secretaries of State, for obtaining the Returns required by this: Act, so far as may be practicable, with respect to such Inmates.

XI. The Overseers of the Poor in every Parish, Township, and Place m Eifglaqdt and the Constables, Tithingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers for such Parishes, Townships, and Places, and the Relieving Officers in any Union formed und?r the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales, shall be bound to act as Enumerators under this Act within their respective Town^ ships, Parishes, and Places, and Unions, if required so to act by One of the said Secretaries of State, and where they shall so act shall be entitled to Allowances as Enumerators under the Provisions of this Act; and every such Overseer, Relieving Officer, Constable, 1 Tithing-man, Headborough, and other Peace Officer who shall refuse or wilfully neglect sc Jto 'adtj1 and duly to perform the Duties required of the said Enumerators by this Act, shall itk* every such Offfence forfeit a Sum not more than Ten Pounds nor less than Fite Pounds.

XII. The Secretary of State shall obtain, by such Ways and Means as shall appear to

him best adapted for the Purpose, Returns of the Particulars required by this Act wfth respect to all houseless Persons, and all Persons who during the said Night Of inday the Seventh Day of April were travelling or on Shipboard, or for any other Reason werer not abiding in any House of which Account is to be taken by the Enumerators, and other1 Persons as aforesaid, and shall include such Returns in the Abstract to be made by him as aforesaid., '.

XIII. One of the said Secretaries of State shall cause to be prepared a Table of Allowances to be made to the several Enumerators, Registrars, Superintendent Registrars, and other Persons in England employed in the Execution of this Act; and such Table when approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament on or before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, if Parliament be sitting, or, if Parliament be not sitting, then within the First Fourteen Days of the Session then next ensuing.

XIV. The Superintendent Registrar of every District ip England shall, within One Calendar Month next after the taking of the Census certify to the said Registrar General the total Amount of the Allowance* to which he and the Registrars, Enumerators/ £nd other Persons in that District are respectively entitled, according to the said Table* Y

XV. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall through the Registrar General pay to each Superintendent Registrar out of the Monies provided by Parliament for that Purpose, the whole Amount of the Allowances to which the said Superintendent Registrar* and the Registrars, Enumerators, and other Persons in each District, are severally entided according to the said Table; and each Superintendent Registrar shall pay over to the Registry in his District the Allowances to which the said Registrars are entitled; and shall also pay over or cause to be paid over to the Enumerators and other Persons in his District the Allowr ances to which they are severally entitled, according to the said Table; and the Receipts ti be given by the Enumerators and other Persons, and Registrars, for Payment of theititiaid Allowances, shall be delivered to the Superintendent Registrar, who shall transmitt the same together with the Receipt for his own Allowance, to the Registrar General: Provided always, that no such Payment shall be made to any Enumerator or other Pevsta who shall be required to act as an Enumerator under this Act, but upon Production of a Certificate

under

245

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, .«. 61, 62.

under; the Hsfnd'<$f 't)fie, 'Rdgi8trd, r 'that1 the Diitfeg requirbd Of such Enumerator or Other

Pferttfn' abti^g as'Enumerator by'thib AbtXave beten faMifliHy performed, and the like

under the Hand of the Superintendent Register With respect to ttie Segistriif bfefbfe^ toy Payhidht'shall be foade to the Registrar, and the like Certificate under the Hand of the said Registrar General1 With respect to the Superintendent Registrar before'any/Payment, ^hsdl ]be made to the Superinljendeot Registrar.

XVfc fevery'Superintendent Registrar and Registrar, and every Enumerator and other Penalty on Persoi^ wh(j shall be required to act as Enumerator, in England, so appointed as aforesaid, Persons for making yrilful Default in any of the Matters required of them respectively by this Act, or W1 u e au t# making any Wilfully false Declaration, shall for every such wilful Default or false Declaration forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor les£ than Two Pounds.

XVII; The Enuthei-aiohs and other Persons! employed in the Execution of ^his Act shall Penalty for re-be authorized to'a^k all such Questions as shall be directed in any Instructions to be prepared by or Under the'DIrection of the said Secretary1 of State, which shall be necessary jiving fatee for obtaining the Returns required by this Aci; and every Person refusing to answer or Answers, wilfully giving a false Answer to such Questions or aiiy of them, shall for every such Refusal or wilfully false Answer forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings. '

XVIIX i All Penalties imposed by this Act; shall be recovered in a summary Manner Recovery and before, Two Justices of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the County or Place where the pP^j^on of Offence; is committed, in the Manner prescribed by Law in this Behalf; and shall be paid.

One .Half to thje! Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the County or Place for which the Justices before whom the Forfeiture is recovered shall have acted, to be by him applied alcjl of the Expenditure.

XXX. ilnrtbu ^Ustruetion of this Act, the 'VJTo^ds f' parish or place, Parishes or Places," Interpretation shalh anclu^ Tthe, various Denominatipiis, of, Towuphips, Tithings, Hamlets, Villages, 6fTerms* Chaj^elries, Parcels, Lordships, Manors, or Parts of any Parish, and all

othqrffPi^qfj|*/rW^m^r denominated yills. Precincts^ or otherwise, and whether connected with any Parish, or deemed to be Extra-parochial; and the Words " Dwelling House n shall include all Buddings and Tenements of which the whole or any Part shall be used for the P u RDabitation.

olflr.T; .r-> f.n :; 7 '

CAP. LXII.

tyHfaS flip Census ot Irefynd.

[6th' August 1860.]

WHEREAS it inexpedient' to take the Census of in the Year One thousand

(' eight hundred and sixty.one s' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the .Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in ttu§ present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

* Il'AnnAoconit of the Population of Ireland< shall the taken at the Time and in the Account of Mahner hdrelu^after directed. - i Pop^ianonto

of Construction

the of Term *

bfiIX»'8ubh Officers' and MeiTof the' Police Force of Dublin Metropolis, and of the Con- By wtom the rt&ulftr^Ftirdh as 'thw Lord Lieutenant shall direct, together with such other competent b/taten!8 PdreoHs las ^he*LcW'; IJfeuto^fant, shrill appoint '' to! assist 'therein, shall, upon the Eighth Day or 1 more nebet oomsedutite Days in the Year One thousand eight hundred and Sitty-bne] a3toc 8dkt'Lonl; Liut)euWt shall fiiy severally visit every House within such Districts

jtu th^ Interpretation of this Act, except where the Context or other Provisions f^.ct ^reijmre; different Construction, the Words f Xqrd, Lieutenantn sha]l mean 9)p other Chief Gpvernora of Ireland,

. ''I'l*! ?\

I *.] i 1

i' r. i! ' '

i"-}

Masters, ke. of Gaols, kc. to be appointed Enumerators of the Inmates thereof.

Forms, &c. to be famished for their Use.

Power to make the Inquiry*.

t /i, .m /*: . 1

ill *!» A -j-f« I*) :h-iJ

Penalty for refusing to answer, or for giving false Answers.

, 23° & , 24° YIG^Ol. c. 62.

i^mayi be feignedi:to them respectively^ and take' nk Accoarit in Writing, a99p|i; JJqg.ttq such lophmetfonflt ascmfcy bo'given id theim by the Uhifef Tor Under Secretary fo tjiq , Loto (Lieutenant of; the iNumbei* of Persons! dwelling tbctaih, MldWf'the Sex. Age, Ifrpfes^ipiv, and jOccfipritfoni df all &udh l^ripon^ tfistnfgujehin^1 thiPeiWris born fol, t|ip iP^cp1, pjf Parish.4adi County ini:ithich they shdlll be theft d Welting *, J And Shrill 'also AeflmwtMpf the^umlbeiA of itohfidbited: Houses'iarid of uhlnhabltedHinges, and of, then, building wiihiriisuch .District* r^specrively; and I shall tffei 'tii&tinto/ish those jpiyifhos and Piaees^ of Prirte of .Parisbeaiand Places, !^itWn ea^h Wstfipt rS^eiTivoly, which are within the Limits of .any City Or Horough r<5twrhitTg' u Member or Members to serve in Parliament; and shall also take an Account of all such further Particulars as by such Instriaetians thejtwttiy tK^direct&i tWihquffC and alt the E*pcrises Which shall be iricuttred by Authority w such Lord Lietfteh&nt unde* this Act iWiali be paid opt of such Manilas shall be provided1 Parliament fo* that Purpose. j 1, (

.lt, iy .; .3Jlip:Master for Jvppperiof evory Gaol* Prison* br iHdu^o of Oorrebtion, Workhouse, Hospital, or Lunatic Asylulniiand <?Yfiry Pariraick'Mastei*^ and; every Mantel Or Keeper of every; public , on obaritaWe; Institution' /which1 shall; be dofernimeiP upon by the Lord Laeutenant, shall aot AA the Enumerator> of the Inmates thereof, nnd shall bebriitnd to (inform (tor soph. Inductions, ari ^bs^l be sent to him, .:by the Authority' of! the11 Lord LmutoWJt for^btahting the /Returns required; by th5s> Act, to far {>rftdtiab?c

tO.J^hiI^4te& /ill I»mi: .1 >. \f ij '<*..»; f' . 1 t'i- J /. I 'nil I i'>"' s

, »| I i((, /t\ ..... J. .; '] > , 1: ) . )> , i; *'t I. I; i ..[? 7-ii'i'u -I >lnl 1 *>i .i

I J. jFpr the more effectual obtaining of such- jAp^pqto, the^aid jCluef^r, Under S*crfet*r£ shall prepare, and cau^ tOj be, printeji svijoli ^prfpf and fprftbe Usq pfihd several

Piersons. who shall be1 appointed, afV^pr^id, to talto; W the> AWdMnta ias. he

Kairde^m necessary. J > r -..d 1!ui — »r-: jih to ^n>V

TL The fbetter - tot enable aitch P^o^ (tl^ aaid, -JtejhtfW bwby

authp^ized and empowered toast, all sqdi ^upstiop^ |ajl Pefspnp >yitUirM ]tbw irp^flective Distncts^ r^speVting. them^elve^ djL: toetPe^pp, s ^|bw

of a^I spchj further ^artitiu^irs^ s^U ^p ^ppp^arjfj fa , MI

I-'O'I J., !, K(\ " - ' — I, :-; 1 -id v/lidT '1<» r)J1iiI./T

VII. Every Person refusing to answer or1 wjlfully giving faiy^ AAsto&i1 ik> idySlPci Questions, and every Person in any way wilfully obstructing such Persons in the Execution of the Duties required of them under this Act, shall for every such Refusal, false Answer, or wilful Obstruction, on Proof .thereof heing made heforo-any Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions for the District in which such Person shall reside, or, if such Person shall reside within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, before the Divisional Justices of such District, on the Testimony of One or more credible Witnesses, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of tlto bald 'Just<ibe <br Justices before whom such Complaint

Penalty on Persons employed if guilty of wilful Default or Neglect.

Proceedings how to betaken, and Penalties recovered and applied/ *1

shall be so made., «, t Vip r a

1, - .11 ' f TTf1* |; r tf I M . t - J11 / TI ) '/ 1 '}j' . I' > 5 / >'! 1 1M. !Mij> (M 7 J / . '

VIII* j Every [Mcmb6*: Pfi tl^i said, Poljqe <qt<; Cwst^bc3iiry Forfccsj xtr) odhir fFensbn^ Who shall lie go appointed to take the said Accounts, or.; tp assist' therei^j AvbQ shall mate^Uny tviltol Neglect, Default, or Falsification in any Matters relating to the said Accounts, shall for, every such Keglect^ Default, oir Fal$tfication; (on Proof thdrepf beiilg^ade-beWor^ny JustJwe or i Justices, at /Petty Sessiow for the Distdrict in which! he shrtlf so JM^t>tor in case ^qqh Member; ef itbe Police or? Constob11!411^ Fotee, >ior othetr^ Person*'khaHuUhe Police District of J3ix^ (Metnop6lis, ibe^ Divisional Justices of iuoh Di^trictv^nl tine Testimony of One or more credible WitinesiBes/forfeit !a; Sum riot-exceeding iFWi Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices before whom suebUl<upriplaint'riiall'be<6d mblde.^- ^:'f 'ir, r JJ, -

IX. All Proceedings under this ^ct,; es tp compolling tbp Appes^noeof. welt iMe*ibec of the said police or Constabulary Forces, or other Petfsoja, pr of any, WiinQis, iaiid ssitotbq Hearing and Determination, of each Complaint *, or auy pther t ir^lataxigfi Jbherfeto

and as to the .Application of Finesr Amorciwenta, and forfoifod Re«ogrii^alMes, \Itop©sed/idlr levied un^er this Act at Petty Sessions, shall be subject in all respects toAh£ Ero&Uitriis of

« The

247

23?i&>24" TUCTIORL'E, -c (12, -63.

" T^et(y Sessions (faelatid) Aofc, 1851/haBithe sotngis Antendcdby "The! Petty"Sessions pier)^.^Ifelqnd) Ax>t, i tJde Cnae eliall bo heard iw nny Pettjr Seasiorts'District

and* tO/tbje Pftoyisipfla .of! tJhel Acte relating to the* Divfeiondl Pbltee Offitea (Whfeh t*lic Crtsfe shall 1^, J^r<Liint^lJRolice Distariot 6F Dnblik Mct*opolfa), Fab as the shk1! Provisions shall ibflicqn^tcnfcWhhsanyipeclalliPkmsihtisiofii thi* Adt} firid*when any Pine Wr 'Petralfy is imposedq£ fcl^ DiviwoiinLPolice Offices of Dublin Mett^dlJs, hnde^ the Prdvision.b of , thij3| J\et»isuflh Fiue^I&fcd Penalties idudl be paid over to ih0'&miA.Pfotyo^£} and aj^pW-p^riatpd, ^pd« applied linjttbe smAei Manned Iasi isnoW-by Law attthbrizocf irt rbsjWcJt bf Fines ahdjJPeoalttie^imposed]atjsuiihifDiviBioiialiPolice Offices tfespfectively^1 li: /r lh" ' f <:

Xv Tqp ^d ^eypr^'.jPpj^oqp pp(apppjpted to take the said Account *, Or to assist therein, sjball sigp, pii^ , ?nakfrAffirmation before any Justicfe of the

Peace wiilim the County, to the, J$ffept the #ud Account has been truly iatul faithfully taken by him (or them), and that to the best of his (or their) Knowledge the same is correct, so far as may bet known, land ishkll deliveri (the same to such Officer of the said Police or Conatpbidary Fawfcdsr, or other t Person/.asi wmy be appointed by the Lord Lidutenant tb receive, the ^ame^ within eaeh County, Gity, T(Mvn, or Place; and such Officer Or Person shall examine the Same, and! cause: any Defect or Inaccuracy which may be discovered therein, to be supplied, or corrected, so ifa*'asi maybe-possible/and shall certify and transmit the samOwto the Oiffioe oft the said CWef br1 ITnder Secretary, in such Manner and within such Time as the Lord Lieutenant shall direct, and the same shall be 'digested and reduced into Order under the Direptfon of the said Chief pr Under ^Secretary, by such Persons as the1 Lord Liertteri^fdlmh^pofnt fcr' that^Plirrto^c; and an Abstract thereof shall be laid before both Houses Wff lWliaffierit ^lt^ld Ti^blve Slonth's aftbr the Day on, which the said Account <shrttl be takdn, or (if PaWiatrtent 'be hot then1 sitting) Within the first Fourteen Days of the Session next ensuing.

o'XIJ Btdry ^emh Affil4natiOfi(or Declaration made pi1 signed under the Authority of this Act shtt^b(^ ofrthddaifre Fprcd anilElflPect if the Person making such Affirmation or Decla-fatfon hhd:taken im Oath in the dkiial Form, so that af t^ie Person making such Affirmation or Dsclarrbtl^1 ^hhlLbe COtiVJcied1 of having therein Wilfully and falsely affirmed or declared any Matter or Thing, he shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which

[Junk removed.]

An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of il7Fjkferte9a(^provide lfdr the Relief of Hor Majesty's

Sulgcct^rof^ssin^ the ^e^rrsh Religlbtt. 7 1 [6th^ August 1860.]

n:\^HBRKA6 itS»jeipedknt to dmend the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second CijM f, Chdpteri ii\wrt!y*irine^ so far as the same relates to Members of the Hottse

Srtof Ctoilwnlir(iBeii4ithfcrefote> enacted by the! QueenV most Excellent Mj^eSty, by and whhithja Aivideiknd Consent of the Lords Spiritual land' Temporal, and -Oonimobsi in this {troseilt ParCarnent assembled^ anil by the Authority of the same, ns follows1:

mull// 9*1()1 M.!: 'll I. ". > ' - 'f 1 ' ' 1 f , f " '

I. Whenever the House of Commons shall order that any[Re6oluti6ii agreed to pursuant to the First Section of the said recited Act in the same Session shall bp a Standing Order f'itWOHbnee^nwy'MentWr ptbfessin* the Jewish 'Rpli^ioh may thenceforth be sworn pdrsitint toeuch^aWdiOg Order, so long as the same 'shall ebtitintfe iii force; and it shall peiamriftiMdre^ taking'and stib^cribiiig the Oath Which by the Act of the

vfeiityifiti8t'ftw^ Chapter forty xiight? Was substituted for the

Uj wfaitolti Wkni i\r, nl j. ° 1 T Oaths

Application of Fines and Penalties imposed.

The Persons taking the Accounts to certify and affirm as to their Correctness, and deliver them to the Officer appointed to receive them.

Such Officer to transmit them to the Office of the Chief Secretary.

An Abstract thereof to be laid before Parliament.

Punishment of Persons wilfully making false Affirmation or Declaration.

Omission of certain Words in Oath prescribed by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 48. when taken by Persons professing

the Jewiah Religion.

; vi.in}*' vf -w.m '

U*'-

20 & 21 Vict. c. 81.

21 & 22 Vict. C. 98. 8. 49.

* / I

Expenses of Local Board constituted a Burial Board may be paid out of General District Rate, or by a separate Rate.

Expenses of Improvement Commissioners, when acting as a Burial Board, may be paid out of Improvement Rate, or by a separate Rate.

23* & <24° VICTORIAE, c -63, 04.

Oaths of 'Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, to omit the fiords an, d I mate this Declaration upon the true Faith of a Christian/1 and the taking and subscribing by such Member, pursuant to such Standing Order, of the Oath so modified shall; fso fat as respects, ^he Title to sit and vote in such House, J^ave the same Forpe and Effect ns thej takjinc* and i auWaiting by Pther Members of the said; Oath in the Form required jby the last-mentioned

: \ .../V''7;

*; nOJ v ><i

-.! ii.

- I. i

CAP. fXIV.

i i

An Act to make further Provision for the Expenses1 of Local' Boards of Health and Improvement Commissioners acting as Burial Bpards.

[6th August 1860.]

v 1 ' '! 1 '' ' > ' i i ' . i

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twentieth and Twenty- first Years of Her Majesty* (Chapter Eighty one), 4' to amend the Burial Acts, "

4 it is provided that upon the Petition of the Local Board of Health of any District, ' established under the Public Health Act^ or upon the Petition of1 any Commissioners 'i elected by the Ratepayers and acting under or by virtue of the Powers 6f any Local Act of Parliament for the Improvement of any Town, Parish," or1 Borocigh, iStatki^''that the ' District of such Local Board of Health or of such Commissioners is co-extensive with a

District for which it is proposed to provide a Burial Ground, and that no Burial Board has been appointed for such Dtetrietj-aad that an Order in Council has been made for ' closing all or any of the Burial Grounds within the said District, it should be lawful for ' Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, in case Her Majesty see fit so to do, ' to order that such Local Board should be a Burial Bpard for the District of such Local Board, or that such Commissioners should be a Burial Board for the District of such

Commissioner^ nind that thereupon such Local Board or such Commissioners, ai thtf Gate

mightbeyshould be a Burial Board for such District accordingly; And -utjder

" The Local Government Act, 1858," a Local Board may, at the Option of the V^ry, c be the Burial Board in certain Cases: And whereas it is expedient that such Local

Boards and Commissioners 'respectively, when; constituted Burial r Boards^ I sbdul^l^bC

authorized to provide for their Expenses as hereinafter mentioned Be it taiaetdd by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lordi Sffiritaal and Temporal, and Commons, in the present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: I :r

I. Any Money required by any Local Board constituted a Burial Board for defraying the Expense of carrying into execution the Powers and Provisions of the Buriat Acts and of this Act in the District for which they may have been so constituted a Burial Boarchjor for paying any Monies borrowed or Annuities granted under the Authority of the said Acts, or any Interest on Monies borrowed, or for providing a Sinking Fund for tho Repayment of such Monies, may, if the Local Board so think fit, be paid out of the, General District Rates leviable within such District; and such Local Board may levy as Part of the General District Rate, or by a separate Rate, under the Name and Designation of a Burial Rate [to be assessed and recovered in like Manner as a General District Rate within the District for which they act as a Burial Board, such £5ums of Money as shall be from Pfime to f tape necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them.

II. Any Money required by any such Commissioners as aforesaid who ehafll hnvOtbden constituted a Burial Board for defraying tbo Expense of carrying into execution thp Fbnfcfera and Provisions of the Burial Acts in the District for which they may have been so constituted a Burial Board* Or for paying any Monies borrowed, or Annuities granted under ithe* Authority of the said Acts, or any Interest on Monies borrowed, or for providing a Sinking Fund lot the Repayment of such Monies, may, if the Commissioneirs so think fit, be paid put ofutti£ Improvement Rate leviable! within such District* find the Commissioner& as such Batfal Board may levy as Part of the Improvement Elite, or by a separate Rate under the Name

and

23:T«c. 04" ViPTOftJ ^, pM,

api D^ign^tion of a B*jri^ Bate to be assessed and recovered in ^ike, M^pnqr a^.a^ Improvement Kat^j. auch Spins of Money as shall be fr^m Tune to Tifne, neccss^.for^heb Pprppsps ajfoves^id^r.finy of them., , , > :!, , it ', M; , ('.t'\i{v, \r

['HI; The Local Board and the Commissioners respectively wh6 may have beeil cohsti^tli^ed a Biirial Board ^hafl keep distinct Accounts of their Receipts and Expenditure in trie Exerase; of their Functions as such Burial Board; and where their Expenses are defrayed by Monies raised under the Provisions of this Act, such Accounts shall be audited in the same Manner as other Accounts of the Receipts and Expenditure of such Local Board and Commissioners respectively, and any Surplus of the Monies raised by any Rate made under this Act, and of the Income of any Burial Ground provided by means of Monies raised or paid under the Provisions of this Act, which may remain after Payment of the Expenses and Monies which sbdidd be defrayed or! paidiunder the Burial Acts, shall be, applied ii^ aid of the General District Ra^te of Improvement Rate, as the Case may be, levied within the District yhich shall have been or might have been charged with a separate Rate under this Act.

J V. Whe*e ariy Parish or Place has been divided into Two or more Parts or Districts for all of any Ecclesiastical Purposes, and any One of such Parts has a separate Burial Grounds it shall not be lawful for the Vestry or Meeting in the Nature of a Vestry for such entire Parish or Place to appoint a Burial Board without the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

4: d:

:H , 1m:

iM iiti.-fr, |> o! -

CAP. LXV.

if Ml'-. 4' .:it

A*DA6t to authorize the Commissioners of the Treasury to further regulate the *f0, -Pttstftge ota redirected Letters of Commissioned and Wartant Officers, Seitnen, 'jSbldifers whilst on actual Service .; *: £6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Third and fjiK-Xi Fourth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-six, for the Regulation ?»of Duties of Postage, and by the Fourteenth Section of the said Act, after reciting b that Letters and Packets sent by the Poet were chargeable by Law on: being rc-directed ' and again forwarded by the Post with a new and distinct Rate of Postage, it was enacted, 6 that 4m every Post Letter redirected (whether posted with any Stamp thereon or not) ? there should be charged for the Postage of suph Letter from the Place at which the same f sfynila be redirected to the Place of ultimate Delivery (in addition to all other Rates of jPps^ge payable thereon) such a Rate of Postage only as the same would be liable to if r prepaid; and by the Fifty-third Section of the said Act certain Privileges were given

J ____ T xx________x T>, x- t>_x" - x- a -__________

and-grafted both to send and receive Letters, at a reduced Rate of Postage, to Seamen ? empG|yed in Her Majesty's Navy, whether at Jiome or abroad, and to Serjeants, Cor-| Drummers, Trumpeters, Fifers, and Private Soldiers in Her Majesty's , Regular *'^or Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Royal Marines, whether at home or

abroad, whilst respectively actually employed in Her Majesty's Service, and to Serjeants, tJorponils, drummers. Trumpeters, Fifers, and Private Soldiers in ijie Service of the

East India Company, whilst actually employed in the Service of the Company; but the b Letters lof Commissioned Officers or Warrant Officers, whether in the Army hr Navy or

(MkMhipbieB, or Masters Mates of the Navy were not included in that Provision; and it

(waa tlechred iha)t with respect to Letters sent any such 'privileged Pterscms, and with Vjrespfect' to'Letters received by the Post by any of the said privileged Persons, certain V Conditions therein respectively mentioned and prescribed should be observed; > and ialso fnthat any Letters received by the Post under that Enactment by any such' privileged bFetfeoris rwhiclv might have been redirected should not be changed any PbstagC! on or-«i niiiiiVl. iji[) 1 I i 2 5 '* 1 4 T^speei

bun

m

>(<- ^'1, h(T

Separate Accounts to be kept.

As to Appointment of Burial Board* without Consent of Secretary of State.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 96.

10 & 1! Vict o. 85.

M |'<

Power to Treasury, by Warrant, to authorize private Letters of Commissioned and Non-Commissioned Officers, &c. to be delivered free of the Foreign Postage chargeable in respect of Ue-direction;

or to reduce Pates of British or Colonial Postage.

London Gazette to be Evidence of due issning of such Warrant.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 65.

respect of such Re-direction: And whereas another Act. was passed in the Session of

Parliament holdenin the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter ' Eighty-five, for giving further Facilities for the JJ?i>n^ipissi01? of ^Lc^tpya. by Post and for the regulating the Duties of Postage thereon, and for other Purpose^ relating to the Poet [Offie; and by th, Seventh Section of the said last-mentioned Act it ivns provided that the

Privilege given to Seamen Arid Soldiers by the'sakl before recited Act should be enjoyed by such Seamen and Soldiers, whether any such Letters should be liable to any Foreign e Postage or not, but subject to the Payment of the Foreign Postage if any should be chargeable thereon: And whereas the like Privileges were afterwards given and granted ' to Seamen employed abroad in thTT'Service of the East India Company, whilst actually i employed in the Service of the Company, by Treasury Warrant duly made and bearing ' Date the Twenty-eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and forty-four:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Twenty- first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and i six, for the better Government of India, and by the Fifty-sixth Section of the said last- mentioned Act it was provided that the Milkary and Naval Forces of the East India Company should be deemed to be the Indian Military and Naval Forces of Iler Majesty:

And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for enabling Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Seamen, and Soldiers to) receive; 4heir ro-directed Letters free of the i redirected Rates of Postage whilst actually employed in Her Majesty's Service; Be it therefore enacted by the Queen'-s most --'Excellent Majesty, by and with tho Advice and Consent of1 the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, authorize all Letters received by the Post on their own private Concerns by Commissioned Officers and Warrant Officers whether in the Army or the Navy, and Midshipmen and Masters Mates in the Navy, whether at home or abroad, and by Commissioned and Warrant Officers, Midshipmen, and Masters Mates in Her Majesty's Indian Military and Naval Forces, and by Seamen employed in Her Majesty's Navy, whether at home or nbroad, and by Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Trumpeters, Filers, and Private SoltliWain Her Majesty's Regular Forces, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery, or Royal Marias, whether at home or abroad, and by Serjeant^ Corporals, Druitinirifs, Tfriinrjjbtrirs, Fifers, Private Soldiers, and Seamen in Her Majesty's Indian Military and Naval Forces, whibt respectively actually employed in Her Majesty's Service, to be delivered td all such Persoris respectively free of Foreign Postage chargeable on or in respect of Re-direction on such Letters when, such Letters shall have been redirected and again forwarded by the Post and transmitted or sent through any Foreign Country (the several Coriffitioris imposed by the said Fifty-third Section of the bcfpre-recited Act of the Third and Fourth Victoria y Chapter Ninqty-six, (with respect to Letters Received by the Post by the privileged Persons therein mentioned being duly observed with respect to Letters to be received by the Post by sudi Seamen, Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, Trumpeters, Fifers, and Private Soldiers respectively as aforesaid), and may also from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, reduce or remit the Rates of Postage, British or Colonial, which may be chargeable by Law on or in respect of Re-direction on all Letters received by the Post on their own private Concerns by Commissioned Officers and Warrant Officers whether in the Army or Navy, and Midshipmen and Masters Mates in the Navy, whether at home or abroad, and by Commissioned Officers and Warrant Officers, Midshipmen and Masters Mates ill Heri'' Majesty V Indian Military and Naval Forces, whilst respectively actually eiriplbyedin Her Majesty's Service, which shall have been redirected and again forwarded by the Post.

II. Ariy priftted Copy of the London Gazette in which any Warrant or Order issued or

made under or by virtue of this Act, or purporting so to be, shall be published shall be admitted as Evidence by all Courts, Judges, Justieps, and others of such Warrant or..Order, and of the due making and Issuing thereof, and of the Contents of any such Warrant, without any further or other Proof of such Wa^jy^j mil " lo no i1 ' T > J \

.mAmxoA ni oiayHSl illL sXbis

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 65, 66.

[J. This Act shall be debWd fynd* cb.isidrred a'Pb&fc' OSic3 Act; and the several > IJerms — Exprc^iofa^xised'th'fcrSW s^ td the re; *peotdJel< Interpneiiations

ontained or Vcrerfed^m^lie^told Act1 (If tlii Third Jfotwih*Ycars't>f the ficagaidf Her

M:»jes{y^Chapter Niht't^xL rjI^" "rt , m , : *1} , m'^ '!* ->: t n i *:ij *>. i

m

and

IV. Tnis Acfc^halijOmpiliiAo qpq^H>^ojNtVf

hundred and sixty *

Im.'OiK -t.m .1 d vtTf:

An Act to amend the Medical Act ([1858). 1 ' ' £6th 1860.]

WHEREAS by ct; The Medlcdl Act, l8S^y" it: is ^tfbvfckd tha^ it< shall be lawful far Her Majesty for grant to fchd Corporation' of the\Rojml CoHdgei of (Physicians of Lo#4*>9> a new Charter, and thdrbby to give to such Corporation the Name: of^ The: Royal College of Physicians xft'England, *ftftd to grant lothe Corporation df theiRoyal-College of Physicians of Edinburgh nr m*W Charter* a^tli thei^by td!civei to thb «aid College of Physicians the

Name bf^* The Rbya^ Golle^e^'plfysiciaihs m\Scethnd" and, tograufci to, the Corporation (of the Kfng'ttn'd1 Qti&nty GofckgaJ of Physi&anq fin Urfahandi.a rneW' Ghsxtfciyirtndj, thereby >to give to such Corpomtion the Nameref^Th* HoyahCtolleap of lPhyskiaiwiqfi/r^a/irf, '' jbut

urnw»Iv ihAii xora mcrvnotivnnr

-?yf i(LA^, 1tourrr.e

.wMdfc.

\-wwth?

.^c^tan^e, Lyt ie^- C611t

WJCjtSJjaW tuecopifr

1_7rf ._ _T_2rying t, o the sjjid Colleges, and th^Presi-ilembers, tJcentiates, And E^tra .Licentiates thereof respec-J' 7 v erSa'Pnvi|6g&1 Elbe'rtlc^. hi\cf1 lhihi(inities to iei^exikth'g 'Nartie ^, aikl1 tlo^bt^! have ' drlseh 'respectively di noxv Chnrterk, rs^ !Privileges, (Lihe/fie^. ktid ' and it jy'cxpedl^t^that sUldli 3 W an F Apt1 Wasfeed^ itir^the "PbdfteentH:/ iinfl

ru !lie*/ EigKtfi, ibtituVed'^TWe Privileges 'ank tain 1'LetterA Pdtentj ddted' tlib 'Twenty e feeJgp of; ttiy1 ^iid1 MojeSW, whereby ecrtaih , _rr; T__ mcOTporatea bjf'We'!Nau)e^iU^Th^Pfeildent

?Ate«t>fana/Two n>QtQ of ihei said, Qommonalfy to bb chosen oy them snonltr.ne

* Iff'.

m*r

cm sLpulqyearly choose Onfe c/f tHein tb be presid'ent as qu las any of 'the Ptac's of the said 'Elects '^honld loose ar/, f [u, xTlua

f .'i

from .thepc^fo^ pe sunered to practise in Fliysic

wMteJtofwm hw}yg«

the. said F^PttUy tp supply they Number of Ei;

iilit Dne or ^or^e, ds/Nefed shauid'^q

hf Pers6ps, and that ho Fefson should through !EAglditft t\ntil he bb examined

ly the/jsaid ^To^ Ond r^h^y Have dkased tb, /grant1 Letters

ccprOance witl> the Provisiona l contained fih: the jbst-tebited 'Act; and xpeaiS^rthAt'; before-recited 'Provisions' should be repettled :5 Be it enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, ldy: arl(! with: the 'AiJvIce1 and Consent of the*'1 iiorfla: Spitltnal j ond i.TtinjKrt'ai, I rtad .1^ , J; hf8. ^embfed,

ctf/tike(aatn«j a^fqllflwa ^ii.j )» *; ', /, , j, v|, .,

ai

it is thefefore

Corporation bf Physic in ."

J Orflege dr1 Commonalty

II. Any

251

Act to be

deemed a Post Office Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

SI & 22 Vict C. 90.

i-M. 1' -M -st i: ' >« »</.

>1 IV .'f* 1 -ll-.h u\ OJ 'lA *ln «-uVr*'*TiT

14 &15 IIcoLg.

. t,:

; in <. i* '

Interpretation

of Terma.

2doi& 24?'Vi<!M6fct£, 1k tf6 .: -

252 '>

New Charters Ahy n0w Charter whicfy under the Provisions of the Medical' Act, shall granted

may be granted'to the1 Corporation of the Royal College of Physicians of London, may be granted to them tot eCollegfs.-^thef'b^arid' in the Name of Vthe Royal College of Physicians of Londoner, as provided b^that Adt, by and in the Name of the Royal College of Physicians of Ebqland; apd any SUch new Charter granted to the1 Corporation of the Royal College 1 of Physicians of Edinburgh may be granted to that College either by and in its present Name, or, as provided by the Medical Act, by and in the Name of the Royal College* of Physicians of Scotland; and any such new Charter granted to the-Corporation of the King and Queen's College of Physicians in Ireland may be granted to that College either by and in its present Name, or, as provided by the Medical Act, by and in the Name of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland.

Colleges to re- IH. The gmntlpg of1 now Charters to the said Corporations respectively by ahd'in the tain all existingj qftitaeti \fchnxie4 anB<' Styles, respectively, as provided in the Medical Ax^»*hall floty In V&pect withstanding* suc^ Alteration of Name or Style merely, alter or affect in any ^Way the Right?* IWei£, Change of & Authorities, Qualifications, Liberties, Exemptions, Immunities, Duties, and Obligations Name.

1 Corporations respectitcly, or by the Medical Act, the Act to amend the Medical Act^tlje ] Medical Acts Amendment Act, 1860, and this Act respectively; but the said Corporations ' respectively, and the respective Presidents, Censors, Fellows, Members, and Licentiates ^thprfcof, sh&ll, notwithstanding any such Change of Name and Style, have and retain all such1 and the same Rights, Powers, Authorities, Qualifications, Liberties, Exemptions, and j Immunities; and be Subject to all such and the same Duties and Obligations as if such h^w Charters respectively had been granted to them by and in their respective Names and Styles as then existing.

Colleges to IV. Each of the said Corporations shall also, notwithstanding any such Alteration o(

hold Property Name or Style, have, hold, and enjoy, and continue to have, hold, and enjoy, all Lands aqd dniTchan^f other Real aQd Personal, Heritable and Moveable Property, belonging to such Corporation, Name. either beneficially or in trust, at the bate of the granting of such new Charter, and may

* execute, and perform any Use or Trust for the Time being vested 6r reposed''in &hch t Coloration. A U

iPi-oviiWs id ..V. So much of the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth-Henry the" Eighth, <$$pter

14 & 15 Hen.8.' Five, as relates to the Elects of the said RbyalCoIlege of Physicians 6f London, L and their EiectTrep^ed. abd Functions, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, but this Repeal fehcfll' not

prejudice Or affect the Rights and Privileges of any Persons to whom the said President and Meets may have granted Letters Testimonal; and all Trusts which by any Deed, G^ft, DevisC, or Bequest arc vested in, or to be executed or performed by the Elects, or Some defined Number of them, shall vest in and accrue to, and be executed and performed bj* the Censors of the said College for the Time being as if the Name of the Censors had in' such Instruments respectively been used instead of that of the Elects, and the Office unfl 'NAfoe of Elects of the said College shall henceforth wholly cease and determine. j

Election of ike VI. The Office of President of "The Royal College of Physicians of London " shaty; be Er»id*irt«(f an annual Office; and Thomas Mayo, Doctor of Physic, the now President of the sfud lege^K^t" Corporation, shall remain such President until the Day next after Palm Sunday in the Year dans of Lon- One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, when he shall go out of Office; and the Fellows of d°n* the said Corporation shall, at a Meeting to be holden by them for that Purpose, on: the same

Day, and on the same Day in every subsequent Year, elect some One of the Fellows of the said u i > Corporation in such Manner as shall be provided by any Byelaw or Byelaws made in that

Behalf by the said Corporation, and for the Time being in force, to be President/, of; f|he said Corporation, but the retiring President shall always, be capable of being iftiejeatpd, and every President shall remain in Office until the aotual flection pC:^ new Pj-gsidg^t; or in case of the Death, Resignation, or other Avoidance of any such President before the

Expiration

23"; & !« 6?.«?. 68.

Expiration of Jiis Year of Office, the said Fellows shall, at a Meeting to be holden by them for that Purpose, as soon as conveniently may be (of which due Notice shall be given) elect t One other of the Fellows of the said Corporation in such Manner as aforesaid, to he Pre- > sident for the Remainder of the Year in which such Death, Resignation, or other Avoidance shall happen, and until such Election the Duties of President shall be performed by the senior Censor for the Time being.

CAP. LXVII.

An, Act, to contkue a, n Act for authorising the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads .: {6th August 1860.]

(T^H3^liAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty,

' intituled Aji Act to authorize for One I*ear} and until the End of the then next Session c of (Parliament^ qji Application of a Portion of the Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads in ' certain. Cases> which Act has been continued by sundry Acts until the First Day of October S in, t^e , YCfar^ne, thousand ?ight hundred and sixty, and to the End of the then next f ^ession of Parliament; and it is expedient that the same be further continued:* Berit enacted |>y the (Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tli<j Lards Spiritual and 'temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by dhe Authority of tjhe same, That(the said Act shall be continued until the jFirst Day of Qctobef.'OnQ thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and to the End of the then neft ' j^e^ijn ^of P^luunent*

in no It/noil /-. *J- v.» .

bnii -lui/:d 111;

CAP. LXVIII.

YUyi 1».0: . 'f *:ii ' ii ' ' f 1 '

HrAp.iAction t&e; better Management and Control

Wales.

Vlh7HEREjAS an Act was pa^sejd in the; Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Jj, T 'tears of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixteen, for the better Management and Control of t jHighway8 in SoutI} Wales; And whereas in pursuance of tho paid Act-the Six (^Qi^ntieapf South, Wales have been divided by the County Road? Boards of their, xeapec-\'t- pvie bounties into Districts for the better Repair and Maintenance of the Highways: And whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed and other Provisions.he made fj lh.hcu thereof:* Be it therefore enacted by the QueenV most Excellent Majesty, by and, with the; Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pr^ep^Tiwliament assembled, and by the AjnthprRy, of the same, an follows- .

I. The said Act shall be tod is hereby repealed: Provided that nothing in this Act, except as Rerein-after provided, shall ip any way affect or alter the aforesaid Highway /'Diitncts, of the Appointments of any Officers^ but such Districts shall remain for ^fie PuAose^ of this Act, and such Officers shall respectively hold Office on the like Tenure as iP appointed under this Act j

''Til* Provided alfeo, That it shall be lawful for the said Cotmty Roads Boards of the ftCVtfeal Cotmties of South Wales respectively from Time to Time if they shall see Occasion 1jfc gfter tlfc Litiiits of any such District in their respective County either by consolidating ^'IhAwhPlfe or' iny Part of it with any other District, or by dividing it into One or more tod the Order by which such Alteration is made shall'within One Month after ' *fte malting thereof be published, together with a Description, or Stateriient of the Boun-jitt i/i invb: n'l \ .*<. 1 ' - *1 ' ' daries

.: . - ' . i .; !

of the Highways in South [6th August 1860.]

253

\ >]. i

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59.

Recited Act further continued.

14 & 15 V|<*. Iff; -

Recited Act repealed, but Repeal aot to affect' Districts er Appoint*- ' uaenta.

.. i>

Districts may be altered from Time to Time.

Power to County Roads Board to appoint and dismiss Surveyors.

Transfer of Property and Powers vetted in existing Surveyors of Highways to Highway Boards.

Duties of District Surveyor.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 68.

daries of such District?, or of the Parishes comprised therein respectively, by Advertisement in One or more of the Newspapers circulating in the County in which the Order is made, and Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerks of such Districts as are affected thereby.

III. Every County Hoads Board acting in and for each of the said Counties respectively 6lmll, by Writing, upon which no Stamp or other Duty shall be payable, appoint One Surveyor for each District declared as aforesaid, to overlook the Management and Repairs of the several Highway Districts in their County, and shall also determine the Salaries to be paid to such Surveyors respectively; and the Board may from Time to Time remove the said Surveyors, and so often as the said Offices or any of them shall become vacant shall appoint other fit and proper Persons for the same; and the Salaries of such Surveyors shall be paid out of the Highway Rate, and shall be, by an Order made by the County Roads Board, apportioned amongst and charged upon the Parishes within each respective District, in the same Manner and in the same Proportions as the County Rate shall be chargeable at the Time the Order is made: Provided, nevertheless, that such District Surveyor shall not expend Moneys levied in any one of the Parishes within his District, except for the Use and Benefit of the Parish in which it is so levied, unless with the Consent of the Inhabitants of such Parish in Vestry assembled, for the Purpose of carrying on Repairs or beneficial Improvements for the common Benefit of the Parishes aforesaid, and shall keep separate and distinct Accounts for each Parish within his District, and such Accounts shall specify the different Sums and the Persons to whom and by whom the same shall have been paid.

IV. All Land and Property vested, or which, if this Act had not been passed, would have been vested, in any Surveyor of Highways of any Parish elected or appointed under the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, and all the Powers of letting or otherwise disposing of any such Land or Property vested in, or which, if this Act had not been passed, would have been vested in or exercisable by such Surveyor, and all Rents, or other Income of Land or Property which such Surveyor is, or, if this Act had not been passed, wrould have been entitled to receive, shall, upon and after the Cesser under this Act of the Powers of such Surveyor, be vested in and exercisable and received by the Highway Board of the District in which such Parish is comprised; and all Tools, Materials, Implements, Matters, and Things purchased or provided, or thereafter to be purchased or provided, for the Use or Repair of the Highways of any Parish or District, and the Scrapings of such Highways, and all Books, Papers, Writings, and Accounts* relating to such Highways, shall be vested in the Highway Board of the District in which the same are situate, and all Land, Chattels, and Property whatsoever hereby transferred to any Highway Board shall be vested in such Board for the Benefit of the Parish to which the same belongs, or to the Repairs of the Highways of which the same, or the Bents, Income, and Proceeds thereof, would have been applicable, and Credit shall be given to such Parish for such Rent, Income, and Proceeds accordingly, and in the Case of any Such Chattels, belonging to or provided for any Parish which may be made available for the common Use or Benefit of the several Parishes within the District of such Highway Board, such Highway Board shall give such Parish Credit for what they may consider the Value thereof, as for so much Money received in respect of such Parish.

V. The Surveyor of Highways of each District shall, subject to the Control of the Highway Board for such District, maintain and keep in repair the Highways which the several Parishes in such District may be liable to repair, and for that Purpose shall on behalf of the Highway Board make all necessary Contracts for Highway Materials and for Cartage and other Works for the Repair of the Highways, and shall superintend the Execution of all such Works, and shall make all such Payments as by the Highway Board may be ordered to be made by him, and keep true and particular Accounts of all Moneys received by him, and of the Application thereof, and shall keep separate and detailed Accounts of the Expenditure in or on account of each Parish, and shall at every ordinary Meeting of the Highway Board produce his Accounts for Examination and Allowance by the Board, and report to such Board such Circumstances in relation to the State of the Highways in the District and the other Matters aforesaid as may require the Order or Direction of the

Board,

255

23° & 24° 1HCT0RIJE, c. 68.

Board, and as to the Progress or Completion of all Works which may have* been ordered by the Board* *ud shall Bubmit to the Board an Estimate of the Eripebse of any propofeod Work* and; shall twice, at tho least in every Yriar, or oftener if the Board direct, report in Writing the State and Condition of all Highways in the District.,

VI. The Surveyor of highways of each District, shall, except: for the Purpqsp/of making, assessing^ and levying Rates, and producing pnd Verifying his Accounts $t Special Sessions, and except as herein otherwise provided, have al) duties, PoM[ers, j apd JiqqpopsibilitiQ ^, as. regards the Parishes in such District, of a Surveyor elected, under the said Act of tthjc Fjiftli and Sixth Years of King tfcltiam the Fourth, pJhaptp^ Fiftyapd all Acts and Provisions not hereby repealed, applicable to such last-mentioned Surveyor*: shall, save as, herein otherwise provided, apply in like Manner to a Surveyor of Highways of, a Disteict appointed under this Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures or Parts thereof payable to such Surveyor shall be paid by him to the Treasurer of the Highway - Board, to the Credit of the Parish in respect whereof the same are recoveredProvided, nevertheless, that such Surveyor shall in the Exercise of such Duties and Powers act under the Directions and Control of the Highway Board, and sbalf bo indemnified by such Dqardout of the Moneys coming to the IjtancU of their Treasurer in respect of all Expenses and Liabilities properly incurred by hup.

VII. The Maintenance and Repairs of the several Highways situate and being within4 the several Districts which hkve been or shrill be hereafter formed, shall, subject to the Authority of the said County Roads Board, be under the Care and Management of Local Boards, to be. styled Highway Boards and which, are aiul shall hereafter be constituted! in manner following; thpt is to say, all Persons who aip npw elected or, who shall Iveveafter be? elected Guardians of the Poor for the Parish or Parishes cpntaioediin spriv District duringt the Period ]^ey are such Guardians, and al1 Her Majesty's Justices residing within or; acting af any Petty Sessions within orholden for the District, shall constitute the Highway Bpard for such District, and suqh Jfi^ti^psj shall not by Reason of being; Member of each Highway Board be incapable of acting as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this, -Act, or in any Matterp relating to the Highways under the Qare awl Management of naidr Board; and every siieh Board shall, be a, Body Corporate by thp Stylo of the Highway Board for the District of inserting the Name ox the Highway District), and by that Name shall] have perpetual Succession arjd a Common Seal, and 'sue and: bo sued, and have; Power apd Authority (without Licence in, Mortmain) to bold Lands for the Purposes of the;

VIII. The Highway Board fofr every District shall in every Year hold not less than Four otfdiiiflry Meetings, and the Meetings of such Board after their First Meeting shall be holden, at Such convenient Place or Places, and at silch Times, as they shall at their First Meeting, and fronta'Time to Time thereafter appoint; and One of such Meetings shall be appointed, for the Purpose of auditing the annual Accounts of the Board as herein-after provided; and any such Board may also hold special Meetings, every such special Meeting to be called by the Clerk to such Board, by the Direction of the Chairman or Vice-Chairman, or upon the Requisition of any Three Members of such Board; provided that no Business, Matter, or Question shall be done, discussed, or entertained at any such special Meeting other than the special Business or Matter for which it shall have been called* and which shalfbe specified in the; Huti°e convening such Meeting*; i

II. Any Meeting of the Highway BOard may be adiournec^ from Time tq {Timo* to any Day and Hour and to the same or any ofher Place; and if there be no^Threc Members ofj the Board present within One -Hour after the Time appointed for holding any Meeting then it shall be lawful for the Members' qr Member present, or, if no Member he* present* for the Clerk to Sttoh Board, to adjotirtl such Meoting in manner aforesaid. ' 1 ,

Notice in Writing of every; special Meeting of Rny Highway Board* and of every Btee^iqg of any, such, Board lioUlen by Adjournment (whether by Adjournment from mi or^Gpaiw. pr a special Meeting), shall be given by the Clerk to such Board to evory Member tWecm and every such NoiiCiC shall be given or sent by the Poster ./Otherwise by the Clerk; J & 24 Vict. K k to

Powers and Responsibilities of Surveyor.

Highways to be continued under the Care and Management of existing Local Boards *

_ T -

. _ j; .

Highway Boards to hold Four ordinary Meetings every Year.

Special Meetings may be holden.

Adjournment of Meetings.

Notice of special Meetings and of Meetings by Adjournment.

m

Chairman and Vice-Chairman to be elected.

Quorum.

Authentication of Orders.

Defect of Elec^ tion, &<xof Members not to YitiaieJ'ro-ceedings.

Power to Highway Boards to appoint Clerks.

Appointment of Treasurer.

Salaries of Clerk and Treasurer, how to be paid.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 68.

to every such Member, or left at his Place of Abode, Seven Days, or, in the Case of a Meeting holden by Adjournment, Three Days at least before the Day appointed for the Meeting to which it relates.

XI. The Highway Board for each District shall elect Two Members of such Board to be the Chairman and Vice-Chairman thereof for the Space of One Year, and such Election shall take place at their First Meeting, or at some Adjournment thereof, in every Year; and the Chairman and Vice-Chairman of each Highway Board at the Commencement of this Act shall continue in Office until their Successors shall be appointed at the First Meeting of the Board as aforesaid; and the Chairman, or, in case of his Absence at the Commencement of any Meeting, the Vice-Chairman, shall preside at all Meetings of such Board, and shall have a Casting Vote, in addition to his Vote as a Member; and in case at the Commencement of any Meeting both Chairman and Vice-Chairman be absent, then such other Member as may be chosen by the major Part of the Members present shall preside as Chairman of such Meeting; and whenever the Chairman or Vice-Chairman shall die or become disqualified, refuse, or become incapable to act, such Board shall at their ordinary Meeting to be holden next after such Death, Disqualification, Refusal, or Incapacity, elect some other Member of such Board in his Stead.

XII. All Acts, Orders, Matters, and Things by this Act authorized to be made or done by any Highway Board may be made or done by the major Part of the Members of any such Board present at any Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, the whole Number present together at such Meeting not being less than Three; and all Orders made by any such Board shall be in Writing, and signed by the Chairman presiding at the Meeting at which the same are made, and countersigned by the Clerk, and sealed with the Seal of the Board *

1 ' _ i

XIII. No Defect in the Qualification or Election of any Person acting as a Member of; a Highway Board at any Meeting thereof, the Majority of the Persons assembled at which shall be entitled to act as Members of such Board, shall be deemed to vitiate or make void, any Proceedings of such Board in which he may have taken part.

XIV. Any Highway Board shall have Power by Writing, upon which no Stamp or other Duty shall be payable, to appoint a fit and competent Person to be Clerk to such Board, and shall also determine the Amount of Salary to be paid to the Clerk; and the Clerk, in Person, or by such Deputy as shall be elected by such Board, shall attend all Meetings of such Board, and shall conduct the Correspondence thereof, and enter and keep, in Books to be provided for the Purpose, Notes, Minutes, or Copies, as the Case may require, of the Meetings, Acts, Orders, Resolutions, Proceedings, and Correspondence of such Board, and shall keep all Books, Papers, and Documents committed to his Charge, and shall perform all . such other Duties as the Board may direct.

XV. Any Highway Board shall, at their next General Annual Meeting after the passing of this Act, by Writing, upon which no Stamp or other Duty shall be payable, appoint a fit and competent Person to be Treasurer of such Board, and the said Board shall have Power to fix, and from Time to Time to alter as they see fit, the Salary, if any, to be paid to such Treasurer; and the Highway Board shall, before the aforesaid Treasurer shall enter upon his Office, take sufficient Security for the due Performance by him of the Duties of the Office; and the Treasurer of each Highway Board shall receive and hold to the Account of such Board all Moneys paid to or for the Use of such Board, and shall make Payments thereout under Orders of such Board, and shall once in every Three Months, or on such Days as the Board may direct, or oftener if required by the Board, make up an Account of all Moneys received and paid by him, and deliver the same to the Clerk of the Board; and he shall keep separate and distinct Accounts for each Parish within his District, and such Accounts shall specify the different Sums, and the Persons to whom and by whom the same shall have been paid.

XVI. The Salaries to be paid to the Clerk and Treasurer of each District shall, by an Order to be made by the Highway Board of Such District, be paid out of the Moneys levied

for

257

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 68.

for the Repair and Maintenance of the Highways, and shall be apportioned and charged upon the Parishes within each respective District in the same Manner and in the same Proportion as the County Rate shall be chargeable at the Time such Order is made.

XVII. The Highway Board may at any Time dismiss any Clerk or Treasurer so appointed, and as often as the said Offices shall become vacant by such Dismissal, or by Death, Resignation, or otherwise, the said Highway Board shall at their next regular Meeting, or as soon after as conveniently may be, appoint some other fit and proper Person to fill the same.

XVIII. The Offices of Treasurer, Clerk, and Surveyor of any Highway Board, or any Two of such Offices, shall not be held by the same Person, or by Persons in Partnership with each other, or by Persons in the Relation of Employer and Clerk, Agent, or Servant, one of the other, or of the Partner of either of them; and if any Person shall accept or hold either the Office of Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor contrary to this Provision he shall forfeit and pay the sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, in any Court of competent Jurisdiction.

XIX. The Highway Board for each District shall, subject to the Provisions and Exceptions in this Act, have the Management of the several Highways lying within their District, and of the repairing and maintaining of the same, and shall direct the Execution of any Works which may from Time to Time be necessary for such Purposes; but it shall not be lawful for any Person, being a Member of any Highway Board, to hold any Place, Office, or Appointment of Emolument, or to be a Contractor directly or indirectly, or to be concerned or engaged in any Contract for making or repairing, or in any way relating to the Road or Roads in the District for which such Person shall act.

XX. The Highway Board of any District may contract with all or any of the following Bodies; (that is to say,) any Local Board of Health constituted under "The Public Health Act, 1848/' any Local Board constituted under "The Local Government Act, 1858," any Commissioners or other Body acting under any Local Act of Parliament, the County Roads Board, the Court of Quarter Sessions of the County in which the District is situate, and the Council of any Borough for the Repair and Maintenance by such Highway Board of all or any of the Highways or Turnpike. Roads under the Care of such Local Board of Health, Local Board, County Roads Board, Commissioners, or other Body, (as the Case may be,) or of the Highways over and at the Ends of Bridges which are maintainable at the Expense of the County or of any Borough, or any other Highways which are maintainable at the Expense of the Borough; and such Highway Board may contract as aforesaid, upon such Terms as to the Payments to be from Time to Time made to such Board in respect of their undertaking such Repairs and Maintenance, and as to the Duration and Determination of the Contract, as may be agreed upon between the Parties; and any such Local Board of Health, Local Board, Commissioners, County Roads Board, or other Body, Court of Quarter Sessions, and Council may contract as aforesaid with such Highway Board; and while any Contract made under this Provision is in force the Highway Board and their Surveyor shall, in respect of the Repairs and Maintenance of the Highways and Roads to which such Contract relates, have and perform the same Powers and Duties and be subject to the same Responsibilities as with regard to Highways within the District of such Board, and the other contracting Party shall be divested of all Powers, Duties, and Responsibilities in respect of such Repairs and Maintenance, and all Money payable under such Contract shall be paid out of the Moneys which would have been applicable to defray the Expenses of the Repair and Maintenance of such Highways or Turnpike Roads if such Contract had not been made.

XXI. Every Highway Board, for defraying the Repairs, Expenses, and apportioned Part of Expenses chargeable as aforesaid on each Parish within their District, shall from Time to Time, by Order under their Seal, require the Overseers of such Parish to levy, and to pay over to the Treasurer of such Board, or into any Bank in such Order mentioned, and within the Time or Times thereby limited, the Sum which, after giving due Credit to such Parish for all Penalties and other Moneys received in respect thereof, such Board may require for the Purpose aforesaid (and any such Order may be made wholly or in part in respect of

Power to dismiss Clerk, &c.

Two Offices not to be held by the same Person.

Highway Boards to have the Management of the Highways.

Highway Board may contract to repair High ways within Districts of Local Boards, &c.

Expenses of Highway Board, how to he defrayed.

28° & 24* VIC'POIUit, c. 68.

Expenses incut*ed: at any Time within Six Months before the making of the Order, 1 or Of Expenses to be thereafter ihctrrred); and where any Parishvritftmthe Meaning bf this Act is Part only of any Parish for which Overseers are appointed/ the highway BpjwdC^all specify ip their Order the Part of such last-mentioned Parish on which apy Sum Required by such Boprd is to be levied, , \ ,

Overseers io XXII. The Overseers of the Poor of the Parishes to whom such Orders as aforesaid are levy Rates for issued shall levy the Amounts mentioned therein according to the Exigency thereof, and Money required ^or ^at PurP0Se toake separate equal Pound Rates upon their Parishes, Or the Parts

by Highway thereof respectively upon which the Sums specified in such Orders are required to be levied,

Baard* in respect of the Sums thereby ordered to be levied, and shall make stibft Rate^ Of such

Amount in the Pound on the annual Value of the Property rateable as wifi hv their Judgment, having regard to all Circumstances, be sufficient to raise the Sums specified in such Orders; and such Rates shall be levied on the Persons and in respect of the Property by Law rateable to the Relief of the Poor in the respective Parishes, and shall be assessed upon the net annual Value of such Property, ascertained by the Rate for the Time being for the Relief of the Poor, provided that the Rate shall also extend to such Woods, Mines, and Quarries of Stone, or other Hereditaments, as were before the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth usually rated to the Highway s^ and the said Overseers shall, for the Purpose of levying such Rates, proceed in the same Manner, and have the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges as for levying Money for the Relief of the Poor, and all such Rates shall be allowed in the same Manner; and be subject" to ati the same Provisions in relation to Appeal and to excusing Persons fVom Payment on account of Poverty, and otherwise, as the Rate for the Relief of the Poor in the same Parish^ and such Overseers shall pay to the Treasurer of the Highway Board, or otherwise as1 in such Orders directed, the Sums mentioned in the Orders within the Timb er respective Times specified for. that Purpose, and the Excess, if any, whict may have been lpvled beyond such Sums shall be placed to the Credit of the, Parish qr Part in which the saine tyas been leviedand the said Overseers shall, at the Time, of makiqg ajoy spop Payment, deliver with the Money a Note in Writing signed by them specifying the Amount so paid, which Note shall be kept as a Voucher for the Receipt of that particular Amount; and the Receipt of the Treasurer of the Board, or of any proper Officer or Petsoh of P* bi61bhging to any Bank into which such Money is so paid, specifying the Amount paid to him by the Overseers, shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Overseers for Such Amount. 1 '

Po*er to High- XXIII. In every Parish in which a paid Collector of Poor Ratos shall have beetVPr way Board to may hereafter be duly and legally appointed, every such Collector shall, if the-Highway Board so direct and authorize him, collect the Highway Rate for every such Parish, ^nd the Highway Board shall determine the Salary or additional Salary to be paid to every such Collector, and every such Collector shall have alf the same Powers, Remedies, and Privileges for the levying and enforcing the Payment of such Rates as the Overseers of the Poor havb under this Act; and it shall be lawful for every Highway Board, and they ate hereby required, to take Security from every Collector authorized to collect the Highway Rate under this Act, which Security shall be to the full Amount of the Sum likely to be in the Hands of the said Collector at any One Time.

XXIV. Provided always, That the Rate or Rates to be levied for defraying any Expenses

under this Act shall not exceed in any One Year the Amount in the Pound of the rateable Value of the Property rateable thereto under this Act how by Law limited in respect of the Highway Rate .; :i *

XXV. In case the Amount ordered by any such Order as aforesaid to be paid by the

SeIRaSn^Ul0f Overseers of any Parish be not paid in manner directed by such Order and withki the Time be distrained or Times therein specified for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the

upon. Peace, upon the Complaint by the Board or by any Person authorized by them for this Purpose, to issue their Warrant for levying the Amount, or so much thereof as may be m arrear, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of all or any of the said Overseers, and in ke the Goods of all the Overseers be not sufficient to pay the same the Arrears thereof shall be

direct paid Collectors of Poor Rate to coileot Highway Rate.

Restriction in Amount of Rates.

Overseers on

aa°.& 84? VICTORIA, c. 68.

m

Accounts to be made up to 25ih March, and Statement to be published.

be abided fo the Avaunt of thenex^Levy which shall be directed to be made in such Parish for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be collected by the like Methods.

XXVI .: An/ Highway Board may, in case of any Default or Neglect of any Overseers Special Persons to pity the Amount required by any such Order as aforesaid, within the Time or Times and may aP-

in the Manner directed by such Order, appoint Persons to levy any Money required by such ^soni)^ Board Sqj: the Purpo's of this Act in any Parish, and such Persons shall proceed in the fault of Q*ei> same !Manner, and have the same Powers, Remedies* and Privileges, and be subject to the 8eers' same Regulations and Penalties with reference to the levying of such Money, as any Overseers would have had or been subject to with reference to levying any such Money in pursuance of an Order of tho Highway Board.,

XXVII. The Accounts of evei*y Highway Board shall be made up and balanced on the

Twenty-fifth Day of March in every Year, and shall be audited by such Board, and signed by the Chairman; ind such Board shall caiise^ a Statement to be printed and published in One or more Newspapers circulated in their County within Thirty Days after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, showing the Receipt and Expenditure in respect of each Parish, and the apportioned Part of Expenditure chargeable thereto in respect of the District Fund, and such other Particulars, and in such Form, as the Secretary of State may direct, as herein-after mentioned.* 1

XXVIII. The Clerkto every Highway Board shall, within such Thirty Days, transmit such Statement to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and any such Clerk who shall n^t within the Time aforesaid transmit the said Statement to the said Secretary of State shall for every such, Qffonce, upon a summary Conviction for the same before Two Justice^ of the Peace, be liable tp a Penalty of Ten Pounds.

XXIX. The Secretary of Statie shall canse the Statements so transmitted to be abstracted, and the Abstracts thereof to he laid before both Houses of Parliament, with the other Statements in relation to Highways required, to be abstracted and laid before Parliament by the Act of thp Session holderi in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty,

Chapter Thirty-five.,

XXX. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to

Cf(use rto:bC prepared such Fonus for such Statement as he may from Time to Time deem suitable, and also from Time to Time to alter the Forma for the annual Statement prescribed by the said Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty, but no Statement 6hsrtl'b& transmitted undek* that Act concerning Parishes wholly within a Highway District under this Act.1 7 > i

1 k ^, , , 4 l '*)! j ''i,

lXx|XL Th^e Council of every Borough, having a separate Commission of the Peace may, by $ Resplution of such Council at a Meeting held for the Purpose, in any Year after the Expiration, of the Time limited by Raw for the Election of, Surveyors of Highways for that Year* or.Eorty Days at the least before the Commencement of the Time limited for such Election, assume the Powers of a Highway Board under this Act; but no such Resolution shall be valid unless a Month's previous Notice of the Meeting and of the Purpose thereof has been given in the Manner in which Notices of Meetings of the Council are by Law required to be given, and Two Thirds of thexMembers present at the Meeting concur in such Resolution; tind the Chairman exf any such Meeting ma/, with the Consent of a Majority of the Members present* adjourn the same from Day to Day; and Notice of such Resolution shall be certified under the Seal of the Corporation of such Borough to the Clerk of the Peace of the County, or (if such Borough be situate in more than One County) of each County in which the Borough is wholly or in part situate.

XXXII. Any such Council which may have assumed the ^Powers of a Highway Board, Where Resolu-bgr Resolution passed and certified as aforesaid, shall, with respect to Parishes and Parts ufhare

of Parishes within such Borough, have and be subject to the Powers and Obligations Powers of vested ut or imposed on a Highway Board constituted under this Act with respect to Highway Parishes, forming the District of such Board, save that such Powers shall not extend to Board# oirtliOri^tibe Appointment of a separate Clerk oar Treasurer -for the Purposes of this Act; j and

Statement to be sent to Secretary of State.

Penalty for Neglect.

Abstract of Statements to be laid before Parliament.

Secretary of State may cause Form of Statement to be prepared, and alter Forms prescribed by 12 & 13 Vict* c. 35.

Councils of Boroughs haring Commissions of the Peace may by Resolution assume the Powers of Highway Boards.

5 & 6 W.4. c. 76.

No Parochial Surveyor to be appointed after the passing of this Act

Accounts of existing Surveyors to be passed according to present Law, and Money and Effects to be paid and delivered to their Successors appointed under this Act.

Surveyor of Highway Board exempted from Turopike Tolls.

Power to Highway Board to order their Surveyor

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 68.

and the Provisions of this Act applicable in the Case of Highway Districts formed thereunder, to the Highway Board thereof, and their Clerk, Treasurer* and Surveyor, shall, in the Case of such Borough, be respectively applicable to the Council and to the Town Clerk and Treasurer thereof, and to the Surveyor of Highways to be appointed by such Council, as if such Borough were a Highway District constituted under this Act, and such Council were the Highway Board thereof; and all Acts to be done by such Council by virtue of the Powers conferred by this Act shall be done in like Manner as if done by virtue of the said Act "for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales;" and any such Council may, if they think fit, appoint a Committee for the Purposes of this Act, in like Manner as for any of the Purposes of such last-mentioned Act, the Acts of such Committee to be submitted as therein provided to the Council, for their Approval; provided nevertheless that the Expenses incurred in the Execution of this Act by the Council of any Borough or any Committee of such Council shall be defrayed in manner provided with respect to Expenses of Highway Boards: Provided always, that the Powers of the Council of a Borough under this Enactment shall not extend, nor shall its District as a Highway Board be deemed to include any Parish or District under any Board mentioned in the First Section of this Act.

XXXIII. From and after the passing of this Act no Parochial Surveyor shall be elected or appointed in South Wales under the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Xing William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, for any Parish comprised in such District: Provided always, that any Surveyor whose Powers are so to cease as aforesaid shall recover ajiy-Highway Rate made by him before the Cesser of his Powers, and remaining unpaid, in the same Manner as if his Power in other respects had not ceased, and the Money so recovered shall be paid by him to the Treasurer of the Highway Board of the District in which strch Parish is comprised under this Act; and in case such Surveyor die or become incapable to act before all Arrears of any such Rate are recovered, the same may be recovered by the Overseers of the Poor, who shall have the like Power for that Purpose as such Surveyor would have had, and shall pay the same to such Treasurer as aforesaid

XXXIV. The Accounts of every such Surveyor whose Powers shall so determine shall be passed within the like Periods respectively after such Determination, and in like Manner, and under and subject to the like Provisions in all respects, as if this Act had not been passed, save that it shall not be necessary that such Accounts be passed at a Special Sessions for the Highways, but the same may be passed at a Petty Sessions; and the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, concerning Payment and Delivery by a Surveyor leaving Office, and by the Executors ^md Administrators of a deceased Surveyor, of Money due from him, and Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, Tools, Materials, Implements, and other Things, to his Successor in Office, and all the Provisions of such Act applicable in default of such Payment and Delivery, according to the Provisions of the said Act, shall be and remain applicable in relation to all Moneys, Books, Accounts, Papers, Writings, Tools, Materials, Implements, and other Things which if this Act had not been passed ought to have been paid and delivered to the Successor, under the said Act of King William the Fourth, of such Surveyor as if the Highway Board of the District in which the Parish or Parishes is or are comprised for which such Surveyor was appointed were the Successor in Office of such Surveyor, and had been appointed under the said Act of King William the Fourth.

XXXV. No Toll shall be demanded by virtue of any Act of Parliament on any Turnpike Road in any Highway District constituted under this Act from the Surveyor of the Highway Board of such District when executing or proceeding to execute his Duties as such Surveyor, and all Provisions applicable to the Exemptions in the Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and twenty-six, shall apply to and in the Case of the Exemptions conferred by this Enactment.

XXXVI. Where any Highway which any Body Politic or Corporate or Person is liable to repair by reason of Tenure of any Land, or otherwise howsoever, is out of Repair, the Highway Board of the District in which such Highway is situate may, if they see fit, direct

their

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 68. m

their Surveyor to repair the same, and the Expenses to be incurred in such Repair shall to repair cer-be paid by the Party liable to repair as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, the

upon the Application of any Person authorized in this Behalf by the Highway Board, to parties liable6 summon the Party liable to pay such Expenses to appear before Two Justices at a Time for the same, and Place to be named in such Summons, and upon the Appearance of the Parties, or in the Absence of either of them, it shall be lawful for such Justices to hear and determine the Matter* and make such Order, as well as to Costs or otherwise, as to them may seem just

XXXVII. Where any Person or Corporation is liable, by reason of Tenure of Lands or Power to Joe-otherwise, to repair any Highway situate in a Highway District, the Person or Corporation certain>ffid?-so liable, or the Surveyor of Highways of the District, may apply to any Justice of the ways to be Peace for the Purpose of making such Highway a Highway to be repaired and maintained made High-by the Parish in which the same is situate; and such Justice shall thereupon issue his Summons requiring such Surveyor or the Party so liable to repair such Highway as the Parishes aforesaid, to appear before Two or more Justices in Petty Sessions assembled, and the Justices at such Petty Sessions shall proceed to examine and determine the Matter, and shall, if they think fit, make an Order under their Hands that such Highway shall thereafter be a Highway to be thereafter repaired and maintained by the Parish, and shall in such Ouder fix the Proportion of the Expenses of repairing and maintaining such Highway to be annually paid by such Person or Corporation to the Treasurer of the Highway Board of the District in which such Highway is situate, and such Order shall be binding upon all Persons and Parties whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that su<?h Justices, instead of fixing the Proportion of the Expenses of repairing such Highway to be annually paid as aforesaid, may, by an Order under their Hands, fix a certain Sum to be paid by such Person or, Corporation to the Treasurer of such Board, in full Discharge of all Claims thereafter in respect of the Repair and Maintenance of such Highway; and in default of Payment of such last-mentioned Sum, or of such annual Sum as aforesaid, the Clerk of such Board may proceed for the Recovery thereof in the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are recoverable under the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth,

Chapter Fifty: Provided always, that when the Sum so fixed to be paid in full Discharge of all Claims thereafter in respect of the Repair and Maintenance of such Highway exceeds One hundred Pounds, the same, when received, shall be invested in the Name of the Highway Board of the District in some Public Government Securities, and the Interest and Dividends arising therefrom shall be applied by such Board towards the Repair and Maintenance of the Highways within the Parish in which such Highway is situate; but when i such Sum does not exceed One hundred Pounds, the same, or any Part thereof, at the Discretion of such Highway Board, shall from Time to Time be applied by such Board towards the Repair and Maintenance of the Highways within such Parish; and from and after the making of such Order such Highway shall be repaired in like Manner and at the like Expense as other Highways which such Parish is liable to repair.

XXXVIII. When any Highway Board consider any Highway within their District Provisions for unnecessary for public Use, they may direct their Surveyor to apply to Two Justices to

view the same, and shall authorize him to pay all Expenses attending such View (which of unnecessary Expenses and other the Expenses of the Surveyor consequent upon such Application shall Highways, be Expenses chargeable under this Act on the Parish in which the Highway in question is situate), and thereupon the like Proceedings shall be had as in the Case where Application is made under the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth,

Chapter Fifty, to procure the stopping up of any Highway, save only that the Order to be made thereupon, instead of directing the Highway to be stopped up, shall direct that the same shall cease to be a Highway which the Parish is liable to repair, and the Liability of the Pariah, shall cease accordingly; and for the Purpose of such Proceedings under this Enactment, such Variation shall be made in any Notice, Certificate, or other Matter preliminary to the making of such Order as the Nature of the Case may require: Provided always, that if at any Time thereafter, upon Application of any Person interested in the Maintenance of such Highway, after One Month's previous Notice in Writing thereof to the Clerk of the Highway Board for the District in which such Highway is situated, it

appear

262 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 08.

appear to any Court of General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace that firomany Change of Circumstanoee since the Time of* the making of any such Order as aforesaid; under which the Liability of the Pariah to repair such Highway has ceased, the efune has become of

public Use, and ought to be kept in Repair by the Parish, they may direct that the I/jability of the Parish to repair the same shall revive from and after such I)ay as they raay name in their Order, and such Liability shall revive accordingly, as if the first-mentioned Order had not been made; and the said Court may by their Order direct the Expenses of and incident to such Application to be paid as they may see fit.

Regulations as

XXXIX. And with respect to the Adoption of new Roads to be maintained as public to the Adoption Roads under this Aict, be it enacted, That no Road or Occupation Way made or hereafter to be'main-dS to he ma(te by or at the Expense of any Individual or private Person, Body -Politic or

tamed as pub- Corporate, shall be deemed or taken to be a public Road, to be repaired and maintained

lie Roads under according to the Provisions of this Act, unless the Person, Body Politic or Corporate, Acu proposing to dedicate such Road to the Use of the Public, shall give Three Calendar Months previous Notice in Writing to the District Surveyor of the District of his Intention to dedicate such Road to the Use of the Public, describing its Situation and Extent; and the said District Surveyor, upon receiving such Notice, shall view the same, and shall report to the Highways Board of the District whether such Road is well and properly laid out and made, and whether the same is of sufficient public Utility to justify its being kept in repair and main tamed as One of the Highways of such- District; and if the said Board shall be satisfied, upon such Report or otherwise, that the said Road ought to be so kept in repair and maintained, they shall certify in Writing accordingly; and such Certificate, signed by the Chairman of the Highway Board for the Time being, shall be transmitted by him to the County Roads Board of such County; and thereupon, after the said Road shall hawe been used by the Public, and duly repaired and kept in repair by the said Person, .Body Politic or Corporate, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, the some shell thenceforth become One of the Highways of such County, and shall thereafter be repaired and maintained according to the Provisions of this Act

Proceedings in case Highways are not kept in repair.

Power to Justices to order Highways to be repaired at the Expense of the Parties liable.

If Money not paid the same to be levied by Distress.

XL. From and after the passing of this Act, if any Highway is out of repair, or is not well and sufficiently repaired and amended, an Information thereof on the Oath of One credible Witness is given to any Justice of the Peace, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Summons requiring the Surveyor of the District in which such Highway is situated, or other Person or Body Politic or Corporate chargeable with such Repairs, to appear before the Justices at some Petty Sessions in the said Summons mentioned to be held within the Division in which the said Highway may be situate, and the said Justices shall either appoint some competent Person to view the same, and report thereon to the Justices in Petty Sessions assembled cm a certain Day and Place then and there to be fixed, at which the Baid District Surveyor or other Party as aforesaid shall be directed to attend, or the said Justices shall fix a Day whereon they or any Two of them shall attend to view the said Highway; and if to the Justices at such Petty Sessions, on the Day and at the Place so fixed as aforesaid, it shall appear, either on the Report of the Person so appointed by them to view, or on the View of the said Justices, that the said Highway is not in a State of thorough and effectual Repair, they the said Justices at such last-mentioned Petty Sessions shall make an Order requiring the said District Surveyor to repair the said Highway within a Time limited therein, and shall make an Order requiring the Overseers of the Poor, or other Party or Body Politic or Corporate liable to the Repair of the said Highway, to pay to the Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they shall direct, either in One Sum or by Instalments, a Sum of Money to be therein stated, which shall be equal in Amount to the Sum which the said Justices shall on the Evidence produced before them judge requisite for the repairing such Highway; and in default of such Money being paid within the Time so limited, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace to issue their Warrant for levying the Amount of Money, or so much the£<K>f as may not be paid within the Time limited, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the said Overseers of the Poor, and speh Money, when recovered, shall be applied to the Repair of such Highway; and in case more Parties than One are bound to repair any such Highway, the said Justices shall direct iu their Order what Proportion shall be paid by each of the

263

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 68, 69.

said Parties r Provided nevertheless, that the said Justices shall not have Power to make such Orders as aforesaid in Any'Case where the Duty or Obligation of repairing the said Highway oomefe in question.

Xfcl. Alt Roads hereafter ceasing to be Turnpike i Roads shall on their so ceasing be Width of repaired apd maintained by the Surveyor or Board, or other Body liable to maintain the same, to the same Width as they are or were required to be while Turnpike Roads; and when they all Roads heretofore Turnpike Roads, which have already ceased to be so, shall be repaired cease to be and maintained by such Surveyor, Board or other Body, to the present Width ot such Roads., and after the passing of this Act, as regards any Road which has ceased or which may cease to be a Turnpike Road, the Erection or making of any Building, Hedge, Ditch, or other Fence, or the doing of any other Act which Would have been deemed an Encroachment on any such Road if the same had continued to be a Turnpike Road, shall be deemed an Encroachment on a Highway, within Section Sixty-nine of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Rang William die Fourth, although the same may be beyond the Distance from the Centre of the Carriageway mentioned in the said Section.

XLII. It shall not be requisite for the Justices of the Peace to hold Special Sessions for Acts required

executing the Purposes of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth of King William the Fourth, be.

Chapter Fifty; but all Acts and Matters which might have been done at such Special Sessions for nigh-

undCr the said Act or this Act, or under any other Act of Parliament, may be done by Two ways mar be

or more Justices at any Petty Sessions. done at Petty Sessions.

XLIII. Except os herein otherwise provided, all the Provisions of the said Act of the Provisions of Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty, shall remain in force and 5 & 6 be applicable as well to the Highways to be managed under this Act as to the Highways hTfo^e, which may continue to be managed under that Act, and the said Act and this Act shall be except as other-construed together as One Act wise provided.

XLTVV This Act shall extend only to South Wales, and in the Construction of this Act, Act to extend " South Wales " shall include and comprise the Six Counties following, and no others, only10 80 vi*., the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecknock, Radnor, Carmarthen, Pembroke, and W 6t' Cardigan.

XLV. In the Construction of this Act, unless there he something in the Subject or Interpretation Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word "Parish" shall mean any Parish, Place, of Terms, or District maintaining its own Highways, or which, if this Act and the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty had not been passed, would have maintained it? own Highways, and where Part only of any such Parish, Place, or District is comprised in a'Highway District constituted under- this Act shall mean such Part; the Word " Borough" shall mean a Borough according to the Meaning of the Act of the Session hplden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, "for the Regulation of " Municipal Corporations in England and Wales," or any Corporate Place which since the passing of that Act has became subject to the Provisions thereof; and the Word " County" shall mean any County, Riding, Division, or Liberty having a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to apply certain Funds towards the Repairs of the Cathedral or Collegiate Church of Manchester.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient more effectually to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to carry out the Intentions of the " Manchester Parish Division Act, 1850," and to !3 & u Vicfc secure the full Benefits intended by the said Act to the several Rectors, Incumbents, or e 4l#

23 & 24 VICT. LI 1 Ministers

264 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c, 69, 70.

(Ministers entitled to receive from t Time to Tim^e Payments in augmentation of the (Endowments of their Rectories, Parishes, or Districts as prescribed by the said Act, and ' to prevent a Diminution hereafter in the Payments to be made to them by reason of any Diminution in the Receipts of the Commissioners arising from any extraordinary Charges which may be incurred in the Restoration or Repair of such Part or Parts of the Cathedral ' or Collegiate Church of Manchester as the Dean and Canons thereof are now liable to repair, and some or the whole of which Part or Parts are in great need of Restoration and Repair:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: -

Anthoming the Appropriation of certain Funds to the Restoration or Repair of Cathedral Church at Manchester.

I. The Ecclesiastical Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to expend or to authorize the said Dean and Canons of Manchester to expend in the necessary Restoration or Repair of the said Part or Parts of the said Cathedral or Collegiate Church so much of the Monies paid to them under the Provisions of thie said Act prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty as to them may seem fit.

Except as here-

II. Provided always. That, except sb far as is hereby authorized, the said Pailt or Parts Se^d0^- sa^ Cathedral or Collegiate Church shall be maintained and kept in repair* as by the

dral Church to said Act prescribed; provided also, that nothing herein contained shall affect or alter, the be maintained Application as prescribed in the said Act of the Monies hereafter to be paid to the Actpimriw, Commissioners by the said Dean and Canons. i

&c. 1

CAP. LXX.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, tp facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts., [6th August 1860.]

14 & 15 Vict. c. 38.

WHEREAS, in pursuance of the Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, "to facilitate Arrangements for the R^ipf of

Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain Provisions respecting Exemptions from flfolls, "

certain Provisional Orders have been made by the Right Honourable Sir George Cornwall Lewis, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for reducing the Rate of Interest and for extinguishing the Arrears of Interest on the Mortgage Debts charged or

secured on the Tolls or Revenues of certain Turnpike Roads, and such Orders have been

published in the London Gazette and in Newspapers circulating in the Neighbourhood of such Roads, and the Dates of such Provisional Orders, and the Acts under which the Tolls

or Revenues on which such Debts are charged or secured are levied or raised, together with the Amount to which the Rate of Interest on such Debts is to be reduced, and the Days up to which the Interest and Arrears of Interest on such Debts are to be extinguished by such Orders, are mentioned in the Schedule to this Act: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisional Orders should be confirmed and made absolute:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice.and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows :; .

Provisional Orders confirmed.

I. The said Provisional Orders are hereby confirmed and made absolute, and shall be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions thereof had been expressly enacted by Parliament.

265

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 70, 71.

SCHEDULE.

Date of Provisional Order. TITLE OF LOCAL ACT. Amount of Principal Debt. 1 it — rr- r r — Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Annum. Arrears of Interest to be extinguished to the following Dates.

1859. 11 Nov. 3 Geo. 4. c. 50., "An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the North End of a Lane called Rosemary Lane in the Township of Broughton to the Town of Mold in the County of Flint, and for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a new Braneh of Road to com muni cate with the said Road." £ 8. d. 2, 044 0 0 4L per Cent. 31 Dec. 1859.

1860. 4 April. 54 Geo. 3. c. 4., "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the West End of Saint Ives Lane in the Town of Saint Neots in the County of Huntingdon to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane in the Town of Cambridge." 3, 778 9 0 i 3/. per Cent. 24 June 1859.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to make Provision as to Stock and Dividends unclaimed in Ireland.

[6th August 1660.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifty-sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter

1 Sixty, Provision is made for transferring all Capital Stock in respect of which any

(Annuities constituting Part of the National Debt are payable at the Bank of England, and also the Annuities for Years therein mentioned and other terminable Annuities, and upon or in respect of which no Dividends shall have been demanded for the Period of

Ten Years (except as therein mentioned), and the Balances of Sums issued for paying

the Principal of Stocks or Annuities which shall not have been demanded for the same Period, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and by the said Act Provision is made for Re-transfer of such Stock and Annuities, and Payment of the Dividends due thereon, to Persons showing their Title thereto; and the High Court of Chancery is thereby empowered, upon Application of the Claimants, to make Order for *'such Transfer and Payment or otherwise relating thereto: And whereas an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-two," to make further Provisions as to Stock and Dividends unclaimed," and such Acts extend only to such Stocks, Funds, or Annuities which then were or at any Time thereafter should be transferable at the Bank of England: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts should be extended to the Stocks, Funds, and Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland and the Dividends thereon Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

LI 2 L All

56 Q. 3. c. 60.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 62.

266

Provisions as to unclaimed Stock and Dividends to extend to Stock transferable at the Bank of Ireland.

Notice by Advertisements in Ireland before Re transfer or Payment of Dividend.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 72.

[Short Title.]

Construction of Terms.

When Benefice is of less Value than 50/., an Endowment of not less than 75/. may be made, &c.

29° ^24°(8.7J,

I. All the Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Fifty-sixth, Yqar of; JQns George*the

Third and the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her Majesty shall henceforth extend, and; apply to all Stocks, Furnfe, and Annuities constituting any Part of the National Debt, andtransferable at the Bank of Ireland, and, to the Dividends thereon* and to the, Governor! an$ Company of the Bank of Ireland and their Officers* an<J to the Court of Chancery in Ireland, in like Manner as if the said Provisions were here Repeated and; re-enacted* and the "Bank of Ireland" werp therein substituted and referred to where in the said Acte rgsp^t-iively the " Bank of England" is mentioned or referred to, and "the Court of Chancery in Ireland" were; therein substituted and referred to, .where in the said Acts " the High^Ce^ of Chancery'7 is mentioned or referred to* i, , f> . t, m M

II. Provided, That where aider the si»d Act of thb E%hth and NiMh Yeiars^of'H4r

Majesty Notice is to be given by Advertisements' in One or more Newspapers drbnlfrtinfe in London aid elsewhere, the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland 'shall, in respect of the like Re^tranefer of Stock! or AnUikitieis or Paymlent of Dividends nddcf tMb Act require the Notice to be given by such Advertisements as aforesaid, and aIbo; b^ Advertisements in One or more Newspapers circulating lih Dublin and> elsewhere in Ireland.

[Garbage removed.]

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to promote and facilitate the Endowment and Augmentation of small Benefices in Ireland.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Fourteenth ' and Fifteenth Years of Herpiyspnfc Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, intituled An Act

to consolidate and amend the laws relating to the Erection and Endowment of Churches and

Chapels and Perpetual Curacies in Ireland, Provision'was made 11 With iefepect 'to the

"Endowment of small Rectories and Vicarage and Perpetual Chracies, and Acquisitions " of Patronage therebyand it is expedient that further Prdvision in that BebjD/f be (made:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with 4jta Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: r

I. This Act may be cited as the " Endowment and Augmentation. of: small Bencficde

Act (Ireland), 1860." f (, f(\ I

II. In. the Construction of this Act the following Words shall have the 'Meaning hereto

assigned to them j (that is to say,) ' 5; !> v. -i

"Ecclesiastical Person" shall be taken to include Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, ItectoW *, Vicar, Imjpropriate Curate, and every Ecclesiastical Corporation* t f " Benefice" shall mean and include Rectory j Vicarage* Perpetual Curacy* District Parochial Church, or Chapel of Ease, and Granger " Incumbent" shall mean Rectory Vioar, or Perpetual Curate.

III. Any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, being under no legal pisabiEty or Incapacity, may, without any Licence of Ali^ation or in Mortmain, by and with \thi Consent of the Ecclesiastical Person or Corporation seised of the Right o^ Presentation thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese, by Deed endow any Benefice, having no Provision or Endowment thereunto belonging of the-yearly Value of Fifty Pounds? (the Advowson or Right of Presentation whereof shall belong to any Ecclesiastical Person, With any Lands, Tithes, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of mot letefr than Seventy-five Pounds, or with Money in the Government Funds producing at the Time of the Endowment a yearly Income of not less than Seventy-five Pounds, to be inve^edbin the Name of the Bishop of the Diocese and the Incumbent of the Benefice aforesaid, as a perpetual Provision for the Incumbent of the said Benefice and his Successors for ever;

and

23° &> 24» wf &; %.

iWeupW thef ECcl'^astici^ Person seised'of (ha Advowson, Right of patronage, Nonfiiiation, or presentation of such Benefice may, with the Consent of thq Bishop of the Dibc^sb, fcssigfi the Same by Deed to be entered in the Registry of the Diocese and enrolled Ih/the Rolls Dffice of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to Trustees, who shall not bg ld& than Fouif not more than Six in Number, to be for that Purpose nominated and

Stated in the first instance by the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, wing qr augmenting such Benefice; and from and after such Endowment and Con-H^yance, ijqgistered and enrolled as aforesaid, the Trustees so nominated and appointed, and iheirStickJessbii, shall be, together with the Bishop of the Diocese For the Time being, the only Patrons of such endowed or augmented Benence; and the Vacancies which shall from TldO to Title ocotn? in the Number of Such nominated Trustees by Death, Resignation, Disqualification, or Inability to act shall be filled up in fiuoh Manner as by the said Deed of Rndowimeat shall be provided, and in, default:of sany such Provision, in such Manner as 4be Bishop Of the Diocese shall under his Hand and Seal direct and appoint; and if it shall Jttppeft that all such Trustees for the Time being shall die without hawing (in pursuance of any such Power in the Said Deed of Endowment contained) appointed their Successors, then the Minister for the Time being of such Benefice, with the Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, may appoint the Number of Trustees required by the Deed of Endowment, and in case there shall be no such Mmister* the Bishop of the Diocese may nominate and appoint the requisite Number of Trustees: Provided that no Person shall be qualified to be nominated to or to act in the Office of a Trustee unless he be a Member of the United Church of England and Ireland, ' ' t 0

[Garbage removed.]

GreptMwHixn^w&io extend the JProgisionfljpf the Acfcoft the Fourteenth atad Fiftiaenth Years of Her? present

; f m [6th August 1860.]

, _ . r (iq* limited Times the A^ts herein-after

specified:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most JiUcellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present rPaiHament assembled* add by 4he Authority of the1 sdme, as follows:

I. Every Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike

before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall be continued until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred add mxtyrrone anfi to the Endiof the then next Session of Parliament^ except an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George* fflie Third* Chapter Fifty-nine, for continuing and

amendingTwo Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Rood from the Guide Post " at the West End of the Town of Hampton* Over Sunburn Common, to the Town of " Staines, in the County of Middlesex; v and an Act of the Fourth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Forty-eight," for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving H the Roads from the West End of Toller lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, to Blue wB%tlne&tf Coln'e9 and from the Two Laws tq Kighleg, in the Counties of York and u Lancaster; and except as herein-after mentioned.

, IL The Acts, mentioned in, the Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and no longer, unfesa Parliament shall in the meantime Continue the same respectively.

IIT. And whereas thq Provisions gf an Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth

andj Fifteenth Years tof Eter Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight, for facilitating the Arrange- nienid therein mentioned with the Creditors oiP Turnpike Trusts, are confined to the Cases

u where the Revenues of any Turnpike Road in England, applicable to the Payment of

ir ' the

267

Patronage of 1 such Benefice ' to be vested in Trustees.

All Turnpike AcU expiring before the End of the next Session continued to 1st Oct 1861, except 54 G. 3. c. lix., 4 G. 4. c. xlviii.

Acts in Schedule continued till 1st Not. 1861.

Provisions of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 3$. extended to Cases herein named.

[Short Title.]

53 G. 3. c. xxiv.

55 G. 3. e. xo.

56 G. 3. c. xiv.

59 G. 3. C.XXV.

1 & 2 G. 4. e. vi.

4G.4.C. cx.

6 G. 4. c. xlvi.

6 G. 4. c. lxxxvii.

6 G. 4. c. cxlix.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. lxix.

10 G. 4. c. iii.

10 G. 4. c. xxiL

10 G. 4. c. xxvi

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 73.

" the Interest upon the Principal Money for the Time being charged or secured On the

" Tolls or Revenues of such Road are insufficient for the Payment in full of such Interest," ' and it is expedient that such Provisions should be extended to other Cases as respects the Turnpike Roads herein-after mentioned

So much of the said Act as confines the Operation thereof to the Case where the Revenues of a Turnpike Road are insufficient for the Payment in full of such Interest as aforesaid shall, so far only as relates to any Turnpike Rood in England the Act in relation to which is continued by this Act, be repealed; and in the Case of any such Turnpike Road the Provisions of the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty shall be applicable (although the Revenues of such Turnpike Road be not insufficient for such Payment as aforesaid).

IV. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act^ 1860."

SCHEDULE.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Parishes of Yoxford, Saxmundham, and Benhall, in the County of Suffolk, to the Town of Aldeburgh, in the said County.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rochford, and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill in the County of Hertford.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, and from thence to Alton in the County of Southampton.

An Act for repairing the Road from Shelton's Lane in Bury in the County of Huntingdon to a House formerly called The Spread Eagle in the Hamlet of Stratton in the Parish of Biggleswade in the County of Bedford.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty for repairing and widening the Road from a Bridge over a Stream called Sudbrook near the City of Gloucester to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road near the Clay Pitts in the County of Gloucester, and for extending the Powers thereof to the Entrance of the City of Gloucester. f

An Act for repairing and improving the Road leading from Skipton in the County of York to Colne in the County of Lancaster.

An Act for repairing the Road from Kingston-upon-Thames to Leatherhead in the County of Surrey.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth and from Petersfield to the Alton and Alresford Turnpike Road near Ropley in the County of Southampton, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith.

An Act for repairing, widening, improving, and maintaining in repair the Turnpike Roads from Leeds to Halifax, and the several Branches and Roads therein mentioned, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the Road from Brandlesome Moss Gate in the Township of Elton to the Duke of York Public House in the Township of Blackburn, and a Branch Road therefrom, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Biddenden to the Turnpike Road from Ashford to Feversham, at Boundgate, in the County of Kent.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Kipping's Cross in the County of Kent to Flimwell Yent in the County of Sussex, and certain other Roads therein described.

An

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 73, 74.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Brick Kilns on East Mailing Heath to Pembniy Green, and from Brandbridges to the Four Wents near Matfield Green, and from the said Road into the Mereworth and Hadlow Road in the County of Kent.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving certain Roads and Bridges in ^be ^Liberties of the Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and Counties of Durham and Berwick, and improving, the Entrance to the Town of Berwick.

, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Alfreton to Higham and Tibshelf in the County of Derby.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road between the Town of Tarporley in the County Palatine of Chester and the Town of Whitchurch in the County of Salop.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road from the River at Swathling through Botley to the Road at Sherril Heath in the County of Southampton.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Sheepscar, through Woodhouse Carr, to MeanWoodside in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for more effectually amending the Road from Oldham in the County of Lancaster to Ripponden in the County of York, and other Roads in the same Counties, and for making and maintaining a new Branch to commupiepAe therewith.

An Act for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the Road leading from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey called Great Dover Street, for the* Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Edenfield Chapel to Little Bolton, and certain Branch Roads connected therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. I

CAP. LXXIV.

Act to, amend the Prpvipions of the Act for the Regulation of Municipal r Corporations in Ireland, with respect to the Appointment of Coroners in Boroughs.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her 't 7, , it present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland, it is, by the One hundred and fifty-third Section thereof, enacted, that the Council of eyeiy Borough in which a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace should be holden as was therein-after provided, should, within Ten Days after the Grant of the said (Court should have been signified to the Council of said Borough, appoint a fit Person, not being an Alderman or Councillor, to be Coroner of such Borough so long as he should well

behave himself in his Office of Coroner, and should fill up every Vacancy in the Office of c Coroner for the Borough occurring by Death, Resignation, or Removal within Ten Days next after such Vacancy, and none thereafter should take any Inquisition which belongs to

the Office of Coroner within such Borough, save only the Coroner so from Time to Time to c be appointed: And whereas the Councils of certain of the Boroughs named in Schedule (" A" to the said recited Act annexed, have not considered it advisable to present a

Petition for a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace or a Court of Reoord for the Trial of Civil Actions in such Boroughs, under the One hundred and sixty-third Section (of the said Act, and no separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace is holden in the said Boroughs, as is in and by the said recited Act in that Behalf provided, and the Councils thereof have not on that account been able to appoint Coroners for such Boroughs, which has been productive of public Inconvenience, and it is expedient that such Councils should

have the Power of appointing Coroners for such Boroughs respectively Be it therefore enacted by the Queers most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the

S '

269

10 G. 4. c. hri.

10 G. 4. c. lix.

10G.4«c. 1xt.

10 G. 4. c. lxxvii.

10 G. 4. c. lxxxi

10 G. 4.

C. lxxxvii.

10 G. 4. c. lxxxix.

10 G. 4. c. cxiii.

2 & 3 Vict c. xlvii.

3 St 4 Vict c. 108.

p»

Town Councils of certain Boroughs respectively may appoint a Coroner.

No Person to be appointed who is not qualified as under Sect. 153. of recited Act

Part of Sect 155. of 3 & 4 Vict c. 108. repealed.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 94.

3 & 4 Vict c. 54.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 74; 75.

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Notwithstanding that no separate Cpurt of Quarter Sessions of the Pence is ot shall be holden ip any Borough named in Schedule tc A." to the said recited Act annexed, as in the said reoited Act provided, it shall be lawful io and for tho respective Town Councils of every Borough named in the said Schedule, that is to say, the Boroughs of Belfast; Clonmell, Cork, Drogheda, Dublin, Kilkenny, Limerick, Londonderry, Sligo, and Waterford, to appoint a fit Person, not being an Alderman or Councillor of such Borough, to be Coroner of the feaid Borough so long as he shall well behave himself in his Office of Coroner, and to fill up every Vacancy in the Office of Coroner of the Borough occurring by Death, Resignation, or Removal within Ten Days next after such Vacancy, and from and after such Appointment none (save as herein-after mentioned) shall take any Inquisition which belongs to the Office of Coroner within such Borough, save only the Coroner so from Time to Time to be appointed: Provided always, that no Person shall be elected as Coroner as aforesaid who shall not be seised or possessed of such an Estate as would qualify him to be appointed Coroner of a Borough under the One hundred and fifty-third Section of the said recited Act; and every such Person shall, before he acts as such Coroner, take and subscribe the same Oaths and shall be liable to be removed in the same Manner as if he were a Coroner appointed under the said Section; and every Coroner so appointed under this Act shall be paid and remunerated in such Manner and out of Such Funds, and shall have and exercise all the same Powers, Privileges; and Authorities, and shall perform the sarhe Duties, and be subject to the same Liabilities, Incidents, and statutory Privileges in all respects as if a separate Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace were held in such Borough as in the said Act provided, and such Coroner were duly appointed under the Provisions of the sijud One hundred and fifty-third Section.

II. And whereas by the One hundred and fifty-fifth Section of scud recited Act it is enacted," That in every Borough in and for which no separata Sessions of the Peace shall

" be holden, no Beeson after the First Day of December next* after the First Election of (" Councillors under that Act in that Borough shall take any Inquisition which belonged to " the Office of Coroner within such Borough, save only the Coroner of the County at (" large in which such Borough was situated Be it enacted, That so much of the said Act as is herein-before set forth shall be and the same is hereby repealed* so far as the same applies to the said Boroughs named in Schedule A" to the said Act annexed or any of them: Provided always, that until the Council of any such Borough shall have appointed n Coroner of such Borough, or filled up any Vacancy in the Office of Coroner as herein-before mentioned, the Coroners of the County at large in which such Borough is situated, or any of them, shall have Authority to and shall and may hold Inquisitions and otherwise act as Coroner in such Borough, and shall be entitled to be paid for the same in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to make better Provision for the Custody and Care of Criminal Lunatics.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session holden in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years

of King George the Third, Chapter Ninety-four, and the Act of the Session holden 1 in the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-four, Her Majesty is i empowered, where any Person is charged with any such Offence as therein mentioned, (and acquitted on account of Insanity, and where any Person is indicted for any

Offence and upon an Arraignment is found insane, to give Order for the safe Custody

of

271

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 75.

1 of swell Person during Her Pleasure, in such Place and in such Manner as She may think fit; and by the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty One of Her

Mjtfesty's Principal Secretaries of State is empowered, upon such Certificate as therein mentioned of the Insanity of any Person imprisoned as therein mentioned, to direct such

Person to be removed to such County Lunatic Asylum, or other proper Receptacle for insane Persona, as the said Secretary of State may judge proper and appoint: And whereas by the Acts of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter

Twenty-mine, and of the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty,

Chapter Twenty-six, the said Secretary of State is empowered to order any Convict in Pentonville Or Midbank Prison becoming or found insane during Confinement to be removed to such Lunatic Asylum as the said Secretary of State rimy think proper: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Custody and Care of Criminal Lunatics in an Asylum or Asylums appropriated to that Purpose:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Lit shall be lawful for Her Majesty from Time to Time, by Warrant under Her Royal Sigp Manual, to appoint that any Asylum or Place in England which Her Majesty may have caused to be provided or appropriated, and may deem suitable for this Purpose, shall be on. Asylum for Criminal Lunatics, and the Provisions of this Act shall be applicable to every such Asylum.

(|If Jt studl be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by Warrant under his Hand, to direct to be conveyed to and kept in any such Asylum any Person for whose safe Custody during Her Pleasure Her Majesty is authorized to give Order, or whom such Secretary of State might direct to be removed to a Lunatic Asylum under any of the Acts herfein-before mentioned, or under any othei* Act of Parliament, or any Person sentenced or ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude, who may be shown to the Satisfaction of the1 Secretary of State to be insane, or to be unfit from Irtrbecility of Mind for Penal Discipline; and the Secretary of State may direct to be removed to and kept in such Asylum ferny such Persons as aforesaid, who, under any previous Order of Her Majesty or Warrant of the Secretary of State, may have been placed and remain in any County Lunatic lAsylum, oi? other Place of Reception for Lunatics, and every Person directed by the Secretary of State to be conveyed or removed to and kept in an Asylum under this Act, shall be conveyed to such Asylum accordingly, and shall be kept therein until lawfully removed or discharged, and that with every Person so conveyed or removed there shall be transmitted a Certificate, as set forth in Schedule A. to this Act annexed, duly filled up and authenticated, the Contents of which Certificate shall be transcribed into the General Register to be kept in every such Asylum.

III. Nothing in this Act shall restrain or affect the Authority of Her Majesty, where She may so think fit, to give such other Order for the safe Custody of any such Person as aforesaid as She might have given if this Act had not been passed, or restrain or affect the Authority of the Secretary of State to continue in or direct to be removed to any County Asylum or other Place for the Reception of Lunatics any of the Persons aforesaid whom he might have so continued or directed to be removed if this Act hod not been passed.

IV« It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State from Time to Time to appoint any such Persons as he may think fit, being not less than Three in Number, to be a Council of Supferviskra for any Asylum under this Act, and to remove all or any of the said Council, and upon the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any Member of the said Council, to appoint another in his Place; and also from Time to Time to appoint for the Asylum a resident Medical Superintendent, a Chaplain, and such other Officers, Assistants, and Servants as he may deem necessary, and at pleasure to remove such Superintendent, Chaplain, Officers* Assistants, and Servants respectively; and the Secretary of State, with 23 & 24 Vict. M in the

5 & 6 Vict. c. £9.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 26.

Her Majesty may appoint Asylum for Criminal Lunatics.

Secretary of State may direct Criminal Lunatics to be confined in the Asylum.

Nothing to affect the Authority of the Crown to make other Provision for the Custody of a Criminal Lunatic.

Secretary of State to appoint Council of Supervision and Officers for Asylums.

Secretary of State to make Rules for the Government of the Asylum.

Subject to such Rules, Council to superintend Asylum.

Provision as to Removal and Discharge of Lunatics.

Provision for Discharge of Persons confined after their Term of Imprisonment has expired.

Secretary of State may permit any Lunatic to be absent from Asylum on Trial, &c.

Provisions of Ski Vict. c. 54. as to

23° & 24° VICTORIA, e.

the Approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, shall fix the Salaries to be paid to the Superintendent, Chaplain, Officers, Assistants, and Servants of such Asylum.

V. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State from Time to Time to make Rules for the Government and Management of the Asylum, and for the Duties and Conduct of the Officers thereof, and for the Care and Treatment of the Persons confined therein, and to subscribe a Certificate that they are fit to be enforced, and such Rules, when so certified, shall be binding on the Council, and all Officers, Assistants, and Servants of the Asylum, and all other Persons whomsoever, and all such Rules shall be laid before Parliament within Twenty-one Days after they shall be certified, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Twenty-one Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

VI. Subject to the Rules certified by the Secretary of State under this Act, the Council of Supervision shall superintend and direct the Management and Conduct of the Asylum, and the Care and Treatment of the Lunatics confined therein; and such Council or any Two of them shall from Time to Time, as by the Rules shall be provided, and at such other Times as they may think fit, report in Writing to the Secretary of State in relation to the Management and Conduct of the said Asylum and the Condition thereof, and to any Matters concerning the same; and if any Person detained and confined as aforesaid shall be of a Religious Persuasion differing from that of the Established Church, a Minister of such Persuasion at the special Request of such Person or of his Friends or Relations shall be allowed to visit him at proper and reasonable Times by Application to the Medical Superintendent, and under such Rules as may be approved of by the Secretary of State, but no such Person shall be compelled to attend any of the Ordinances or Instructions of any Religious Persuasion other than his own.

VII. The Provisions of the Acts herein-before mentioned, or of any other Act for the Removal or Discharge of Lunatics whom the said Secretary of State is, under the hereinbefore mentioned Acts, or any other Act now in force, authorized to direct to be removed to any Lunatic Asylum, shall extend and apply to any Lunatic whom the Secretary of State may direct to be conveyed to any Asylum for Criminal Lunatics appointed under this Act: Provided always, that any Order for Removal or Discharge which may now be made by the Secretary of State on the Certificate of Two Physicians or Surgeons may be made on the Certificate of the Resident Medical Superintendent of the Asylum and any Two of the Council of Supervision.

VIII. Provided also, That where by reason of the Expiration of his Term of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude, or otherwise, a Person confined in the Asylum would be entitled to his Discharge if duly certified to have become of sound Mind, it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State by his Warrant to order the Discharge of such Person, although he may not have been certified as aforesaid, to the Intent that he may be placed in a County Lunatic Asylum, or otherwise subjected to the same Care and Treatment as Lunatics not being Criminals.

IX. Provided also, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State by his Warrant to permit any Person confined in the Asylum to be absent from such Asylum upon Trial for such Period as he may think fit, or to permit any such Person to be absent from such Asylum upon such Conditions in all respects as to the Secretary of State shall seem fit, and in case any Person so permitted to be absent upon Trial for any Period do not return at the Expiration of such Period, or in case any of the Conditions on which any Person is so permitted to be absent be broken, the Person not returning at such Expiration or absent after any such Condition has been broken, as the Case may be, may be re-taken as herein provided in the Case of an Escape.

X. All Provisions in the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty for the Payment of the Conveyance of such insane Persons as therein mentioned to any Asylum

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 73.

or other Receptacle, and of his Maintenance therein, shall extend and be applicable to the Conveyance of any such Person to any Asylum for Criminal Lunatics, and his Maintenance therein, and all Sums payable under any Order made under such Provisions shall be paid and applied towards defraying or reimbursing the Expenses in respect of which the same are paid, or other Expenses of the Asylum, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct.

XL In case of Escape of any Person confined in any Asyluffi for Criminal Lunatics, he may be retaken at any Time by the Superintendent of ' such Asylum, or any Officer or Servant belonging thereto, or any Person assisting such Superintendent, Officer, or Servant in this Behalf, or any other Person authorized in Writing in this Behalf by the Secretary of State or such Superintendent, and conveyed to and received and detained in such Asylum.

XII. Any Person who rescues any Person ordered to be conveyed to any Asylum for Criminal Lunatics during the Time of his Conveyance thereto, or of his Confinement therein, and any Officer or Servant in any Asylum for Criminal Lunatics, who through wilful Neglect or Connivance permits any Person confined therein to escape therefrom, or secretes, or abets or connives at the Escape of any such Person, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall be liable to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Four Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, at the Discretion of the Court, and any such Officer or Servant who carelessly allows any such Person to escape as aforesaid, shall on summary Conviction before Two Justices of such Offence, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Two Pounds.

XIII. Any Superintendent, Officer, Nurse, Attendant, Servant, or other Person employed in any Asylum for Criminal Lunatics who strikes, wounds, ill-treats, or wilfully neglects any Person confined therein, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall be subject to Indictment for every such Offence, and on Conviction under the Indictment to Fine or Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, or to both Fine and Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Court, or to forfeit for every such Offence, on a summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Two Pounds.

XIV. Two or more of the Commissioners in Lunacy, One at least of whom shall be a Physician or Surgeon, and One at least a Barrister, shall, once or oftener in each Year, on such Day or Days and at such Hours of the Day and for such Length of Xime as they think fit, and also at any Time when directed by the Secretary of State, visit every Asylum for Criminal Lunatics, and shall inquire as to the Condition, as well mental as bodily, of the Persons confined therein, or any of them, and shall also make such other Inquiries as to such Asylum as to them may seem proper, or as such Secretary of State may direct.

XV. The Commissioners in Lunacy shall in the Month of March in every Year report to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State the Visits made as aforesaid in the preceding Year, and all such Particulars in relation to every Asylum visited as aforesaid as they think deserving of Notice, and shall also report in like Manner in relation to any Visit made by the Direction of the Secretary of State, as soon as conveniently may be after such Visit, and a Copy of every such Report shall be laid before Parliament within Twenty-one Days after the Receipt thereof, or if Parliament be not sitting, then within Twenty-one Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

273

Expenses of Conveyance and Maintenance to apply to this Act.

Lunatics escaping may be retaken by Superintendent, &c.

Punishment of Persons for Rescue or permitting Escape.

Penalty on Officers or Servants ill-treating Lunatics.

Commissioners in Lunacy to visit Asylums;

and Report to Secretary of State.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, ci 75, 76.

SCHEDULE A.

Statement respecting Criminal Lunatics to he filled up and transmitted to the i Medical Superintendent with every Criminal Lunatic.

Name -

Age -

Date of Admission -Former Occupation -

From whence brought Married, single, or widowed How many Children Age of youngest -

Whether First Attack When previous Attacks occurred Duration of existing Attack -State of bodily Health -

Whether suicidal or dangerous to others -

Supposed Cause -

Chief Delusions or Indications of Insanity

Whether subject to Epilepsy -

Whether of temperate Habits -

Degree of Education - *

Religious Persuasion - «r

Crime -j -

When and where tried -

Verdict of Jury (- -

Sentence -

CAP. LXXVI.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 98.

Provisions of recited Act to be extended to Additions to exist ng Burial Grounds.

When Burial Ground not fenced or kept

An Act to amend the Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act (1856).

[6th August 1860.]

HERE/AS it is expedient to amend "The Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act, 1856:"9 lie it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Provision^ contained in the said Act shall extend to authorize any Burial Board

to contract f6r and purchase any Lands, and Buildings thereon, for the Purpose of making Additions tb any Burial Ground, although such Burial Ground shall not have been formed or purchased under the said Act, provided that such Burial Ground is not attached or contiguous to any Church or Chapel or J?lace of Worship actually used for Divine Worship, nor is situate in a private Demesne; and such Burial Board shall have and' exercise, with respect to the Acquisition and Management of such Additions, all the Powers and Authorities and be subject to all the Provisions contained in the said Act with respect to the Acquisition and Manageirieiit of new Bhrial Grounds, in the eatrie'Manner as if the Acquisition of such Additions had beeii authorized by the feaid Ad " '

II. When any Burial Ground not being attached or contiguous to any such Church, Chapel, or Place of Worship, npr situate as aforesaid, is without any sufficient Fence, or is not kept

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 76, 77. 275

in decent Order, the Burial Board for the Union, Borough, or Town within which such in decent Burial Ground shall be situated may, by Notice in Writing to the Owner of such Burial ^rder . Ground, require him properly to fence the same or put the same in decent Order within a Bo^may"* Time to be specified in such Notice, not being less than Six Calendar Months, and if such serve a Notice Notice be not complied with within the Time specified in such Notick, the said Burial Board requiring Uie may securely fence such Burial Ground, and £ut: the same into decent Order, and the Expense thereof shall be deemed Part of the Expenses incurred in the Execution of the said Act.

III. When such Owner cannot be ascertained, or Notice as aforesaid cannot be served, After Six such Burial Board may give Notice, by public Advertisement in some Newspaper circulating Months from in the County wherein such Burial Ground is situated, of their Intention to fence such tic^&^Burlal Burial Ground, or put the same in decent Order, as the Case may be, and after the Expiration Board em-of a Time to be specified in such Notice, not being less than Six Calendar Months, may powered to

?roceed to fence such Burial Ground, or put the same in decent Order; and when such Qround^and fotice shall have been given or Advertisement published, and the Expense of fencing of keep the same such Burial Ground or putting the same in decent Order shall have been defrayed by such and

Burial Board, as herein-before mentioned, such Burial Ground shall be under the Control Management and Management of such Burial Board, and they shall be deemed the Owners thereof until such Time as they shall have been reimbursed by the Owner thereof the Expense so incurred by them, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

IV. When the Owner of any Burial Ground shall be desirous of putting the same under Burial Boards the Management of the Burial Board of the District, it shall be lawful for such Burial Board ^ment^ to accept the Management thereof, and thereupon the said Burial Board shall be deemed the o^B^Ud14511 Owners thereof, and shall have and exercise all the Powers and Authorities of the said Grounds, recited Act and of this Act, with respect to the same, until the Owner, his Heirs or Assigns, shall repay to the said Burial Board all Expenses incurred by them in securely fencing such Burial Ground or putting the same into decent Order, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

Y. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with a The Burial Grounds (Ireland) Act to be con-Act, 1856," and shall be as if this Act and the said Act were One Act M One

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend the Acts for the Removal of Nuisances and the Prevention of Diseases.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS the Provisions of "The Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855/' and is & 19 Vict t n «Thfi Diseases Prevention Act. 1855." concerning the Local Authority for the cc. 121. and

The Diseases Prevention Act, 1855," concerning the Local Authority for the Execution of the said Acts are defective, and it is expedient that the said Acts should be 1 amended as herein-after mentioned: - Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

116.

Nuisances Removal.

I. Section Three, Section Six, Section Seven, and Section Nine of the said " Nuisances Sections a, 6, Removal Act for England, 1855," shall be repealed: Provided always, that such Repeal 7» aPd 9 2?. as aforesaid shall not extend to any Charges or Expenses already incurred, but the same may c. 8i21.repealed, be defrayed and recovered, and all Proceedings commenced or taken under the said Act, and not yet completed, may be proceeded with, and all Contracts under the said Act shall continue and be as effectual, as if this Act had not bkeri passed.

II. The

276

Local Authority to execute the Nuisances Removal Act.

Highway Board or Nuisances Removal Committees now subsisting may be continued so long as they employ Sanitary Inspectors.

How Expenses

of Local Authority to be defrayed.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 77.

II. The following Bodies shall respectively be the Local Authority to execute the said Nuisances Removal Act in the Districts hereunder stated in England:

In any Place within which the Public Health Act is or shall be in force, the Local Board of Health:

In any other Place wherein a Council exists or shall exist, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses by the Council, except in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, where the Local Authority shall be the Commissioners of Sewers for the Time being, and except in the City of Oxford and Borough of Cambridge, where the Local Authority shall be the Commissioners acting in execution of the Local Improvement Acts in force respectively in the said City and Borough:

In any Place in which there is no Local Board of Health or Council, and where there are or shall be Trustees or Commissioners under an Improvement Act, such Trustees or Commissioners:

In any Place within which there is no such Local Board of Health, Council, Body of Trustees, or Commissioners, if there be a Board of Guardians of the Poor for such Place, or for any Parish or Union within which such Place is situate, such Board of Guardians, and, if there be no such Board of Guardians, the Overseers of the Poor for such Place, or for the Parish of, which such Place forms Part

III. Provided, That in any Place where a Highway Board or "The Nuisances Removal Committee" chosen by the Vestry in pursuance of the said Act is subsisting, and at the Time of the passing of this Act employs or joins with other Local Authorities in employing a Sanitary Inspector or Inspectors, such Highway Board or Nuisances Removal Committee may continue to act, and a like Committee may be annually chosen by the Vestry for such Place in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed; but in case in any Year the Nuisances Removal Committee be not chosen for such Place in manner provided by the said Act, or if the Highway Board or Committee now subsisting or hereafter chosen jail for Two Months in any Year to appoint or employ a Sanitary Inspector or Inspectors, the Authority of such Highway Board or Committee shall cease, and ho like Committee shall be chosen for £uch Place, and the same Body or Persons shall thenceforth be the Local Authority for the Place as if no such Highway Board or Committee had been appointed therein.

IV. All Charges and Expenses incurred by the Local Authority in executing the said Nuisances Removal Act, and not recovered as therein provided, shall be defrayed as follows; to wit.

Out of General District Rates where the Local Authority is a Local Board of Health: Out of the Borough Fund or Borough Rate where the Local Authority is the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses by the Council: ...

Provided always, that in the City of Oxford and Borough of Cambridge such Expenses shall be deemed annual Charges and Expenses of cleansing the Streets of the said City and Borough respectively, and shall be so payable:

Out of the Rates levied for Purposes of Improvement under any Improvement Act, where the Local Authority is a Body of Trustees or Commissioners acting in execution of the Powers of such an Act:

Where a Board of Guardians for a Union is such Local Authority for the whole of such Union, such Charges and Expenses shall be defrayed by means of an Addition to be made to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes for which the Expense has been incurred, and be raised and paid in like Manner as Money expended for the Relief of the Poor:

Where the Board of Guardians for a Union is such Local Authority for Two or more Places maintaining their own Poor, but not for all such Places in such Union, such Charges and Expenses shall be paid out of the Poor Rates of the Places aforesaid for which the Board is the Local Authority:

Where the Board of Guardians for a Union is under this Act the Local Authority for a single Place maintaining its own Poor, and where the Board of Guardians for any such single Place, or the Overseers of any such Place, or " The Nuisances Removal

Committee "

277

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 77.

Committee " continued or chosen as herein-before provided in any such Place, are under this Act the Local Authority for such Place, such Charges and Expenses shall be defrayed out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor thereof:

Where the Board of Guardians for a Union is under this Act the Local Authority for Part only of any Place maintaining its own Poor, together with the whole of any, other such Plaqe or Part of any other such Place, such Board shall apportion such Charges and Expenses between or among any or every such Part and any or every such Place; and so much of such Charges and Expenses as may be apportioned to any or every such Place for the whole of which such Board is the Local Authority shall be defrayed out of the Rates or Funds applicable to the Relief of the Poor thereof;

So much of any such Charges and Expenses as may be apportioned to Part of a Place maintaining its own Poor, and any such Charges and Expenses incurred by any Board of Guardians or Overseers, where such Board or Overseers are the Local Authority for Part of any such Place only, shall be defrayed by means of an Addition to be made to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor thereof, and be raised and paid in like Manner as Money expended for the Relief of the Poor.

Y. Provided, That the Board of Guardians for a Union may appoint a Committee or Committees of their own Body, under Section Five of the said Nuisances Removal Act, to act in and for One or more of the Parishes or Places for which the Board is the Local Authority; and every Committee so appointed shall have the full Power of executing the said Act in all respects, within the specified Place or Places for which it is appointed, unless its Power be expressly limited by the Terms of its Appointment; and the Board of Guardians shall cause the Charges and Expenses of every such Committee to be paid out of the Poor Rates of the Place or Places for which such Committee is appointed; and where a Committee is so appointed for any such Place or Places the Charges and Expenses of the Board as Local Authority for or in respect of the Place or Places for which a Committee is not appointed shall be paid or contributed by such last-mentioned Place or Places in like Manner as the Expenses of a Committee: Provided that where any One such Committee is appointed for all the Places for which the Board is the Local Authority its Charges and Expenses shall be contributed and paid in like Manner as the Charges and Expenses of the Board would have been contributed and paid if such Committee had not been appointed.

VI. Provided also, That as regards the Metropolis, the Vestries and District Boards under the Act of the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty, within their respective Parishes and Districts, shall continue and be the Local Authorities for the Execution of the said Nuisances Removal Act, and their Charges and Expenses shall be defrayed as if this Act had not been passed.

VII. All Wells, Fountains, and Pumps provided under Section Fifty of w The Public Health Act, 1848," or otherwise, for the Use of the Inhabitants of any Place, and not being the Property of or vested in any Person or Corporation other than Officers of such Place, shall be vested in the Local Authority under this Act for such Place, who shall from Time to Time cause to be kept in good Repair and Condition and free from Pollution all Wells, Fountains, and Pumps vested in them under this Act, and may also keep in good Repair and Condition and free from Pollution other Wells, Fountains, and Pumps dedicated to or open to the Use of the Inhabitants of such Place.

VIII. If any Person do any Act whatsoever whereby any Fountain or Pump is wilfully or maliciously damaged, or the Water of any Well, Fountain, or Pump is polluted or fouled, be shall, upon summary Conviction of such Offence before Two Justices, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for such Offence, and a further Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day during which such Offence is continued after written Notice from the Local Authority in relation thereto; but nothing herein contained shall extend to any Offence provided against by Section Twenty-three of the said " Nuisances Removal Ac t"

IX. Local

Board of Guardians may appoint Committees for particular Parishes.

Saving for the Vestries and District Boards of the Metropolis.

Wells, &c. belonging to any Place vested in Local Authority, &c.

Penalty for fouling Water.

278

Appointment of Inspectors of Nuisancef.

Sections 2. and 3. of 18 & 19 Vict. c. 116. repealed.

Guardians and Overseers of the Poor to be the Local Authorities for executing Diseases Prevention Act.

Local Authorities may provide Carriages for Conveyance of infected Persons.

Justices, on the Application of Householders, may order the Removal of Nuisances.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, :c. 77.

IX. Local Authorities under this Act may, for the Purposes of $he Act, severally appoint or employ Inspectors of Nuisances, and make such Payments as they see fit, for the Remuneration and Expenses of such Inspectors.

Diseases Prevention.

X. Sections Two and Three, of The Diseases Prevention Act, 1855," and ^verj> other Enactment constituting a Local Authority for the Execution of thesatne Act, Or providing for the Expenses of the Execution thereof, except those contained in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twenty, the Metropolis Local Management Act, shall be repealed.

XI. The Board of Guardians for 6 very Union or Parish not within an Union in England shall be the Local Authority for executing the said Diseases Prevention Act in every Place within their respective Unions and Parishes, and in every Parish and Place in England not within a Union, and for which there is no Board of Guardians, the Overseers of the Poor shall be the Local Authority to execute the same Act; and the Expenses incurred in the Execution of such Act by the Board of Guardians for a Union shall be defrayed out of the Common Fund thereof, and the Expenses of the Board of Guardians or Overseers of the Poor of any single Parish or Place shall be defrayed out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish or Place; provided that every such Board of Guardians shall, for the Execution of the said Act for the Prevention of Diseases, have the like Powers of appointing Committees, with the like Authority, and where any such Committee is appointed the Expenses thereof and of the Board shall be paid in the same Manner as hereinbefore provided where such a Board is the Local Authority for the Execution of the said Nuisances Removal Act; provided also, that any Expenses already incurred by any Local Authority in the Execution of the said Act shall be defrayed as if this Act had not been passed; provided, moreover, that in respect of any Place where, under this Act, the Local Authority for executing the Nuisances Removal Act is any other Body than the Board of Guardians or the Overseers of the Poor, the Privy Council, if it see fit, may, in the Manner provided for the Exercise of its Powers under the Public Health Act, 1858, authorize such other Body to be, instead of the Board of Guardians or the Overseers of the Poor, the Locfcl Authority for executing the Diseases Prevention Act; provided also, that as regards the Metropolis the Vestries and District Boards under the Act of the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty* Chapter One hundred and twenty, within their respective Parishes and Districts, shall continue to be the Local Authorities for the Execution of the said " Diseases Prevention Act, 1855," and their Charges and Expenses shall be defrayed as if this Act had not been passed.

XII. It shall be lawful for the Local Authority for executing the said " Diseases Prevention Act" to provide and maintain a Carriage or Carriages suitable for the Conveyance of Persons suffering under any contagious or infectious Disease, and to convey such sick and diseased Persons as may be residing within such Locality to any Hospital or other Place of Destination, and the Expense thereof shall be deemed to be an Expense incurred in exempting the said Act.

XIII. Upon Complaint before a Justice of the Peace by any Inhabitant of any Parish or Place of the Existence of any Nuisance on any private Premises in the same Parish or Place, such Justice shall issue a Summons requiring the Person by whose Act, Default, Permission, or Sufferance the Nuisance arises, or if such Person cannot be found or ascertained, the Owner or Occupier of the Premises on which the Nuisance arises, to appear before Two Justices in Petty Sessions assembled at their usual Place of Meeting, who shall proceed to inquire into the said Complaint, and act in relation thereto as in Cases where Complaint is made by a Local Authority under Section Twelve of the said Nuisances Removal Act, and as if the Person making the Complaint were such Local Authority: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Justices, if they see fit, to adjourn the Hearing or further Hearing of such Summons for an Examination of the Premises where the Nuisance is alleged to exist, and to require the Admission or authorize the Entry into such Premises of any Constable or other Person or Persons, and thereupon the Person or

23° & 24° VICTORIA, C. 77/78. 279

Persons authorized by the Ordfet* the Justices may eiitei* arid, act as the Local Authority might under a like Order made by any Justice under Section Eleven off the said Act: Provided also, that the Costs in the Case of every such Application shall be in the Discretion of the Justices, and Payment thereof may be ordered and enforced as in other Cases of summary Adjudication by Justices: Any Order made by Justices under this Enactment shall be attended with the like Penalties and tOonsdqUences for Disobedience^thereofand subject, to the like Appeal as any OrdeT made tinder Section Twelve of the said'Nuisances Removal Act, and the Justices making such Order* may theflsby authorize any Constable or other Person or Persons to do all Acts for*removing or abating the Nuisance condemned or prohibited, and for executing such Order, in like Manner as a Local Authority obtaining the like Order might do under the said Act, and* to charge the Costs to the Person on whom the Order is made* as is provided in t|ie Case where a like Order is obtained and executed by $uch Local Authority. s,

XIV. The Guardians of any Union or Parish not within an Union may at any Time Guardians my

employ One of their Medical Officers to make Inquiry and report upon the sanitary State 8a1^ '

of their Union or Parish, or any Part thereof, and pay a reasonable Compensation for the and payfor same out of their Common Fund. the same.

XV. The several Words used in this Act stall be construed in< the same Manner as is Interpretation declared with reference to the same Words^n the above.-cited Actj t/ermcd " The Nuisances of Terms* Removal Act for England, 1855," and all the ^rovi^ions therejp, and in ts The Diseases Prevention Act, 1855/' contained, shall respectively be applicable to this Act, except so far

as they shall be hereby repealed, or be inconsistent with qnythipg, herein provided.

XVI. No Justice of the Peace shall, unless objected to at the Hearing of any Complaint Justices not in-or Charge, be deemed incapable of acting in; Cases other than Appeals arising under the said ?aPable of act-Nnisonces Rerrtoval Act by reaijon of his being & Member of any Body hereby declared to Mfmbe*o? be the Local Authority to execute the iaid Act, or by reason of his being a Contributor, or Bodies to exe-liable*to contribute, to any Rate or Fiind out of whicih it is hereby provided that all Charges ^te Nuisances and Expenses incurred m executing the said Act, and not recovered as therein provided, Removal Act* shall be defrayed. ' 1 '

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to place the Employment of Women, Young Persons, and Children in Bleaching Worits and Dyeing Works under the Regulations of the Factories Acts. 1 [6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is the Practice of some of the Occupiers of Bleaching Works and t " Dyeing Works to keep Females, Young Persons, and Children at work during the t Night, and an unreasonable Number of Hours during the Day: And whereas such Practices are not necessary to the successful carrying on of those Trades, but are very (injurious to the Health and Mprals of the Females, Young Persons, and Children employed

therein, and it has become necessary to regulate the Employment of such People, and to ' provide for the Education of such Children And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Labour of Children and Young Persons in the Mills and Factories of the United Kingdom: And whereas an *- Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled 1 An Act to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories: And whereas an Act was ' passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to limit the Hours of Labour of Young Persons and Females in Factories: And whereas an Act ' was passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act 1 to amend the Acts relating to Labour in Factories: And whereas an Act was passed in the

23 & 24 Vict. N n ' Seventeenth

a & 4 w. 4. c. 103.

7 & 8 Vict.

C. 15.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 29.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 54.

280 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 78.

16 & 17 Vict c. 104.

19 & 20 Vict c. 38.

Recited Acts to apply to Bleaching and Dyeing Works, and to the Employment of Females, Young Persons, and Children therein.

Females and Young Persons may be employed until Half past Four o'Clock on Saturdays and until Eight o'Clock on other Days, hut not so as to exceed in any Period of Six Months and Part of another Month the total Number of Hours allowed by this Act, &c.

Restriction as to Time Females and Young Persons are to be employed.

Females and Young Persons may be employed during the Night in case of Suspension of Employment by Deficiency or Excess of Water in the Stream, Saturday Night excepted.

Occupiers who employ Females and Young Persons according to the Provisions of this Act to keep Registers

Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act further to regulate the Employment of Children in Factories; And whereas an Act was passed in the (Twentieth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the further (Amendment of the Laws relating to Labour in Factories Be it therefore enacted, by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one the Powers and Provisions of the herein-before recited Acts shall apply and be held to apply to Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works, except Works in which the Operation of Bleaching by the Open-air Process is the only Operation of Bleaching carried on, and to the Employment of Females, Young Persons, and Children in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works, except as aforesaid, to all Intents and Purposes as completely and effectively as if such Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works had been mentioned and included in the Provisions of the herein-before recited Acts or any of them, except as is herein-after provided: Provided, nevertheless, that until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two it shall be lawful to employ Females above the Age of Eighteen Years and Young Persons in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works until Eight of the Clock at Night on every working Day except Saturdays, and until Half past Four of the Clock in the Afternoon on Saturdays.

II. Provided also, That after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two it shall be lawful to employ Females above the Age of Eighteen Years and Young Persons in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works, in every Case where the Employment of such Females and Xoung Persons, as regulated by the herein-before recited Acts, or any of them, or by this Act, shall have been suspended or Time shall have been lost in consequence of Fluctuations in Trade, the Nature of the Process, or any other Cause, in recovering Time so lost, until Half past Four of the Clock in the Afternoon on Saturdays, and until Eight of the Clock at Night on other Days: Provided that by means of such Employment the whole Time which such Females and Young Persons, or any of them, shall have been employed during the then present Calendar Month and the then last past Six Calendar Months, do not exceed the total Number of Hours which such Females and Young Persons may lawfully be employed according to the Provisions of the First Section of this Act and of the Provisions of the recited Acts.

III. It shall not be lawful in any Case, after the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, to employ Females and Young Persons or any of them in Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works, except such Works as before excepted, after Half past Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Saturday, or for more than Nine Hours on any Saturday, or for more than Twelve Hours on any other Day.

IV. In any Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works in which the Employment of Females and Young Persons shall have been suspended during any Day or Part of a Day, by reason of a Deficiency or Excess of Water in the Stream which, by means of a Waterwheel, should drive the Machinery or Part of the Machinery in such Works, but shall have failed so to do, it shall be lawful to employ such Females and Young Persons in such Cases during the Day and the Night following such Day (except such Day be Saturday when they may work until Six of the Clock) for the same Number of Hours within the Twenty-four consecutive Hours of such Day and Night as such Females and Young Persons may then otherwise be lawfully employed according to the Provisions of the herein-before recited Acts or of this Act.

Y. After the Month of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-tw'o the Occupier of every Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works, except such Works as before excepted, who shall employ Females and Young Persons, or any of them, after Half of an Hour after Two of the Clock in the Afternoon on any Saturday, or after Six of the Clock in the Evening on any other Day or Days, or during the Night, as herein-before provided, shall every Day, except Sundays, before Twelve of the Clock at Noon, register in a Book,

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

first approved by an Inspector, in the Form given in Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, in case such Females and Young Persons, or some of them, shall severally have been employed at or during a different Time or Times, the Time which each and every such Female and Young Person shall severally have been employed during the working Day last passed; and in case all such Females and Young Persons shall have been employed at one and as near as may be the same Time, then such Occupier shall every Day, except Sundays, before Twelve of the Clock at Noon, register in a Book, first approved by an Inspector, in the Form given in Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, the longest Time which any such Females and Young Persons shall have been employed during the working Day last passed; and the Time so registered shall be held to be the Time which all such Females and Young Persons were so employed in such Works, unless it be proved otherwise to the Satisfaction of a Justice of the Peace.

VI. It shall be lawful to employ in Bleaching Works and Dyeing Works Females and Young Persons who shall not at any Time previous have been employed in any Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works, or who shall not have been employed at the same Works during the Calendar Month then last passed for the same Hours and at the same Time which it may then be lawful to employ Females and Young Persons who shall then be and have been employed at such Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works and none other during the Six Calendar Months last passed.

VII. In the Construction of this Act the Words " Bleaching Works " and " Dyeing Works" shall be understood respectively to mean any Building, Buildings, or Premises in which Females, Young Persons, and Children, or any of them, are employed, and in One or more of which Buildings or Premises any Process previous to packing is carried on in the Occupation of Bleaching, Dyeing, or Finishing of any Yarn or Cloth of Cotton, Silk, Wool, or Flax, or any of them, or any Mixture of them, or any Yarn or Cloth of any other Material or Materials, and in One or more of which Processes Steam, Water, or other mechanical Power is used or employed; and the Words " the Operation of Bleaching by the Open-air Process" shall include every Process, whether of preparing, beetling, dyeing, finishing, or otherwise, to which Yarn or Cloth bona fide bleached in the open Air in Fields or Greens is usually and properly subjected.

VIII. That so much of Section Twenty-eight of the herein-before secondly-recited Act as provides that Notices of all Time lost which is intended to be recovered, and of all Time which shall be recovered, shall be hung up in the Entrance of the Factory, and the whole of Section Thirty-three of the said Act, shall not apply to the Employment of Females or Young Persons under the Provisions of this Act; and that so much of Section Twenty-eight of the said Act as provides that Notices of the Times of the Day and Amount of Time allowed for their several Meals, of all Time lost which is intended to be recovered, and of all Time which shall be recovered, shall be hung up in the Entrance of the Factory, and so much of Section Thirty-six of the said Act as provides that during any Meal Time which shall form any Part of the Hour and a Half allowed for Meals no Child or Young Person shall be employed, or allowed to remain in any Room in which any manufacturing Process is then carried on, and all the Young Persons employed in a Factory shall have the Time for Meals at the same Period of the Day, shall not apply to the Employment of Male Persons above Thirteen Years of Age in any Dyeing Works, or to the Employment of Children or Young Persons during the Meal Time of such Male Persons.

IX. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend or apply to any Person in so far as they are employed in the open Air, or to any Building, Buildings, or Premises used solely for the Purposes declared in the Act of the Ninth Year of Victoria, intituled An Act to regulate the Labour of Children, Young Persons, and Females in Print Works, or to the Occupier of such Building, Buildings, or Premises in respect thereof, or to any Person or Persons employed solely in the Manner declared and regulated by the said Act, or to any Premises, either open, inclosed, or covered, used or to be used bona fide exclusively for the Purposes of carrying on the Process, Occupation, Trade, or Business of Turkey Red Dyeing, or to any Employment necessary or incident thereto, or to the Occupier of such

281

in the Form given in the Schedules annexed hereto.

As to Employment of Females and Young Persons who have not been before employed in Bleaching or Dyeing Works, &c.

Interpretation of Terms.

Amendment of Sect. 28. of 7 & 8 Vict. c. 15. as to Notice of Time lost intended to be recovered.

Act not to apply to Premises used solely for Purposes declared in 8 & 9 Vict c. 29. regulating Labour of Children in Print Works.

V

Certain Provisions not to extend to Bleaching or Dyeing Works.

Hours of Work defined.

Provisions in Factories Acts as to Meal Times not to extend to this Act.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 78.

Premises in respect thereof, or to the Employment upon such Premises of any Females, Young Persons, or Children solely engaged or employed in any such Process, Occupation, Trade, Business, or Employment.

X. Provided always, That the Provisions of the Factories Acts in regard to requiring Machinery to be fenced off, and the Ceilings of Buildings to be whitewashed, shall not extend to Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works.

XI. Provided always, That for the Purposes of this Act (except as in this Act otherwise provided) the Time within which a Person may be employed in Bleaching, Dyeing, or Finishing Works is from Six of the Clock in the Morning to Eight of the Clock in the Evening, but so that such Person shall not work more than Eight Hours on Saturday, Twelve Hours on any other Day, nor more than Sixty Hours in a Week.

XII. The Provisions contained in the Factories Acts fixing the Times for the Meals of the Workpeople employed in Factories shall not extend to Workpeople employed in Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Register of the Time which each and every Female and Young Person has been employed during the Week ending [February 18fA 1860], by [John Armstrong and Company] at the [Fir Trees] Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works, situate in the Township of [Hopeton] in the County of [Lancaster],

Progressive No. in Certificate Book. Surname. Christian Name. Peb. 13. Monday. Peb. 14 Tuesday. Peb. 13. Wednesday. Peb. 14 Thursday. Feb. 17. Friday- Peb. 18. Saturday.

Hrs. Min. Hrs. Min. Hrs. Min. Hrs. Min. Hrs. Min. Hrs. Min.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Register of the longest Time which any Female or Young Person has been employed on each Day of the Month ending [February 18fA 1860], by [John Armstrong and Company] at the [Fir Trees] Bleaching Works or Dyeing Works, situate in the Township of [Hopeton] in the County of [Lancaster].

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 79. 283

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to provide additional Accommodation for the Sheriff (Courts in Scotland.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that additional Accommodation should be provided for the Sheriff Courts in Scotland and the Offices connected therewith:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Sheriff Court Houses Act, 1860."

II. The following Words and Expressions in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby Interpretation assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such 0 Terma-Construction:

The Word " Sheriff" shall include Sheriffs Substitute:

The Word " Magistrates" shall include Provost Magistrates and Council:

The Expression " Lands and Heritages," and the Expression " Valuation Rolls" shall have the same Meaning as is assigned to these Expressions in " The Valuation of Lands (Scotland) Acte," Seventeenth and Eighteenth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-one, and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Fifty-eight;

The Word Court House" shall include Sheriff Clerk's Offices, and Accommodation for the Procurator Fiscal, and for Procurators and Witnesses, and for the safe Custody of Documents: The Expression " Erection of a Court House" shall include the Addition to and the Alteration or rebuilding of any Court House already existing, and all necessary Works connected with such Erection, Addition, Alteration, or Rebuilding, and shall also include the Purchase of any existing Building for the Purpose, of a Court House.

III. On a Representation in Writing being made to One of Her Majesty's Principal Representation Secretaries of State, by any Three Commissioners of Supply of any County, or by Her he^ecretwy Majesty's Lieutenant and the Sheriff Depute of any County in Scotland, setting forth that of State oflxt^ the Court House Accommodation in such County is inadequate, it shall be lawful for the adequacy of Secretary of State to remit such Representation for Investigation, and report to such Persons Court

as he may think fit, and to make such other Inquiry with respect thereto as he may think necessary.

IV. If it shall appear to the Secretary of State, on Consideration of the Reports made to Representation him, that a Court House or Additions to any existing Court House is or are required, he q °

shall transmit such Representation to the Clerk of Supply of the County, with an Intimation Secretary of of his Opinion thereon, for the Purpose of being laid before the Commissioners of Supply of State, to be sent the County. to the Clerk of Supply.

Y. Within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Intimation, a Special Meeting of the Meeting of Commissioners of Supply of the County, for the Purpose of considering the same, shall be Commissioners called by Advertisement, stating the Purpose thereof, and signed by the Convener of the County, and inserted once in each of Two successive Weeks in at least One Newspaper held within published in the County, or if there be no Newspaper published therein, in at least One ^ne Montk Newspaper published in an adjoining County, and such Meeting shall be held within One ce^ o/inti-Month after the Receipt of such Intimation from the Secretary of State; and it shall be mation, and lawful for the Magistrates of every Royal and Parliamentary Burgh in the County the n

Lands and Heritages situate in which Burgh are of not less yearly Value than Twenty presen"

thousand Pounds, as appearing from the Valuation Rolls, if they see cause, from Time to Time to elect such Number of Persons respectively as is set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed to be present as their Representatives at the said Meeting, and at all subsequent Meetings of Commissioners of Supply for the Purposes of this Act, and such Persons shall be entitled to be present and to vote at such Meetings in like Manner with the Commissioners of Supply of the County.

VI. The

Commissioners of Supply may adopt Resolution, &c.

Secretary of State to dispose of Resolution.

Decision of Secretary of State to be intimated to the Clerk of Supply.

Plans and Specifications to be deposited in Sheriff Clerk's Office for Public Inspection.

Plans and Specifications to be approved by the Secretary of State.

On Plans and Specifications being approved of, Buildings to be proceeded with.

8 & 9 Vict c. 18. incorporated.

Court Houses vested in Commissioners of Supply.

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 79.

VI. The Commissioners of Supply may at such Meeting resolve to proceed with the Erection of a Court House; or, if it shall appear to them that additional Accommodation is not required at the Time, they may adopt a Resolution to that Effect

VII. The Resolution of such Meeting shall, within Eight Days after the Date thereof, be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to the Secretary of State; and in the event of a Resold tion being adopted that additional Accommodation is not required, the Clerk of Supply shall along with the same transmit any Statement of their Reasons for adopting such Resolution which the Commissioners of Supply or the said Representatives of Burghs may think fit to submit to the Secretary of State; and on considering such Resolution and Statement (if any) it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State to dispose of the same, by deciding that additional Accommodation shall be provided, either by the Erection of a Court House or that additional Accommodation is not required at the Time, as he may think fit.

VIII. The Decision of the Secretary of State shall be intimated to the Clerk of Supply, and in the event of such Decision being to the Effect that additional Accommodation shall be provided, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply, and they are hereby required, immediately after the Receipt of such Intimation, to proceed in Terms thereof to obtain Plans and Specifications of a Court House.

IX. Such Plans and Specifications shall, after being approved of by the Commissioners of Supply, be deposited in the Sheriff Clerk's Office of the County, and shall there remain for Fourteen Days after the Insertion in a Newspaper published in such County, or if there be no Newspaper published therein, in a Newspaper published in an adjoining County, of a Notice intimating that such Plans and Specifications have been so deposited; and during the said Period of Fourteen Days such Plans and Specifications shall be open to Public Inspection free of Charge.

X. On the Expiration of the said Period of Fourteen Days, such Plans and Specifications shall be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to the Secretary of State, who shall either approve of the same, or direct that any Alterations or Additions which he thinks necessary may be made thereon; and any Alterations or Additions directed by the Secretary of State shall be made by the Commissioners of Supply; and such Plans and Specifications shall thereafter be again transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to the Secretary of State for his Approval.

XI. On such Plans and Specifications being approved of by the Secretary of State, the same shall be returned to the Clerk of Supply; and the same, with an Estimate of the necessary Expense, having been submitted to and approved of by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply, and they are hereby required, immediately after the Receipt of the Plans and Specifications so approved, to proceed to purchase and acquire the Lands required for the Court House, and enter into Contracts, and to do all other Things necessary for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act; and such Court House shall be erected and completed under the Superintendence of the Commissioners of Supply, or any Committee or Person appointed by them for that Purpose.

XII. For facilitating the Purchase of Lands for the Purposes of this Act," The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," is hereby incorporated with this Act; and the Expression "the Promoters of the Undertaking" in the said Act shall, for the Purposes of this Act, mean the Commissioners of Supply of any County in Scotland: Provided that nothing in the said Act or in this Act contained shall authorize the Purchase of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

XIII. The Court Houses to be erected under the Provisions of this Act, and the Lands, Property, and Effects acquired for the Purposes thereof, shall vest in the Commissioners of Supply of the County in which such Court Houses are erected; and all Dispositions and Conveyances of Lands purchased and acquired under the Authority and for the Purposes of this Act shall be granted and taken to the Commissioners of Supply of such County by that Name, without further Description; and the Court Houses, Property, and Effects, -which

285

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 79.

shall be so, vested and acquired, shall be held by and for the Use of the Commissioners of Supply of such County for the Time being, without the Necessity of any continuing Title or Renewal of the Investiture, other than the said Dispositions and Conveyances and this Act; and such Court Houses shall be managed and kept in a proper State of Repair by the Commissioners of Supply of such County, who shall have the Control and Superintendence thereof.

XIV. The Commissioners of Supply may make and enter into Agreements and Arrangements for and with respect to the Use of any Court Houses erected under the Provisions of this Act, or any Part thereof, with any Persons or Corporations desiring to use the same, on such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed upon, except on such Days as the said Court Houses are required for the Discharge of the ordinary Civil and Criminal Jurisdiction of the Sheriffs; and any Questions or Differences as to the Use or Disposal of any Court Houses erected or improved under the Provisions of this Act, or any Part thereof, which may arise between the Commissioners of Supply and such Persons or Corporations, or any other Person entitled or claiming to be entitled to the Use of such Court Houses, or any Part thereof, shall be referred to and decided by the Lord Advocate of Scotland for the Time being, whose Decision shall be final, and not subject to Review in any Court or by any Process whatsoever.

XV. On the Completion of any Court House which may be erected or improved under the Provisions of this Act, an Account of the total Expense thereof, including the Purchase of Lands and all incidental Expenses incurred in or with respect to the Erection or Improvement and fitting up and furnishing thereof, certified as correct under the Hands of the Convener and Two Commissioners of Supply of the County, shall be transmitted by the Clerk of Supply to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, on the Receipt of such Account and Certificate, to pay One Half of such total Expense to such Commissioners of Supply, or their Treasurer, out of any Monies to be provided by Parliament from Time to Time for that Purpose; and the other Half of such total Expense shall be raised and defrayed by Assessment, as herein provided, on the Lands and Heritages in such County and the Burghs situate therein.

XVI. The Expense of maintaining, managing, and keeping in repair, and of cleaning, lighting, and warming the Court Houses to be erected or improved under the Provisions of this Act, including the Salaries or Wages of Porters, Hall Keepers, and other Persons employed therein, and other incidental annual Disbursements, shall be paid by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury out of any Monies to be from Time to Time provided by Parliament for that Purpose: Provided that the Accounts of all such Expenses shall be transmitted to and certified by the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall direct.

XVII. In the event of a Circuit Court of Justiciary being authorized to be held in any Burgh not being now a Circuit Town, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, out of any Monies to be provided by Parliament from Time to Time for that Purpose, to contribute towards the Erection of a Court House in such Burgh, over and above the Sums herein-before mentioned, the Amount which it shall appear to the said Commissioners corresponds to any Saving of Public Money thereby effected.

XVIII. In case any Court House, or any Part thereof, not being the Property of private Parties or of the Magistrates and Council of the Burgh in which it is] situate, shall cease to be used as such in consequence of other Accommodation having been provided under this Act, the Commissioners of Supply may sell the same for such Price as they may obtain therefor, and convey the same to the Purchaser: Provided always, that when the Building so discontinued forms Part of any Building used for other Purposes, the first Offer of the same shall be made to the Parties having Right to the other Parts of the Building, at such Price as may be agreed on, or, in case of Disagreement, as may be fixed by Valuators appointed by the Sheriff of the County; Provided also, that the Price received shall be applied

Agreements may be made for Use of Court Houses by other Parties.

One Half of Expense of Buildings to be defrayed out of Monies provided by Parliament and the other Half by Assessment

Expenses of Management and Repair to be defrayed out of Monies provided by Parliament.

Additional Sum may be contributed in Circuit Towns.

As to Disposal of Court Houses ceasing to be used.

Assessments to be imposed on Lands and Heritages.

Regulations as to Payment of small Assessments.

Commissioners of Supply may grant Relief from Assessment in Cases of Poverty.

County of Lanark to be divided into Four Districts for Assessment under this Act.

Mode of recovering Assessments.

Disputes as to Assessments to be summarily settled.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 79.

applied to the Purposes for which an Assessment is authorized by this Act, and in Diminu« tion pro ianto of the Sum so to be levied.

XIX. The Assessments for the Purposes of this Act, to be called "The Court House Assessments," shall be imposed and levied for such Periods as may be necessary by the Commissioners of Supply of every County in which a Court House has been erected or improved under the Provisions of this Act, and the Magistrates of every Burgh situate therein, respectively on all Lands and Heritages situate within such County and Burghs, according to the yearly Rent or Value thereof as established by the Valuation Rolls, and such Commissioners of Supply and Magistrates respectively are hereby empowered and required to impose and levy such Assessments accordingly, and that at such Rate in every Year as such Commissioners of Supply shall deem necessary, in order to provide sufficient Funds for the Purposes of this Act, including such Sum as may be required to cover the Expenses of Assessment, Collection, and Management, and any Arrears of preceding Years, and the Assessment shall be payable as for the Period from Whitsunday in the Year in which the same is imposed to Whitsunday in the Year immediately following, and may be levied either on the Proprietor or Tenant of such Lands and Heritages; but the Tenant, in the event of his paying such Assessment, shall be entitled to deduct the Amount from the Rent payable by him: Provided that such Commissioners of Supply or Magistrates shall not levy any Assessment in respect of any Dwelling House, Shop, or other such Premises, or any Offices or Outhouses connected therewith, which shall be unoccupied and unfurnished during the whole Period to which such Assessment applies.

XX. In the Case of Lands and Heritages situated within any Burgh, let at a Rent under Four Pounds per Annum, or for a less Period than Half a Year, Deduction shall be allowed by the Magistrates of the Assessment for each entire Period of Six Months, from Whitsunday to Martinmas or from Martinmas to Whitsunday, during which any such Premises shall be unoccupied or not furnished.

XXI. The Commissioners of Supply or the Magistrates, as the Case may be, may, on the Ground of the Poverty of any Person liable in Assessment under this Act in respect of any Lands and Heritages in Value not amounting to Four Pounds per Annum, remit, in whole or in part, Payment of the said Assessment by such Person, in such Manner as they shall in their Discretion think just and reasonable, but upon no other Account whatsoever.

XXII. The County of Lanark shall, for Purposes of Assessment under this Act, be divided into Four separate Districts, namely, the Upper Ward, the Lower Ward, the Airdrie District of the Middle Ward, as defined in " The Airdrie Rural District Police and Airdrie District Court Houses Act (1855)," and the Hamilton District, comprehending the Remainder of the Middle Ward; and the Court House Assessments under this Act, in respect of the Court Houses and Offices in each of the said Districts, shall be apportioned upon and levied from the landward Part and Burghs within such District only, and shall not affect the other Part of the said County.

XXIII. The whole Powers and Rights of issuing Summary Warrants for Recovery of the Land and Assessed Taxes shall be applicable to the Assessments by this Act authorized to be imposed and levied, and Sheriffs, Magistrates, Justices of the Peace, and other Judges shall grant Warrants for the Recovery of such Assessments in the like Form and under the like Penalties as is provided in regard to such Land and Assessed Taxes and other public Taxes: and all Assessments imposed in virtue of this Act shall, in the Case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, be paid out of the first Proceeds of the Estate, and shall be preferable to all other Debts of a private Nature due by the Parties assessed.

XXIV. Any Dispute which may arise between the Commissioners of Supply of any County, or the Magistrates of any Burgh, or any Person or Persons acting under them, respectively, on the one Part, and any Person holding himself aggrieved on the other, relating to any Assessment under this Act which it may not be competent or convenient to try

10

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 79. 287

and determine in the Sheriff Small Debt Court, shall be determined in a summary Manner by the Sheriff of the County in which such Dispute shall arise, or of the County in which the Court House is situate in respect of which such Assessment is, leviable; and such Sheriff shall, on a written Petition being presented to him by any of the said Parties, appoint them to appear before him, and shall then investigate the Matter in dispute in such Way as he may think proper, and decide the same summarily; and such Decision shall be final, and shall not be subject to Appeal or Review in any Court or by any Process whatsoever.

XXV. The Clauses of "The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847," with respect to the Clauses of Mortgages to be executed by the Commissioners, are hereby incorporated with this Act; J vic^* and the Word "Commissioners" in the said Clauses shall mean the Commissioners of Mortg^es Supply of any County in Scotland, and the Expression " the Special Act " in the said incorporated. Clauses Shall mean this Act.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of any County to borrow on Power to Bond or Mortgage, for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum not exceeding the Amount ^rrow on specified in the Account and Certificate herein-before mentioned as the total Expense ort8aSe' incurred in the Erection or Improvement of any Court House or Offices, under the Provisions of this Act, and to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations of the Lands and Buildings vested in and acquired or to be acquired and erected by such Commissioners of Supply in virtue of this Act, and the Assessments' to be levied under the Provisions thereof in Security of the Payment of the Money so borrowed and Interest thereon; and if after having borrowed the said Sum or any Part thereof such Commissioners of Supply shall pay off the same, otherwise than by means of the Monies received by them from the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, under the Provisions of this Act, or by means of the Sinking Fund provided for in the said Commissioners Clauses Act, it shall be lawful for them again to borrow the Amount so paid off, either by granting new Mortgages and Assignations in Security therefor, or otherwise, and so from Time to Time as they shall think proper.

XXVII. It shall be lawful for such Commissioners of Supply, in the course of the Power to Erection of any such Court House as aforesaid, to take from any Bank or Banking Company Credit on a Cash Account, to be opened and kept with such Bank or Banking re 1

Company in the Name of such Commissioners of Supply or their Clerk or Treasurer, according to the Usage of Bankers in Scotland, to the Extent of the estimated Expense of the Erection of such Court House, as approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Part thereof, and to make and grant Mortgages and Assignations of the Lands and Buildings vested in and acquired or to be acquired and erected by them in virtue of this Act, pnd the Assessments to be levied under the Provisions thereof, in Security of the Payment of the Amount of such Credit, or of the Sums advanced from Time to Time on such Cash Account, with the Interest thereon.

XXVIII. The whole Monies raised or borrowed under the Authority of this Act shall Monies raised, be applied to the Purposes herein specified, and to no other Purpose whatsoever; and separate -wad distinct Accounts of all Monies received and Payments made under the poses of this Authority of this Act shall be kept, made out, audited, and published in the Manner pro- Act. vided by the Police (Scotland) Act, Twentieth and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Seventy-two; and the Enactments and Provisions contained in Sections Forty to Forty-seven, both inclusive, of the said Act, with respect to the Appointment and Duties of a Collector of Assessments, and the keeping, making out, auditing, and publishing of Accounts, are hereby incorporated with this Act, and shall be applicable to the Assessments authorized to be levied and the Property to be acquired under the Authority of this Act, in the same Manner as if such Enactments and Provisions were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XXIX. In all Meetings and Proceedings under or with reference to this Act, any Five Quorum of Commissioners of Supply of any County shall be deemed to be a Quorum, and shall be Commissioners entitled to exercise all the Powers conferred by this Act; and every Question which may 0 upp y' arise at any such Meeting shall be determined by the Votes of the Majority of Commissioners of Supply and Representatives of Burghs present at such Meeting; and where the

23 & 24 Vict. O o Votes

m

Preses of Meetings.

Authentication of Documents relating to the Execution of this Act

Actions by or against Commissioners of Supply, how to be brought, acd not to abate.

23 & 24 Vict c. 15.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE. - c. 79, 80.

Votes of those present shall be equal, the Preses of such Meeting shall have a Casting Vote, in addition to his deliberative Vote.

XXX. In all Meetings of Commissioners of Supply under or with reference to this Act the Convener of the County, or, in the Absence of the Convener, the Person who may be elected by the Commissioners of Supply and Representatives of Burghs present at such Meeting to act as their Preses, shall be the Preses of such Meeting.

XXXI. For the Purposes of this Act, the Signature of the Convener of the County, or of the Preses of any Meeting of Commissioners of Supply of any County, or of the Chairman of any Committee to be appointed for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, adhibited to any Writing or Document, shall be equivalent to the Signatures of the whole Commissioners of Supply or of the whole Members of such Committee present at a Meeting thereof respectively; and the Addition to such Signature of the Word " Convener," " Chairman," or " Preses/' shall be good prima facie Evidence that such Signature is the Signature of such Convener, Chairman, or Preses, as the Case may be, and that such Writing or Document is genuine and authentic.

XXXII. All Actions, Suits, or Proceedings with respect to any Matter or Thing relating to the Execution of this Act, to be brought by or against the Commissioners of Supply of any County, shall be in the Name of the Clerk of Supply, or the Collector to be appointed under the Provisions of this Act, for the Time being, as the Party Pursuer or Defender representing such Commissioners of Supply; and no such Action, Suit, or Proceeding wherein such Commissioners of Supply shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders, in the Name of the Clerk of Supply or of such Collector, shall cease or abate by the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any such Clerk of Supply or Collector, or by any Change in such Commissioners of Supply, but the Clerk of Supply or Collector for the Time Being shall be deemed to be the Pursuer or Defender, as the Case may be, in every such Action, Suit, or Proceeding.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

Showing the Number of Members to be elected as Representatives of the several Royal and Parliamentary Burghs entitled to elect Representatives under this Act.

Annual Value of Lands and Heritages not less than

300.000 -

200.000 -

100,000 -

50.000 -

20.000 -

Number of Representatives.

8

6

4

2

I

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to regulate the Lev37ing and Collection of the Inventory Duty payable upon Heritable Securities and other Property in Scotland.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, Chapter Fifteen, f it was enacted, that Money secured on Heritable Property in Scotland, and Money

secured by Scotch Bonds in favour of Heirs and Assignees, excluding Executors, should for the Purposes of the Act be held and interpreted to be Moveable Property, and should be

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 80. 289

6 be included in any Inventory to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland of the Estate and Effects of any Person deceased entitled thereto, and in England and c Ireland respectively should be deemed to be Estate and Effects for or in respect whereof any Probate of Will or Letters of Administration should be granted; and that every such Inventory, Probate, and Letters of Administration should be chargeable with Stamp

Duty in respect of such Moveable Property; and that such Property and the Value thereof should be included in any Affidavit as therein mentioned, made on applying for Probate or Letters of Administration in respect thereof, in England or Ireland; and it is

expedient that the levying and collecting of the said Duty should be regulated as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All Money secured on Heritable Property in Scotland, and all Money secured by Scottish Bonds and other Instruments, excluding Executors, and all Money secured by Scottish Bonds and other Instruments, the Rights to which shall be taken excluding Executors, constituting the Succession or Part of the Succession of any Person who shall have died on or after the Third Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty, shall be liable to Inventory Duty under the said recited Act.

II. The said Duty, with Interest thefeon at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum, from the Expiry of the Period of Six Months after the Death of such deceased Person, shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and shall be payable by any and every Person who shall take any Money secured as aforesaid, constituting the Succession or Part of the Succession of any Person deceased, and that whether he shall take the same as having a beneficial Interest therein, Or as Trustee, or in any other Capacity, and whether he shall have an absolute Right, or only a Liferent or Life Interest, or other limited Right or Interest therein, and whether he shall take the same by Mortis causa Conveyance, or by special Destination, or by Inheritance.

Money secured on Heritable Property in Scotland and Scottish Bonds, excluding Executors, to be liable to Inventory Duty.

Duty, and Interest thereon, shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, to be payable by Person who shall take Money secured.

III. The Person or Persons so taking such Money as aforesaid shall, within Six Months Stamped next after taking the same or any Part thereof, or any Interest due thereon, lodge with the ^pec^ven" Solicitor of Inland Revenue at Edinburgh a full and true Inventory upon Oath or solemn lodged on Oath Affirmation, to be called a " Special Inventory," in the Form of the Schedule annexed with the Soli-hereto, of all Money secured as aforesaid, constituting the Succession or Part of the Succes- "j.and

sion of such deceased Person, such Special Inventory having thereon a Stamp denoting the Edinburgh. Duty payable on the Value of such Money secured as aforesaid, contained in such Inventory, being the same Rate and Amount of Duty, whether testate or intestate, as the Case may be, which would have been payable as Inventory Duty on Moveable or Personal Estate of the same Value; and the Oath or Affirmation to the said Special Inventory maybe taken before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace within the United Kingdom or the Colonies, or any British Consul; provided that in all Cases the Duty, together with the Interest and necessary Expenses, upon any Money contained in such Inventory, by whomsoever the same may have been originally paid, shall, in the Absence of any special Agreement or Provision or valid Testamentary Direction to the contrary, be ultimately borne by the Person or Persons beneficially interested in such Money, and if there shall be more than One Person so interested the Duty shall be borne by them proportionally according to their several and beneficial Interests in the Money on which the Duty has been so paid.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Executor or Executors of the .Deceased to add the Amount Money so of Money so secured, and the Value thereof, including the Proceeds accrued thereon, as herein-after mentioned, to the Inventory in Scotland of the Deceased's Moveable or Personal inventory* of Estate, and to pay the Stamp Duty on the aggregate Amount, in which Case no Special Personal or Inventory or separate Stamp Duty shall be required from the Person or Persons beneficially loveable entitled to the Money so secured; provided that in this Case the Executor or Executors of the Deceased shall make Oath (or, if sq privileged, solemn Affirmation,) of the true Amount Ag to ^tuTn and Value of the said Money and Proceeds; and the contingent Provision for Return of of Duty on the Duty, herein-after provided for, in regard to the Debts of the Deceased, shall in such Case Ground of ' O o 2 be Debt»-

£00

Duty paid on the aggregate Amount to be ultimately borne by the Parties according to their beneficial Interest.

Property for Payment of Inventory Duty shall be valued at the Date of the Affidavit to the Inventory.

Power to grant a Return of Duty under Circumstances herein stated.

1 VICTORIX, '-cy«a; : '

be applicable mutatis mutandis; and farther, ip this Case, the Inventory Duty so paid on the aggregate Amount of the Deceased's MbVefcble or Personal Estate, and of the said Money and Proceeds, shall, in the Absence of "any special Agreement or Provision or valid Testamentary Direction to the* ^contrary ,; be ultimately borpe by the Perpope/ interested proportionally actjording, to their, ^averal and beneficial Interests i* the aggregate Amount on which the Stamp Duty shall have, been, pp paid, and with, PlightA$f Relief accordingly. -.<] .-i, .; M . >% }., ., t[

Y. The Special Inventory provided by this Act, and "the tntfehto^ 6? tliel Personal Estate Of a Deceased, containing also the Property of which Dufy is imposed by the recited Act and this Act, shall be stamped with'Duty1 according* to tiliiB' ^afue of5 tUe Property contained 'therein at; the Tftite they shall'fnj respecltfviiiy s^Orii fb^indudijig the Proceeds accrued the'reott dowli to that Time, and the Diifcyoi^ defrc&nt'Dtity according to such Value and Proceeds and Interest thereon, at the Rate df FiVe per Oerdikn per Annum, shall be a Debt due to Her Majesty by the Person making'Oath to naid Inventories; and it is hereby provided, that the Inventory and additional Inventory of any Person deceased required to be exhibited ^pd recorded in the proper Comipi^ry CtyurJ; ip Scotland shall be; x8tapiped, ith , Dpty a^pording to, $9 ?TPpf^y., iWJ^amed

therein at the Time they shall be respectively sworn t$, mplycling theprq^eecL accrued thereon down to that Time; and the Duty or deficient Duty according to such .Value and Proceeds, and Interest thereon at the Rate of Five per 'CMilhm peir Atthufn9 shim be a Debt to Her Majesty by the Person making Oath to said Inventory and additional Inventory, and his Heirs and Successors; and if such Inventory and additional Inventory i shall pot be exhibited, aqd recorded, the Inventory Duty on all the Personal or Movefile Instate wyl Effects of the Deceased, and Interest, thereof at the Rate of Five \p$f Centum per Amum from the Expiry of the PerjodofSix Months after > thp Death of, sueV/deceased Person, shall be payable and shall be a Debt to Her Majesty by the Person who shall intnoiriit tvrth or enterupfrn the Possession and Management of such Personal *6tf Movable Estate and Effects, or any Part thereof, and his Heirs and Successors. a u u/ i

» -i *: . .1 i r'*: V Vi:< I

VI. The i Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall i grain* i1 a Return of > Che said Duty, corresponding tio a rateable Apportionment n6f (the Amount:by; which the Debts, (iri respect of which* aj Gihim Tor Return of Inventory Duty maiy be ooni()etfitrt) skull fee ipfcovcd to© the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners to exceed, the Personal Esthte* of the Deceased, betwIeCn the Amount of the Money1 contained-in the said. 1 SpecialIuUeirtorjr andi adHhorother Heritable Property of the Deoqased i provided^ such*Return ishcdi be denied*within; Three Years From the Date of lodging the Special Inventory.' / vi *nii i .!

Intromitters, &c. to be held to have taken Money so secured. Money secured on Land by absolute Conveyance, and Adjudication, and otherwise, to fall under the Provisions of the Act.

VII. Every Person shall for the Durpw8 of fkis Act be heJfltQ, have Money secured aforesaid who shall haye received or iptijpipitted/^ith such Money or jaipy, Part thereof, pr any Interest duf thereon, or who shall Lave m^dCf up. Tide, tbpreb*,

VIII. Money secured upon Heritable Property by Conveyance ex facie absolute, apd Money secured by Adjudication when the Right of Reversion has not expired, and all Money secured in any other "Way upon Heritable Property, shall be subject to the Provisions of the recited Act and this Act: Provided always, that nothing therein and herein contained shall be held to apply to Feu Duties or_to other permanent periodical Payments which are made a Real Burden upon Land, where Payment of a Capital Sum of Money is not thereby secured.

Recited Act IX. The said recited Act is hereby repealed, iin so far as it provides that in England and certoinE^tenu ^re^an^ the said Money shall be deemed Estate and Effects for and in respect of, which Probate and Letters of Administration shall be granted, and shall be included /in the Affidavit made on applying for Probate or Letters of Administration in England and Irelands:, , i >

i

StHE.

bn-

0

I. I

23r-fe.24f TDCTOEXE; ic.SO; 81.

l'"' . SCHEDULE.

IinnfiNl'cyRT of thte Money* secured ori Heritable Property in Scotland, and Money ' - «ecili*ed by Scotbh Bonds, &c., excluding Executors, belonging to [Name and Dete&ptiort bf Ikbeased], Whodied at J 1 "on the

Day of 18 for Payment of the Duty imposed by the Act

I ..{2$ Y^cijoria, Pap. 8(l; l lf, /l(? , .

1 I .....

1 1 1

s.

d.

II. Interest thereof from the

the Day of

r 1

Day of

I:* r

to

III. Bond dated; granted by; t; t in

1 *'>j 11 ':RiVbur 6f1 thi peceii$e<J, 1 excluding Ex:Ccuttfrs7 \}j thv Dedeasectd Right is ' "J(JJ^ Assiffndttotil &c.y deserve Rig hi]. ^; I s i- / 1

Iiih: LTu-ui, ti!'w *; -, b ', 0 /in'! j*!t b>, ! .; , .M: i r, :h t.r -

JXt r 1.. >l-n I, , , .r

(i

* Itti.\

I i; f !* 'fl F*i T l*; rj' /'ff'-tfw r I Hi; - >i, >

/loTfji / ti I L; ('<.i it!'! < b.ji. /T<»fn-) / . i .1 ^nol/ V. - !'j' II :; (in ' f! i? i

) fetid '...

(mil

1

Ddy of1 l!T !p! Qhe thousand eiglif hundred , iri Prfek^qe df " ': i 71 Esquirfe, One of the

.__o____fbif the Cit^ of ^faburgh]j [iy* Justice of the Peace, or British Consul],

«i f- 1 *>^ipg.isoIex»B|ly sworn and examined, 4cppncB,

that [Name and Descriptim<vf\Debased] died, ntj (i; i, Hoathe .; , .; L

Day of; that the Deponent has Right to the above Subjects [or Part

, offHe hbove* Subjects* >ari to the Lifipretot! of the 'abtfvd Subjects, as Heir of the Deceased;

ifo^-aaLegatCei^r is Ond of the Trustees of the Deeeasedy 3 that the Depohent knows if jud 1 Settlement or other ^Writing deft by(the Deoeasfedi relative to 1 the Ditepodal of his. Personal Estate*ortEffdeth, or1 aiiy Paft thereof [or that the Depenerit does not n<rtv of iany SCttltoment m WHtinrg jrelitive tio the Disposal of the Deceased's Personal Estate 'onKffeots* vot aniy Part 'thereof, '0tfibr4hari a{ general ^Disposition' and Deed of Stettlement dated the Day of / w -! ' rdgistereid in the*Books of Council

and Session on the Day of 1; that the foregoing Inven-

C^yj^eaCh^Pag^p^ whiili 84 si^nid^by the Deponent as relative Refetoj is1 a fidl and citnfdete ' S^ciaJ Itttentoty of all thC Money {Property belonging to the Deceased, ' and Proceeds thereof, liabte to the £>tity imfpbsed by the Acts 2S Vict. Cap. 15. and 23 & 24 V?ct Cap. 80.

[this Act], in so far as th^e same has qpme to the Deponent's Knowledge; and that the said Property is of the Value of . Pounds and under the Value of Pounds. All which is Truth, as the Deponent shall answer to God.

U, 1

1

i.M v.A; -I *'C-A-.P: LXXXI.

ct to icontinue Apppintmen|ts undex* the Acfc for donsolidating the Copyhold apd Joqlosuije Commis3ion»? and for eoinplefcing Proceedings under the Tithe Commutation Acts.

[Gth August 1860.]

WHEREAS under an Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth u & 15 Vict. i Years of Her Majesty (Chapter Fifty-three), "to consolidate and continue the c. 53.

Copyhold and Incl°sure Commissions, and to provide for the Completion of Proceedings

" under

23" & 24" Vi(710RL£, <*81, 82.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 53.

Powers of Appointment of Commissioners &c. under 14 & 15 Vict. c. 53. continued.

1 u under the Tithe Commutation Acts/' certain Powers of appointing Commissioners ' and other Officers as therein mentioned were limited to continue for Two Years next after f the Day of the passing of that Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session ' of Parliament, and no Commissioner or other Officer or Person appointed, or continued ' under that Act was to hold his Office for a longer Period than Two Years next after the f Day of the passing of that Act, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of

Parliament: And whereas by certain Acts, and ultimately by an Act of the Session holden in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-

three, the said Powers of appointing Commissioners and other Officers have been continued, ' and the Period limited for the holding of Office under the said first-mentioned Act

been extended until* the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, ' and thenceforth until the Epd of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said Powers of the said first-mentioned Act should be continued, and

that the said Period thereby limited should be extended as herein-after mentioned: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, sis follows: The Powers of appointing Commissioners and other Officers limited to continue as aforesaid by the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty shall be further continued until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and the Period limited for the holding of Office under the said Act shall in like Manner be extended until the said First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 113.

Provisions of recited Act enabling Judges to makr Orders in respect of Stock, &c. standing in Name of Incumbered Estates Court, to apply to " the Landed Estates Court, Ireland."

An Act to amend the Provisions of Act Amendment (1853)."

CAP. LXXXII.

" The Common Law Procedure (Ireland)

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend "The Common Law Procedure Amendment Act, 1853, '' as herein-after mentioned:1 Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Provisions in the said recited Act contained for enabling any of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Dublin, or a Judge, to make an Order as to any Stock, Funds, Annuities, or Shares, or Money, or as to the Dividends, Interest, or annual Produce thereof, in which any Judgment Debtor shall have an Estate or Interest, and which shall be standing in the Name of the Court of the Commissioners for the Sale of Incumbered Estates in Ireland, as if the same had been standing in the Name of a Trustee for such Judgment Debtor, shall extend and apply to "the Landed Estates Court (Ireland)," as fully and effectually as if the Words " the Landed Estates Court (Ireland!)* were inserted therein instead of the Words " the Court of the Commissioners for the Sale of Incumbered Estates in Ireland:* Provided, however, that it shall be lawful for " the Landed Estates Court (Ireland)*' on the Application of the Judgment Creditor, to make such Order in respect of the same as shall be just.

23° &, 24° VICTORIA, c. 83, 84. 293

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to explain an Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty enabling Infants, with the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on Marriage.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, c " Chapter Forty-three, intituled An Act to enable Infants, with the Approbation of the

Court of Chancery, to make binding Settlements of their Real and Personal Estate on

Marriage: And whereas Doubts have been entertained as to the Power of the Court of

Chancery in Ireland to give such Approbation, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed i ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

18 & 19 Vict. c. 43.

I. In the Interpretation of the said recited Act, and for all the Objects and Purposes The Words thereof, the Words u Court of Chancery " shall include and be taken to include the Court "^ourt of, of Chancery in Ireland, and all Orders made and Approbations already given by the Court the^d^ct1. of Chancery in Ireland, in Cases provided for and contemplated by the said Act, shall be as shall include valid and binding in Law as if the Words " the Court of Chancery in Ireland" had beep chflrtof expressly contained in the said Act in all Places where the Words " the Court of Chancery " ird^d!7 m are mentioned therein.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act for preventing the Adulteration of Articles of Food or Drink.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS the Practice of adulterating Articles of Food and Drink for Sale, in fraud of Her Majesty's Subjects, and to the great Hurt of their Health, requires to

f be repressed by more effectual, Laws than those which are now in force for that Purpose: Be it therefore enacted, by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Every Person who shall sell any Article of Food or Drink with which, to the Knowledge of such Person, any Ingredient pr Material injurious to the Health of Persons eating or drinking such Article ha3 been mixed, and every Person who shall sell as pure or unadulterated any Article of Food or Drink which is adulterated or not pure, shall for every such Offence, on a summary Conviction of the same before Two Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions in England, and in Scotland before Two Justices of the Peace in Justice of the Peace Court, or before the Sheriff Substitute of the County, or before Justices at Petty Sessions or a Divisional Justice in Ireland, forfeit and pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds together with such Costs attending such Conviction as to the said Justices shall seem reasonable; and if any Person so convicted shall afterwards commit the like Offence it shall be lawful for such Justices to cause such Offender's Name, Place of Abode, and Offence to be published, at the Expense of such Offender, in such Newspaper or in such other Manner as to such Justices shall seem desirable.

Penalty on Persons selling Articles of Food or Drink knowing the same to be injurious to Health.

As to subsequent Offences.

II. In the City of London and the Liberties thereof the Commissioners of Sewers of the Power to ap* City of London and the Liberties thereof, and in all other Parts of the Metropolis the pomt Analysts-Vestries and District Boards acting in execution of the Act for the better Local Management of the Metropolis in England and Ireland, the Court of Quarter Sessions of every

County,

294

Protection against Articles of Food and Drink being tampered with by Purchaser.

Power to Purchasers of Articles of Food and Drink to have them analysed.

Certificate of Analyst made Evidence.

Power to Justices to have Articles of Food and Drink analysed.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions

Where Conviction within Six Days of Quarter Sessions, Time al-

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 84.

County, and the Town Council of every Borough having a separate Court of Quarter1 Sessions, and in Scotland the Commissioners of Supply at their Ordinary Meetings for* Counties, and Town Councils within their several Jurisdictions, may, from Time to Timef1 for their respective City, Districts, Counties, or Boroughs, appoint and remove One or more Persons possessing competent medical, chemical, and microscopical Knowledge as Analysts of all Articles of Food and Drink purchased within the said City, Metropolitan Districts, Counties, or Boroughs, and may pay to such Analysts such Salary or Allowances as they, may think fit; but such Appointments and Removals shall at all Times be subject in Great Britain to the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and \n Ireland to that of the Lord Lieutenant.

III. Oh'the Heartrig by the Justices of any Complaint under7 this Act in any District, County, or Borough whereih any Analyst shall have been Appointed, the Purchaser shall prove to the Satisfaction of such Justices that the Seller of the Article of Food or Drink alleged to be adulterated, or his Servants, had such Notice of the Intention of the Furchaisei' to have such Article analysed, and also such Opportunity of accompanying the Purchaser to an Analyst appointed by this Act, as the Justices shall think reasonable, in order to secure such Article from being tampered with by the Purchaser.

IV. ) Any Purchaser of any Article of Food or Drink in any District, County, City, oa^ Borough, where there i$ any Analyst appointed under this Act shall be entitled, on Payment to the Analyst of a Sum not leBS than Two Shillings and Sixpence nor more than Ten Shillings and Sixpence, to have any such JArtiele analysed by any Analyst who may be appointed for such District, County, City, or Borough, and to receive from such Analyst ft Certificate of the Result of his Analysis, specifying whether in his Opinion such Article is adulterated, and also whether it is so adulterated as to be injurious to the Health of Persons eating or drinking the same; and such Certificate duly signed by such Analyst shall, in the Absence of any Evidence to the contrary, be sufficient Evidence before the Justices or in any Court of Justice of the Matters therein certified, and the Sum so directed to be paid for such Certificate shall be deemed Part of the Costs.

V. The Justices before whom any Complaint may be made under this Act may, in their' Discretion, cause any Article of Food or Drink to be examined and analysed by such skilled Person as they may appoint for that Purpose, who may be required to give Evidence of the same at the Hearing of the Case; and the Expense thereof, and of such Examination and Analysis, if not paid by the Complainant or Party complained against, shall be deemed Part of the Expenses of executing this Act, but nevertheless such Expense may be ordered by such Justices to be paid by the Party so complaining or complained against, as they shall think proper.

VI. Any Person who has been convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act by any Justices may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the City, County, Town, or Place wherein such Judgment or Conviction shall have been made, or in the Case of the Conviction having been before a Sheriff Substitute in Scotland, then the Appeal shall be to the Sheriff of the County, provided that such Person enter into a Recognizance within Two days next after such Conviction, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Court at such General or Quarter Sessions, or Sheriff, and to pay such Costs as shall be by such Court awarded; and the Justices before whom such Conviction shall be had are hereby empowered and required to take such Recognizance; and the; Court at such General or Quarter Sessions, or Sheriff, are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and may award such Costs, to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper.

VII. If any such Conviction or Judgment or Order of Forfeiture shall happen to be made within Six Days before any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be held for the City, County, Town, or Place wherein such Conviction shall have been made, the Person who shall think himself aggrieved by any such Conviction may, on entering into a

Recognizance

28" & 24° 'VICTORIA e, 84.

I^nizaoce, in manner and for the Purposes before directed, be at liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any $uph City, County, Town, or Place wherein any such Conviction shall have been.niade^ ©n giving Six Days Notice to the Complainant of hia Intention to appeal.

till. Any Person wim shall have been convicted by any Justices or Sheriff Substitute of any Offence punishable by this Act, in respect of the selling of any Article of Fo6d or Drink which shall havp been manufactured according to any Process patented before the pagsirjg of this Act, either by the ^Patentee pr Owner of the ^Patent, or by any Person carrying on his business or otherwise claiming upder him during the Continuance of such Patent, may, instead of appealing to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace or Sheriff of the Qo^nty, apply in Writing within Five Days after pi?ch Conviction to tl?e Justices, or Sheriff Substitute* , to 6ta, te and sign a Gjpe for the Opinion of One of the Superior Courts, of Pta^v, thereon, in like Manner as: under the Statute of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, he might have applied to the Justices to $ta, tc and sign a Case, and thereupon all such Proceedings shall take place upon and in relation to such Application, and all such Provisions shall be applicable thereto as would have taken place upon and in relation thereto, and been; applicable thereto, under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act; and in Scotland, for the Purposes of such Appeal, the Justices^ Sheriff Substitute may state and sigh a Case'for the Opinion of the Court of Session, in like Manner as the Justices in England and Ireland may for the Opinion of the Superior Courts of Law* under the said Act, and the Court of Session shall Have in relation thereto tho' like Powers as the Superior Courts have under the said Act, and all the'other Provisions of the said Act shall be applicable to such Appeals.

IX. In England the Provisions in the Nuisances Removal Act for England, 1855, as to Procedure, and the Provisions of the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of, Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices* of the Peace and of Session mthin England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders, and in Scotland the ordinary Rules regulating the Procedure of Justices of the Peace, so far as the same are respectively applicable, shall extend and apply to Cases arising under this Act in England or Scotland; and all Monied arising from Penalties under this Act in any County, City, District, or Borough where there are Analysts appointed under this Act shall, when paid or recovered, be paid in England and Ireland to the Vestry, District Board; Commissioners, County Treasurer, or Town Council for such County, City, District, or Borough respectively, to be applied' for the general Purposes of soch Vestry, District Board, Commissioners, County, City, or Borough respectively, and to the Collector of Rogue Money for each County in Scotland.

X. All Proceedings under this Act in Irelai}d as to compelling the Appearance of apy such Person or of any Witness, and as to the Hearing and Determination of such Complaints, and as to the making and executing of such Orders, and as to the Applications of Fines, Amerciaments, and forfeited Recognizances imposed or levied under this Act at Petty Sessions, shall be subject in all respects to the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Acf, 1851, as the same is amended by "The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858, (when the Case shall be heard in any Petty Sessions District,) and to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Divisional Police Office^ (when the Case shall be heard in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis), so far as the said Provisions shall be consistent with any special Provisions of this Act; and when any Fine or Penalty is imposed at any of the Divisional Police Offices of Dublin Metropolis, or by the Justices in any Corporate Town, under the Provisions of this Act, such Fines and Penalties shall be paid over to the same Purposes and appropriated and applied in the same Manner as is now by Law authorized in respect of Fines and Penalties imposed at such Divisional Police Offices, or by the Justices in any such Corporate Town respectively.

XI. In Ireland any Person who has been convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act may appeal to the next Court of Quarter Sessions to be held in the same Division of the County where the Order shall be made by any Justice or Justices in any Petty Sessions

23 & 24 VICT. P District,

lo^ed for Appeal

Persons convicted of selling adulterated patented Article may have a Case stated for Opinion of Superior Court.

Procedure in Cases under this Act,

Application of Monies.

Proceedings in Ireland as to Complaints,

&c. to be subject to Provi-sions of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 93. and 21 & 22 Vict. c. 100.

Appeal to,

Quarter

Sessions.

As to Expenses of executing Act.

Indictment or other Remedy not affected.

Interpretation of Terms.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 80.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 29.

Certain Sections of recited Acts repealed.

Register of

Neglected

Entries.

23° & 24° VICTORIA; c. 84, 85.

District, or to the Recorder at his next Sessions where the Order shall be made by the Divisional Justices in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or to the Recorder of any Corporate or Borough Town when the Order shall be made by any Justice or Justices in such Corporate or Borough Town (unless when any such Sessions shall commence within Seven Days from the Date of any such Order, in which Case, if the Appellant sees fit, the Appeal may be made to the next succeeding Sessions to be held for such Division or Town); and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessions or Recorder, as the Case may be, to decide such Appeal, if made in such Form and Manner, and with such Notices, as are required by the Petty Sessions Acts respectively herein-before mentioned as to Appeals against Orders made by Justices at Petty Sessions; and all the Provisions of the said Petty Sessions Acts respectively as to making Appeals and as to executing the Orders made on Appeal, or the original Orders where the Appeals shall not be duly prosecuted, shall also apply to any Appeal or like Order to be made under the Provisions of this Act.

XII. The Expense of executing this Act shall be borne, in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, out of the Consolidated Rates raised by the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and in the rest of the Metropolis out of any Rates or Funds applicable to the Purposes of the Act for the better Local Management of the Metropolis, and in Counties out of the County Rate, and in Boroughs out of the Borough Fund, or out of the Rogue Money in Counties in Scotland.

XIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held to affect the Power of proceeding by Indictment, or to take away any other Remedy against any Offender under this Act.

XIV. In the Construction of this Act the Words " Articles of Food or Drink" shall (if not inconsistent with the Context or Subject Matter) include not only all alimentary Substances, whether Solids or Liquids, but also all Eatables or Drinkables whatsoever not being Medical Drugs or Articles usually taken or sold as Medicines, but this Act shall not be construed so as to affect the ordinary Reduction of the Strength of Foreign, British, or Colonial Spirits by Persons licensed and paying Duties under the Excise.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to amend Two Acts of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years, and of the Eighteenth Year, of Her present Majesty, relating to the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend the Act passed in the Seventeenth and c " Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the better Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland, and the Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of the same Reign, intituled An Act y make further Provision for the Registration of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Sections Eighteen, Nineteen, Forty-two, and Fifty-four of the first-recited Act, and Section One of the second-recited Act, are hereby repealed.

II. It shall be competent for any Person on Payment of a Fee of Five Shillings to register in a Book to be kept for the Purpose in the General Registry Office, to be called "The Register of Neglected Entries," any Birth, Death, or Marriage which shall have taken place in Scotland between the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five: Provided always, that in order to such Registration there shall be produced to the Registrar General a Warrant to that Effect by the Sheriff of the County in which such Birth, Death, or

Marriage

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 85. 297

Marriage occurred, to be granted upon a Petition, of which Intimation, by Advertisement Or otherwise, shall be made as such Sheriff may direct, and after due Inquiry, and hearing any Parties having Interest who may appear to oppose such Petition, and which Warrant, and all written Documents produced to such Sheriff, together with his Notes, which such Sheriff is hereby required to take, of all parole Evidence adduced before him, shall be transmitted to the Registrar General, and shall be retained among the Records of his Office:

Provided also, that a Copy of the Entry of any neglected Birth, Death, or Marriage which occurred subsequent to the Year One thousand eight hundred and nineteen shall be made and transmitted from the General Registry Office to the Registrar of the Parish or District in which such neglected Birth, Death, or Marriage occurred, and shall by him be recorded in such Form and Manner as the Registrar General may direct.

III. If any Error shall be discovered in an Entry relative to a Birth, Death, or Marriage, Correction of in any Register kept and in use prior to the passing of the first-recited Act, which shall Eir" have taken place in Scotland after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight priorlo 1st hundred, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff of the County wherein the said Register is kept, January 1855. upon the Application of any Person having Interest, of which Application such Intimation shall be made as the Sheriff may direct, and upon Production of such Evidence, written or parole, as the Sheriff shall deem satisfactory, to authorize the Registrar General (or the Registrar in whose Custody such Register may be at the Time) to correct the same in such Form and Manner as the Sheriff may direct: Provided that no Part of the original Entry shall be obliterated, and that the Warrant of the Sheriff authorizing the Correction and all written Documents produced to him, together with his Notes, which such Sheriff is hereby required to take, of all parole Evidence adduced before him, shall be transmitted to the Registrar General, and shall be retained among the Records of his Office.

IV. The Provisions in the Second and Third Sections of the first-recited Act with reference to the Salaries of the Registrar General and the Secretary to the Registrar General are hereby repealed; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to pay to the Registrar General such- Salary as that the Amount thereof and of the Salary received by him as Depute Clerk Register shall not together exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds per Annum, and to pay to the Secretary to the Registrar General such Salary, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds per Annum, as shall from Time to Time be fixed by the said Commissioners, and such Salaries shall be paid out of any Moneys to be voted by Parliament for that Purpose.

V. It shall be lawful for the Sheriff, if he shall think it expedient upon a joint Applica- Landward and tion of the Parochial Board of any Parish, and of the Town Council of any Burgh situated of Up^h^art8 within such Parish, or upon the Application of the Registrar General, to unite such Burgh may be united, or any Portion thereof to any Landward Part of such Parish, or to unite any Landward Part of such Parish to such Burgh or any Portion thereof, and also to regulate and determine any Questions which may arise as to the Assessments to be levied for Registration Purposes upon such Burghs or Portions of Burghs, and upon such Landward Parts of such Parishes respectively, and all Questions as to the Right to elect a Registrar for such united Districts; and it shall also be lawful for the Sheriff to regulate and determine all Questions which may arise as to such Assessment, or such Right of Election, in the Case of all Unions which shall already have been effected under the Provisions of the First Section of the second-recited Act herein-before repealed; and the Decision of the Sheriff in all such Cases shall be final, and not subject to Review in any Court or by any Process whatsoever.

VI. All existing Parochial Registers of Births or Baptisms, Deaths or Burials, and Marriages or Proclamations of Banns, which shall have been kept in every Parish prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, shall, as far as regards such Registers made and entered prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be transmitted, under the Direction of the Sheriff, to the Registrar General for Preservation in the General Registry Office at Edinburgh, and, as far as regards such Registers from the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty inclusive to the said First v P p 2 Day

Provisions in Sects. 2. and 3. of 17 & 18 Vict c. 80. repealed with reference to Salaries of Registrar General and Secretary.

All existing Parochial Registers before 1820 to be transmitted to Registrar General, and after 1820 till 1855 to Parish Registrar.

298 23" & 241VCOTORIJE; 4.83;

Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five* shall be (Mivered offer id the Custody and Care of the Pei*son who shall have been appointedBegJ&*arfiof) the Parish under the first-recited Act; and where any Parish shall be'divided* teubh I last-mob tioiied Registers shall remain in the! Custody of the Registrar of that* Pcrtienof Itbci divided Parish wherein such Registers are at the Time of the Division 9 and the Registfait to whomiBuoh Registers shall be so delivered shall, if required by the Registrar General* make* because; to* be made exact Inventories and Indexes thereof in so far as such Inventories and Indexes do not already exist, noticing in such Inventories any'Blanks or DefidietabSeb therein or ether Matter requiring to be noticed; and authenticated Copy of edch st^li ihventbTy, aadft general Abstract of each, such Iridex, shall be transmrttedby him to the Registrar'General for Preservation in the General Registry Office; and the Regises from the Y^ar Orie thousand eight hundred and twenty to the said First Dhy otJUrntary On© thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, hereby appointed to remain with the Registrar of the Parish, shall; at! the End of Thirty Years after the said pitot Day of January, be transmitted inder"fhC Direction of the Sheriff to the Registrar General for Preservation as afortesaid; tand all stich Registers, and the original Inventories, Indexes, and general Abstract^ and the fttrthienti^ cated Copies thereof, whether in the Custody of the Registrar or Registrar General, hiay be! searched, and certified Copies or Extracts of Entries taken therefVOm, at all redsOiiabld Times by any Person upon Payment of the Fees authorized1 to be takbri for4 the like Searches and Copies made in or taken from the Registers and Indexes appointed to be kept under the first-recited Act 3 Provided always, that in all Cases it shall be lawful fojthe iSheriff, jjt he, shall think fit, upon a Representation to. that Effect, to direct tbftt the original Burial Registers shall remain in the Custody of the Kirk Session, to whom they belong, Copies of thp s^mq, being furnished to the Registrar Generals ... 1 .

Sessional Re- YU. If any of the Parochial Registers referred to shall be found to cqntafo Entries, cord to be relating to Sessional or other Matters, as well as Entries relating to, Births or Bap4jsip$* Kh^ssion 6 Deaths or Burials, and Marriages or Proclamations of Banns, such Entries shall be separated of the Parish, from the rest of the Register, under the Direction of the Registrar General, for the Purpose of being bound and delivered over to the Kirk Session of the Parish to which the Register pertains; and where it shall be impciseible to effect such Separation in conaequtohce bf/the Sessional or other Matter being intermixed With the Entries relating to Births or BaiptisMs, Deaths or Biirials, and Marriages or Proclamations 6f Banns, the' whole of the Register shall remain with the Registrar General, or the Registrar of the Parish, as the Case may be': Provided, that it shall be lawful to the Kirk Session or any dne anting under itfc Authority1 to have Access to and to make Copies of such Sessional or Other Matter without Payment of Fees: Provided also, that where the Portion falling to be delivered to the Kirk Session shall happen to contain any Entries from which the Occurrence of a Birjh. or Baptism, Death or Burial ^, or Marriage or Proclamation of Banns , may be proved, it shall be lawful for the Registrar General to cause Copies of such Entries to be made foi/ the Purpose of this and the first-recited Act, and the Cost of making such Copies! shall be defrayed in the Manner prescribed by the Fifth Section of the said first-recited Act.

Provision as VIII. With reference to the Twenty-second Section of the first-recitod Act, it shall bte Saf^and^00^ *or Sheriff, on the Receipt of a written Application to that Effect from the

Offices.0 Registrar General, to direct that a Fire-proof Safe or other Place of Deposit shall be provided in any Parish, District, or Burgh, for the due Custody of the Registers and other Docu* ments connected with Registration, by the Parobhial Board, Heritors, or Town Council of the Parish, District, or Burgh to which such Registers pertain; and the Cost of such Safe or other Place of Deposit shall be included under the .Assessment authorized to be levied by the Fiftieth Section of the first-recited Act; and further, it shall be lawful foi: the Parochial Board, Heritors, or Town Council of any Parish, District, or Burgh, where they, shall consider it expedient, to include under the aforesaid Assessment such Sums as may be required for the Provision and Maintenance of a suitable Office for the Us© of the Registrar; provided that such Office shall be situated within such Parish, District, or Burgh.

IX. The

23? & mivraroRUE, jo.m

n JXL The lid±«r !Pbiii6n; of the Tw^nty^fifthSeotioti of the first-recited Act> with refers face tb the annual PubKcation by the Sheriff of a List of Registrars and Assistant Registrars, Irberefoy/repddedo' Pjfovided that all Elections of Registrars shall be intimated to the Sheriff abrwril Mi to1 the Registrar1 General, in- the Manner prescribed by the Twelfth Section of thei^fBbdwitediAot^aild that due Intimation shall be made, by the Sheriff of all newly appointed! Registrars in; such Form ns hte may consider expedient

The jBirth of AUyChikJ of Scottish Parents/ or the Death or Marriage of any Scottish Sufeiect^ whiph rijall have taken place in any Foreign Country since the passing of the firsts jfppited, Act, if intimated; tQ tJ^e jRegiatrar General within Twelve Months after the passing ofithisAqt, and.tbiPiRirth of ^py Child of Scottish Farenfjs, or the Death or Marriage of any. (froftish Subjppjt, flfhjcjk ehaUtakeplapein nnv Foreign Country, if intimated to the Registrar Qenpnd \yithinj IJ>yelve Monthe faf|or thp Date thereof in apcprdanpe, as near ps may be, -Wfith thOiFopW; prescribed in Spherule? (Aw), (BA and (c.) respectively to the firstrreoited Act annoyed* and dply aerified by tbjc British Qqn^ul of the Country or District within w; bich svijph Birth, Death, pr Marriage shall have tyken place, shall be entered in a Book tq bp kepit.fior th Pprppsqrin the General Registry Qflice, to be called "The Foreign Renter;" W&diall, wch Inrimations shall, bfe filed, and (the relative Entries verified by the Sigwtui^e pfitherBqgistw Generalv -, 4. i, , ,; f,

, XT.'5S6 of thb Thirty-firstBertioti of the flrst-neciited Act as required the Signature of1ifae' Sheriff in the Register of Births, in the Causes/ therein referred to, is hereby repealed; Arid5 irir libit tlibredf th^ Signature of the District* Examiner, appointed under the Provisions of the Third' Sbctibfi of the secbnd-recited Act, shall be'feufficient: Provided always, that in all such Cases, before the Examiner adhibits Ins Signature to the Register, the Registrar shall produce the written Authority of the Sheriff for making the Registration, which shall be traninritted along1 with the Duplicate Registers to the Registrar General: Provided also, that the fentry of any Birth, Which shall have been registered upwards of Three Months After its, Occurrence, if signed by such Examiner, shall be admissible in Evidence to prove such Bi^tfy anything in (he said Section to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII.' Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Mode of reckoning the Period of " Six ' -Months/' referred; to in the Thirty-secOndand Thirtyrthird Scotions of the first-recited Act:* It is hbreby declared, That unless a; Certificate, in the Form of; Schedules (D.) or (E.) to the soid> Act annexed, is presented to the Registrar within Six Months after the Registration of the Birth to winch such Certificate relates, At shall not be lawful for the Registrar to Record, the Baptismal or; other Name, without the written Authority of the Sheriff endorsed ulpod suPh Certificate i

{ XII-t. The Additions and Alterations directed and authorized by the recited Acts to be fiaade in the Duplicate Registers, instead tof being given Effect to in the Manner therein prescribed, shall be inserted in the Register of Corrected Entries, referred to in the Sixty-thir^ Section of the first-recited A0*? }n SPC^ Form and Manner as the Registrar General may direct.

XIV. The Medical Certificate referred to in the Forty-first Section of the first-recited Act shall be transmitted by the Medical Person to the Registrar within Seven Days after the Death of the Person to whom it relates, instead of within Fourteen Days thereafter: Provided that in pa Be such Certificate shall not be 60 transmitted, the Registrar shall trans* mit ti> such Medical Person a Form of the Certificate prescribed by the eaid Act, and by a Written or printed Requisition, under his Hand^ shall require such Medical Person forthwith to rettivn to the Registrar such Certificate duly filled up in Terms of the said Act; and such Certificate so filled up shall be so returned within Three Days after the Receipt thereof by such Medical Person.

XV. So much of the Forty-sixth Section of the first-recited Act as provides for a Copy of Schedule (C.) to the said Act annexed being given out along with the Certificate of Proclamation of Banns, and so much of the Fifty-second Section of the said Act as requires the Registrars to furnish Copies of the said Schedule to Session Clerks, are hereby repealed:

Provided

293

Provision in 17 & 18 Vict c. 80. s. 25. as to annual Publication of Lists of Registrars, &c. repealed.

Register of Births, Deaths, and Marriages of Scottish Subjects occurring iu Foreign Countries.

Provision in Sect. 31. of 17 & 18 Vict c. 80. as to the Signature of the Register by the Sheriff repealed.

Mode of reckoning the Period of " Six Months" referred to in Sects. 32. and 33. of 17 & 18 Vict c. 80.

Additions and Alterations to he inserted in the Register of Corrected Entries.

Medical Attendant to transmit Certificate of Death to the Registrar within Seven Days.

Provisions in Sects. 46. and 52. of 17 & 18 Vict c. 80. as to Schedule (C.) repealed.

300

Alteration of 17 & 18 Vict c. 80. 8.50. as to Verification of the Registrar's Accounts.

Provision as to Payment of Registrar's Postages, &c.

As to Remuneration of Registrar.

Clerical Errors in the Duplicate Registers may be corrected by the District Examiners.

[Commencement of Act.]

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 85.

Provided that in every Case of regular Marriage a Copy of the said Schedule shall, upon Production of the Certificate of Proclamation of Banns, be procured by the Parties contracting the Marriage, previous to its Solemnization, from the Registrar of the Parish or District within which such Marriage is intended to be solemnized, who shall be bound, as far as posible, to fill up the said Schedule.

XVI. So much of the Fiftieth Section of the first-recited Act as requires the Examination and Verification by the Sheriff of the Registrar's half-yearly Accounts of Registrations is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof it shall be lawful for the Parochial Board or Heritors by whom the relative Assessment is levied, to take such Proceedings as may be deemed expedient for the Purpose of ascertaining the Correctness of such Accounts.

XVII. It shall be lawful for the Registrar to include in his half-yearly Accounts of Registrations the Expense attending the Postage or Carriage of all Letters or Packets, and all other necessary Disbursements relating exclusively to the Execution of his Office, and for all such Expenses he shall be repaid out of the Assessment authorized to be levied by the Fiftieth Section of the first-recited Act; and the necessary Expense incurred in the Correction of an Error under the Provisions of the Sixty-third Section of the first-recited Act, where such Expenses are not paid by the Party or Parties through whose Fault such Error was committed, and where such Error was not committed through the Registrar's own Carelessness, shall be defrayed by the Parochial Board, and shall be included under the aforesaid Assessment: Provided that it shall be lawful for the Parochial Board to recover such Expenses from the Party or Parties through whose Fault the said Error was committed: Provided also, that where any Search or Extract shall be required by or on behalf of a Pauper, the Registrar shall be entitled to include the Cost thereof in the Account which he is required to render to the Parochial Board under the Fiftieth Section of the Act first before recited.

XVIII. If any Registrar shall represent to the Registrar General that his Remuneration under the Provisions of the Fiftieth Section of the first-recited Act is inadequate, the Registrar General may require the Parochial Board to increase the Sum payable to the Registrar to such Amount as the Registrar General considers necessary; and in the event of the Parochial Board delaying or refusing to pay such increased Remuneration, it shall be lawful for the Registrar General to make a summary Application to the Sheriff, who shall, after hearing Parties and making such Inquiry as he thinks fit, determine both the Expediency of any such Increase, and the Amount thereof; and all Expenses incurred in and with respect to such Application shall be paid by the Parochial Board, or the Registrar, as the Sheriff may determine; and the Decision of the Sheriff in all such Applications, both on the Merits and as to Expenses, shall be final and not subject to Review in any Court or by any Process whatsoever.

XIX. It shall be lawful for the District Examiners, appointed under the Provisions of the second-recited Act, to correct all such clerical Errors as may be discovered at the periodical Examination of the Duplicate Registrars, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may be made by the Registrar General, with the Approbation of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

XX. This Act shall commence and take effect from and after the passing thereof, with the Exception of Sections Eleven, Thirteen, and Nineteen, and so much of Section One as provides for the Repeal of Sections Forty-two and Fifty-four of the first-recited Act, which shall not take effect till the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and the recited Acts, excepting in so far as altered by this Act, shall remain in full Force and Effect; and this Act shall be deemed a Part of the recited Acts, and shall be read and construed therewith as if the Three Acts formed One Act.

23° & 24°; VICTORIA, c. 86.

301

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to make Provision respecting the Marriages of British Subjects in the Ionian Islands.

[6th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision respecting Marriages which have been or may hereafter be contracted by Subjects of Her Majesty in the Ionian Islands

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All Marriages between Subjects of Her Majesty, or to which any such Subject shall be Party, contracted in the said Islands before the passing of this Act, under Authority of any Warrant, Licence, or other written Permission of the Lord High Commissioner of the said Islands, at whatever Hour, in whatever Place, or by whatever Ceremony the same may have been solemnized, shall be deemed to be as valid in Law, and cognizable in like Manner as if the same had been solemnized within Her Majesty's Dominions with a due Observance of all Forms required by the Law: Provided always, that this Enactment shall not extend to render valid any Marriage which before the passing of this Act has been declared invalid by any Court of competent Jurisdiction, or any Right dependent on the Validity or Invalidity thereof, or any Marriage where either of the Parties has afterwards during the Life of the other lawfully intermarried with any other Person.

II. All Marriages between Subjects of Her Majesty, or to which such Subjects shall be Party, which shall be contracted in the said Islands after the passing of this Act, under Authority of any Licence granted by the said Lord High Commissioner, or by any Officer authorized by him to grant such Licences, shall be deemed to be valid and cognizable as aforesaid, provided the same shall have been solemnized in manner herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

(1.) Every such Marriage shall be solemnized, with open Doors, in the Place specified in such Licence, being either some Christian Place of Worship, or the Palace of the Lord High Commissioner at Corfu, or the Residence of the Resident of the Lord High Commissioner in any other of the said Islands.

(2.) Every such Marriage shall be solemnized between the Hours and within the Period specified in such Licence, and in the Presence of Two or more Witnesses, and of the Officiating Minister, or, if there be no Officiating Minister, of the Secretary of the Lord High Commissioner, or of such Resident as aforesaid:

(3.) The Ceremony of Marriage, if solemnized in any Christian Place of Worship, shall be such as may be required or permitted by the Persons entitled to regulate the Use of the said Place of Worship; and, if solemnized in any other Place, maybe such as the Parties thereto may think fit to adopt; provided only, that if such Marriage shall not be solemnized according to the Rites of the United Churches of England and Ireland, then, in some Part of the Ceremony, and in the Presence of the Two Witnesses, and, as the Case may be, of the said Secretary or Resident or Officiating Minister, each of the Parties shall make the following Declaration:

" I do solemnly declare that I know, not of any lawful Impediment why I, A.B., may not be joined in lawful Matrimony to:

And shall say to each other —

"I call upon these Persons here present to witness that 1, A.B.y do take thee, C.D., to be my lawful wedded Wife [or Husband].'5

III. Immediately after the Solemnization of any Marriage under the Provisions of this Act, a Certificate of the same shall, in the Presence of the Two Witnesses, be signed in triplicate by the Parties thereto, and, as the Case may be, by the said Officiating Minister, Secretary, or Resident; and One Copy of such Certificate shall be delivered to the Parties to the Marriage, and the other Copies shall be transmitted to the Lord High Commissioner, and shall be registered in such Manner as he shall appoint; and a Copy of such Registry, purporting to be certified under the Hand and official Seal of the said Secretary, shall be

received

Marriages already contracted in the Ionian Islands to be valid.

Mode of

contracting

Marriages.

Certificate of Marriage to be signed in Presence of Two Witnesses.

Entries of Marriages to be reported to Registrar General.

Copies to be kept by Registrar General, who shall allow Searches to be made and give certified Copies.

Such Copieg to be Evidence.

Lord High Commissioners may make Regulations as to Form of Licence, &c.

As to Marriages procured by false Notices, Declarations, &c. Penalty.

False Notice, See. punishable as Perjury.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 86.

received as Evidence in the Law of the Marriage to which it relates, without its being necessary for any Person signing such Copy or Registry to attend in Person to prove the same.

IV. In the Month of January in every Year the said Lord High Commissioner, or any Officer authorized by him, shall make and transmit to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be transmitted by him to the Registrar General, a true Copy, certified under the Hand of the Lord High Commissioner or that of the Officer authorized by him, of all the Entries of Marriages during the preceding Year in the Register Book kept by the said Lord High Commissioner; and if there shall have been no Marriage registered during the preceding Year, the Lord High Commissioner, or such authorized Officer, shall transmit a Certificate of such Fact to Her Majesty's Secretary of State, to be transmitted by him to the Registrar General.

Y. The Registrar General shall cause Indexes of all the said certified Copies of Marriage Registers to be made and kept in the General Register Office; and every Person shall be entitled, on Payment of the Fees herein-after mentioned, to search the said Indexes between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon of every Day except Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday, and to have a certified Copy of any Entry in the said certified Copies of the Registers; and for every Search of the said Indexes shall be paid the Sum of One Shilling, and for every such certified Copy the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more, shall be paid to the Registrar General, or such other Officer as shall be appointed for that Purpose on his account, in addition to the Stamp Duty of One Penny imposed by an Act of the present Session, Chapter Fifteen.

VI. The Registrar General shall cause to be sealed or stamped, with the Seal of the General Register Office, all such certified Copies of Marriage Entries given in the said Office, and all certified Copies of Entries purporting to be sealed or stamped with the Seal of the said Register Office shall be received as Evidence of the Marriage to which the same relates, without any further or other Proof of such Entry; and no certified Copy, purporting to be given in the said Office, shall be of any Force or Effect which is not sealed or stamped as aforesaid.

VII. The Lord High Commissioner may, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be promulgated in such Manner as he shall think fit, make Regulations respecting the Form of the Licence and Certificate herein-before mentioned, and respecting the Conditions of issuing the said Licence, and respecting the Fees payable on the issuing of such Licence, and on the Solemnization of any Marriage, and respecting the Disposal of such Fees, and respecting the Registration of such Marriages according to the Laws of the Ionian Islands, and respecting all other Matters requisite for carrying into execution the Provisions of this Act; provided that no Marriage shall be deemed to be invalid in consequence of the Infraction or Non-observance of such Regulations.

VIII. If any Marriage shall be had under the Provisions of this Act by means of any wilfully false Notice, Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration made by either Party to such Marriage as to any Matter to which a Notice, Oath, Affirmation, or Declaration is required by this Act, or by any such Regulations as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Attorney General or Solicitor General to sue for the Forfeiture of all Estate and Interest in any Property accruing to the offending Party by such Marriage, and the Proceedings thereupon and the Consequences thereof shall be the same as are provided by Law in the like Case with regard to Marriages solemnized by Licence in England according to the Rites of the Church of England.

IX. Any Person who, for the Purpose of procuring, preventing, or delaying any Marriage, shall knowingly and wilfully make or sign any false Oath, Affirmation, Declaration, or Notice authorized or required by this Act, or by any such Regulations as aforesaid, shall suffer the Penalties of Perjury, and such Offender may be tried in any County or Place in the United Kingdom, in the same Manner, and be dealt with in all respects, as if the Offence had been committed in such County or Place.

X. In

23° & 24° VICTORIA, fe: 86, 87, 88.

X. Ifi any and every Action or Suit for Forfeiture, and upon every or any Prosecution for Perjury as aforesaid, the Declaration or Certificate of the Lord High Commissioner, or of his Secretary, or of any such Resident as aforesaid, under their respective Hands and official Seals, shall be received as Evidence in the Law of all Facts and Matters stated in such Declaration or Certificate, without its being necessary for such Lord High Commissioner, Secretary, or Resident to attend in person to prove the same.

XI. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to render invalid any Marriage heretofore or hereafter solemnized within the said Islands ^vhich Marriage wais or shall be valid according to the Laws of the said Islands.

XII. The Terms ^I^ord High Commissioner," " Resident of the Jjord High Commissioner," and Secretary of the Lord High Commissioner," shall include Respectively any Person lawfully acting in any of such Capacities.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Authority of the Senior Member of the Council of the Governor*General of India in the Absence of the President.

[13th August 1860.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen where the Governor-General of India has nominated some Member of his Council to be President of the said Council during his Absence under the Provisions of the Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years

of King William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five, and the President so appointed is absent

owing to Indisposition or other Cause, whether it is competent to the Senior Member of the Council present at the Council to preside and exercise the Powers and Authorities which during the Absence of the Governor-General, where no such President is appointed, such Senior Member is competent to exercise under the Provisions of the Act of the '. Session holden in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of King George the Third, Chapter ' Seventy-nine, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Whenever a President of the Council of the Governor-General of India appointed by the said Governor-General under the Provisions of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth is from Indisposition or other Cause absent from any Meeting of the Council (the Governor-General also continuing absent therefrom), it is and shall be deemed to have been lawful for the Senior Member of the Council who is present at such Meeting to preside at the Council, and to exercise the Powers and Authorities which during the Absence of the Governor-General he is competent to exercise under the Provisions of the said Act of the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of King George the Third where no such President is appointed.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act to extend certain Provisions for Admiralty Jurisdiction in the Colonies to Her Majesty's Territories in India.

[13th August 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Twelfth and Thirteenth r " Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-six, to provide for the Prosecution and

* Trial in Her Majesty's Colonies of Offences committed within the Jurisdiction of the

£3 & 24 Vict. Q q ' " Admiralty, "

m

Evidence.

Act not to invalidate Marriages otherwise lawful.

Interpretation of certain Terms.

3 & 4 W. 4. c. 85.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 79.

During Absence of Governor-General or any President appointed by him, the Senior Member present to preside and act.

12 & 13 Vict. c. 96.

Provisions of the recited Act to extend to India.

Provision for Persons entitled to be tried by the Supreme Court of a Presidency.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 88, 89. '

" Admiralty/' and by such Act it was provided that for the Purposes thereof the Word

" Colony" should mean any Island, Plantation, Colony, Dominion, Fort, or Factory of

Her Majesty, except the United Kingdom and the Islands of Man, Guernsey, Jersey, c Alderney, and Sark, and the Islands adjacent thereto respectively, and except also all such Parts and Places as were under the Government of the East India Company: And whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Act should extend to all Parts ' and Places heretofore under the Government of the East India Company in like Manner

as to other Colonial and Foreign Possessions of Her Majesty Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. So much of the said Act as excepts the Parts and Places then under the Government of the East India Company, from the Interpretation of the Word "Colony" shall be repealed, and for the Purposes of the said Act the Word " Colony " therein shall include and apply to every Part and Place heretofore under the Government of the East India Company, or which may be under the Government of Her Majesty in India, and all the Provisions of the said Act shall be construed and take effect accordingly.

II. Provided always, That where any Person within any Place in India is charged with the Commission of any Offence in respect of which Jurisdiction is given by the said Act, or where any Person charged with the Commission of any such Offence is brought for Trial under the said Act to any Place in India, if at any Time before his Trial he make it appear to the Court exercising Criminal Jurisdiction in the Place where he is so charged or brought for Trial, that in case the Offence charged had been committed in such Place he could have been tried only in the Supreme Court of One of the Three Presidencies in India, and claim to be tried by such a Supreme Court accordingly, the said Court exercising Criminal Jurisdiction as aforesaid shall certify the Fact and Claim to the Governor of such Place or Chief Local Authority thereof, and such Governor or Chief Local Authority thereupon shall order and cause the Person charged to be sent in Custody to such One of the Presidencies as such Governor shall think fit for Trial before the Supreme Court of such Presidency, and the said Supreme Court and all public Officers and other Persons in the Presidency shall have the same Jurisdiction and Authorities, and proceed in the same Manner in relation to the Person charged with such Offence, as if the same had been committed or originally charged to have been committed within the Limits of the ordinary Jurisdiction of such Supreme Court.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to extend in certain Cases the Provisions of the Superannuation Act, 1859- [13th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Grant of Super- T annuation Allowances to Persona who may have served both in the Office of the

Secretary of State for India, and likewise in the permanent Civil Service of the State,

within the Meaning of Section Seventeen of the Superannuation Act, 1859 Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by 'and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Superannua- I. Whenever any Person shall have been transferred from any Situation or Employment uTextend m Permanent Civil Service entitling him to Superannuation Allowance under the

Cases of Joint Superannuation Act, 1859, to any Situation or Employment in the Office of the Secretary ^of Swre ^or entitling him to Superannuation Allowance under Section Eighteen of the

23" &, 24" VICTORIA, c. 89, 90.

the " Act for the better Government of India" Twenty-one and Twenty-two Victoria, Chapter One hundred and six, or whenever any Person shall have been transferred from any such last-mentioned to any such first-mentioned Situation or Employment, such Person shall be entitled to Superannuation Allowance calculated on his whole Service according to the Provisions of the Superannuation Act aforesaid, and such Allowance shall be paid out of the Revenues of India and out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of Monies voted by Parliament, in such Portions respectively as shall have been earned by such Person in the respective Services aforesaid.

CAP. XC.

An Act to repeal the Duties on Game Certificates and Certificates to deal in Game, and to impose in lieu thereof Duties on Excise Licences and Certificates for the like Purposes.

[13th August 1860.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the passing of this Act the respective Duties of Assessed Taxes now payable under the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf in respect of Certificates to kill Game in Great Britain, and to deal in Game in England, and all the Provisions, Rules, and Directions for assessing, charging, and collecting any of the said Duties contained in Schedule (L.) of the Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of King George the Third, Chapter Ninety-three, and also the Duties now payable in Ireland under the Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Fifty-six, in respect of every Certificate of having registered a Deputation as a Gamekeeper, and in respect of every Certificate to authorize any Person, not being a Gamekeeper, to kill Game in Ireland, and also the Nineteenth and Twentieth Sections of the Act passed in the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-two, shall respectively cease and determine, and the same are hereby repealed, except as to any Arrears of the said Duties respectively, and as to any Penalties incurred before the Commencement of this Act.

II. In lieu of the Duties hereby repealed there shall be granted, charged, and paid for and upon the several Licences and Certificates to take or kill Game, and Licences to deal in Game herein-after mentioned, the respective Duties or Sums of Money herein-after expressed or denoted; (that is to say,)

£ s. d.

For a Licence in Great Britain or a Certificate in Ireland to be taken out by every Person who shall use any Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine for the Purpose of taking or killing any Game whatever, or any Woodcock, Snipe,

Quail, or Landrail, or any Conies, or any Deer, or shall take or kill by any Means whatever or shall assist in any Manner in the taking or killing by any Means whatever of any Game, or any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, or Landrail, or any Coney, or any Deer:

If such Licence or Certificate shall be taken out after the Fifth Day of April and before the First Day of November,

To expire on the Fifth Day of April in the following Year - - 3 0 0

To expire on the Thirty-first Day of October in the same Year in which the Licence or Certificate shall be taken out - - 2 0 0

If such Licence or Certificate shall be taken out on or after the First Day of November,

To expire on the Fifth Day of April'following - -200

305

tary of State for India, and in the permanent Civil Service.

After passing of this Act the Duties in respect of Certificates to kill and deal in Game as contained in 52 G. 3. c. 93. Sched. CL.),

56 G. 3. c. 56. and 1 & 2 W. 4. c. 32. repealed.

In lien of Duties repealed, the Duties herein-named to be levied.

306

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 90.

Provided always, That any Person having the Right to kill Game on any £ 5. d. Lands in England or Scotland shall be entitled to take out a Licence to authorize any Servant for whom he shpll be chargeable to the Duty of Assessed Taxes as a Gamekeeper, to kill Game upon the same Lands, upon Payment of the Duty of- - -200

And for every Licence to deal in Game in England, Scotland, or Ireland, to

be granted under this Act - -200

Duties granted III. The Duties by this Act granted shall be under the Management of the Commis* to be Excise sioners of Inland Revenue, and shall be deemed to be Excise Duties, and all the Powers,

the'commis- Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions contained in any Act relating to Excise

sioners of In- Duties or to Penalties under Excise Acts, and now or hereafter in force, shall respectively

land Revenue, be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties by this Act granted, and to the

Penalties hereby imposed, so far as the same are or may be applicable, and shall be observed, applied, and enforced for and in the collecting, securing, and recovering of the said Duties and Penalties hereby granted and imposed respectively, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall be consistent with and not superseded by the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted in this Act with reference to the said last-mentioned Duties and Penalties respectively.

Licence to be IY. Every Person before he shall in Great Britain take, kill, or pursue, or aid or assist ^kin °or kill *n an^anner *n ^e taking, killing, or pursuing by any Means whatever, or use any Dog, ing^ame in - dun, Net, or other Engine for the Purpose of taking, killing, or pursuing any Game, or Great Britain, any Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, or Landrail, or any Coney, or any Deer, shall take out a proper Licence to kill Game under this Act, and pay the Duty hereby made payable Penalty for thereon; and if any Person shall do any such Act as herein-before mentioned in Great Britain Neglect without having duly taken out and having in force such Licence as aforesaid, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Exceptions and V. The following Exceptions and Exemptions from the Duties and Provisions of this Exemptions. Act are hereby made and granted; (that is to say,)

Exceptions.

1. The taking of Woodcocks and Snipes with Nets or Springes in Great Britain.

2. The taking or destroying of Conies in Great Britain by the Proprietor of any Warren

or of any inclosed Ground whatever, or by the Tenant of Lands, either by himself or by his Direction or Permission.

3. The pursuing and killing of Hares respectively by coursing with Greyhounds, or by

hunting with Beagles or other Hounds.

4. The pursuing and killing of Deer by hunting with Hounds.

5. The taking and killing of Deer in any inclosed Lands by the Owner or Occupier of such Lands, or by his Direction or Permission.

Exemptions

1. Any of the Royal Family.

2. Any Person appointed a Gamekeeper on behalf of Her Majesty by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, under the Authority of any Act of Parliament relating to the Land Revenues of the Crown.

3. Any Person aiding or assisting in the taking or killing of any Game, or any Woodcock,

Snipe, Quail, Landrail, or Coney, or any Deer, in the Company or Presence and for the Use of another Person who shall have duly obtained, according to the Directions of this Act, and in his own Right, a Licence to kill Game, and who shall by virtue of such Licence then and there use his own Dog, Gun, Net, or other Engine for the taking or killing of such Game, Woodcock, Snipe, Quail, Landrail, Coney, or Deer, and who shall not act therein by virtue of any Deputation or Appointment.

4. And, as regards the killing of Hares only, all Persons who, under the Provisions of the Two several Acts, 11th and 12th Victoria, Chapter 29. and Chapter 30. respectively, are authorized to kill Hares in England and Scotland respectively, without obtaining an annual Game Certificate.

.23" & 24* VICTORIA, c. 90. S'#

XXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal, alter, or Nothing herein affect any of the Provisions of the said Two several Acts of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-gine and Chapter Thirty, further than that and ch, except the Term "Game Certificate" in the said Acts respectively used shall be construed to that "Game mean a Licence to kill Game under the Provisions of this Act, and shall be so read C*^cate " accordingly; and that the Term fi Game Certificate " used in the Act of the First and ^lo Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-two, shall be construed and W. 4., c. 32., read in like Manner; and that wherever in the said last-mentioned Act the Duty of Three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Sixpence on a Game Certificate is mentioned the Duty of to kiilGMae." Three Pounds on a Licence to kill Game shall be read in lieu.

VII. Any Person having the Right to kill Game on any Lands in England or Scotland, Licences may and being charged or liable to be charged to the Assessed Tax on Servants in respect of ^half of any Gamekeeper, by whomsoever deputed or appointed, and whether deputed or appointed Assessed Ser-or not, and any Person granting a Deputation or Appointment in Great Britain to the vants acting as Servant of any other Person who shall be duly charged to the Assessed Tax on Servants

in respect of such Servant, whether as Gamekeeper or in any other Capacity, with Power having Right and Authority to take or kill any Game, shall respectively be at liberty to take out a to kill Game, Licence to kill Game on behalf of any such Servant, on Payment of the Duty of Two Pounds for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April, and such Licence shall exempt the Lonis of Servant named therein during his Continuance in the same Capacity and Service, and on Manors, his quitting such Service shall also exempt any Servant who shall succeed him in the same Service and Capacity, or who shall succeed to the Deputation of the same Manor or Royalty or Lanas within the Year for which the Licence is granted, during the Remainder of such Year; and no such Servant on whose Behalf a Licence shall have been duly obtained as aforesaid shall be required to obtain a Licence for himself, or be liable to any Penalty by reason of not obtaining a Licence in his own Name.

VIII. Every such Licence to kill Game taken out on behalf of any such Servant as On Change of aforesaid shall, upon the^ Revocation of any such Deputation or Appointment, or on his Gamekeeper, quitting the Service of the Master by whom such Licence shall have been taken out, be D^p^ation, from thenceforth of no further Effect as to the Person named therein as such Servant, Licence may ' or so deputed or appointed as aforesaid; but if within the Year for which such Licence was be continued granted the said Master, on the quitting of such Servant, shall employ another Servant to uccessor* as Gamekeeper in his Stead, or the Person by whom such Deputation or Appointment

was made shall on the Revocation thereof make a new Deputation or Appointment to any Person in his Service, or in the Service of the same Master by whom such Licence shall have been taken out, and who shall have been charged or be chargeable to the said Assessed Tax on Servants as aforesaid, the Officer by whom such Licence was granted, or the proper Officer appointed by the Commissioners in that Behalf, shall renew such Licence for the Remainder of that Year, on behalf of the fresh Servant or the Person so newly appointed, as the Case may be, without Payment of any further Duty, by indorsing on such Licence the Name and Place of Abode of the said last-mentioned Servant, or the Person to whom such last-mentioned Deputation or Appointment shall have been granted, and declaring the same to be a renewed Licence free of Duty.

IX. Provided always, That no such Licence taken out for or on behalf of any Person SuehjLicences

being such Servant or acting under a Deputation or Appointment as aforesaid, shall be for Acts done available for such Person in any Suit or Prosecution where Proof shall be given of his out of Limits doing or having done any Act for which a Licence is required under this Act on Land on Manor OT

which his Master had not a Right to kill Game. *Stated *

X. If any Person shall be discovered doing any Act whatever in Great Britain in Persons doing respect whereof a Licence to kill Game is required under this Act, by any Officer of Inland aa7.Act r£' Revenue, or by any Lord or Gamekeeper of the Manor, Royalty, or Lands wherein such ccnce to^ill" Person shall then be, or by any Person having duly taken out a proper Licence to kill Game, to pro-Game under this Act, or by the Owner, Landlord, Lessee, or Occupier of the Land on du<?e the same, which such Person shall then be, it shall be lawful for such Officer or other Person aforesaid declareTiK^ir or to demand and require from the Person so acting the Production of a Licence to kill Game Names, Places issued to him; and the Person so acting is hereby required to produce such Licence to of Residence,

Penalty for Refusal.

Licence to be void if Party be convicted under 1 & 2 W. 4. c. 32. or 2 & 3 W. 4. c. 68.

Commissioners to publish Lists of Persons licensed to kill Game.

Provisions of

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 32. and

2 & 3 Vict.

c. 35., relating to Licences to deal in Game to be in force throughout the United Kingdom.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 90.

the Person so demanding the Production thereof, and to permit him to read the same, and (if he shall think fit) to take a Copy thereof or of any Part thereof; or in case no such Licence shall be produced to the Person demanding the same as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Person having made such Demand to require the Person so acting forthwith to declare to him his Christian and Surname and Place of Residence, and the Place at which he shall have taken out such Licence; and if such Person shall, after such Demand made, wilfully refuse to produce and show a Licence to kill Game issued to him, or in default thereof as aforesaid to give to the Person so demanding the same his Christian and Surname and Place of Residence, and the Place at which he shall have taken out such Licence, or if he shall produce any &lse or fictitious Licence, or give any false or fictitious Name or Place, or if he shall refuse to permit any Licence which he may produce to be read, or a Copy thereof or of any Part thereof to be taken, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XI. If any Person, having obtained a Licence to kill Game under this Act, shall be convicted of any Offence under Section Thirty of the said Act of the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-two, or under the Act of the Second and Third Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-eight, the said Licence shall thenceforth be null and void.

XII. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall, when and as they shall see fit, cause Lists of the Names and Residences of the several Persons to or for whom Licences to kill Game have been granted under this Act to be inserted in such Newspapers or published in such other Manner as to them shall seem proper, distinguishing in such Lists the Persons acting under any Deputation, Appointment, or Authority from others, and the Manors, Royalties, or Lands for which Deputations, Appointments, or Authorities have been granted, and also distinguishing the Rate of Duty paid for such Licences.

XIII. All the Clauses and Provisions of the Two several Acts passed respectively in the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-two, and the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, relating to the granting of Licences by Justices of the Peace to deal in Game, and to the holding of Special Sessions by such Justices in their respective Divisions or Districts for the Purpose of granting such Licences, and also all the Clauses, Provisions, and Penalties contained in the said Acts or either of them relating to Dealers in Game, and to the selling of Game, either by or to such Dealers or others, shall, so far as the same are consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, and as the same are altered or amended by this Act, extend to and be of full Force and Effect in and throughout the whole of the United Kingdom, and shall be observed, applied, and enforced as if the same, so altered or amended and made consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, had been herein repeated and specially enacted: Provided always, that no Person shall be authorized to sell Game to any licensed Dealer unless he shall have taken out a Three Pound Licence under this Act.

Persons li- XIV. Every Person who shall have obtained any Licence to deal in Game from the

censed by the^ Jlistices of the Peace, under the Provisions of the said Two several Acts in the preceding in^ame^to Clause mentioned, shall annually, and during the Continuance of such Licence, and before pay for and ob- he shall be empowered to deal in Game under such Licence, obtain a further Licence to tain a Licence <]eai in Qame under this Act, on Payment of the Duty hereby charged thereon, and if any Person obtaining a Licence from the said Justices as aforesaid shall purchase or sell or otherwise deal in Game before he shall obtain a Licence to deal in Game under the Provisions of this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

under this Act.

Licences to

XV. Provided always, That no Licence to deal in Game shall be granted under the ?<TbV%anted Provisions of this Act to any Person, except upon the Production of a Licence for the only to those like Purpose duly granted to him by the Justices of the Peace, as aforesaid, and then in who have ob- force; and every Officer appointed or authorized to grant Licences to deal in Game under from^ustfees68 ^is Act shall in each Year make out a List, to be kept in his Possession, containing the List of Persons ^ame ^ace of Abode of every Person to whom he shall have granted or issued a licenced to^be8 Licence to deal in Game under this Act, and such Officer shall at all seasonable Hours

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 90, 91. 309

produce such List to any Person making Application to inspect the same, and shall be kept for In-entitled to demand and receive for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling. spection.

XVI. All Licences and Certificates to kill Game and to deal in Game respectively, By whom under the Provisions of this Act, shall be in such Form as the Commissioners of Inland

Revenue shall from Time to Time provide in that Behalf, and shall denote the Amount of andftom' Duty charged thereon respectively, and shall be granted, signed, and issued at the Chief thereof.

Office of Inland Revenue in London, Edinburgh, and Dublin respectively, and by the several Supervisors of Excise in their respective Districts, or by such other Officers of Inland Revenue and at such Places as the said Commissioners shall think fit to employ and appoint respectively in that Behalf; and every such Licence shall contain the proper Christian and Surname and Place of Residence of the Person to whom the same shall be granted, with any other Particulars which the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may direct to be inserted therein, and shall be dated on the Day when the same was actually issued, and Duration and shall have Effect and be in force upon the Day of the issuing thereof, and shall expire on Expiration of the Day therein mentioned for the Termination thereof. Licences.

XVII. All the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, Pains and Penalties, 5 & 6 Vict. contained in or imposed by the Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty's Gamifcer^ Reign, Chapter Eighty-one, relating to Certificates to kill Game in Ireland, shall be of full tificateTin Ire-Force and Effect, and shall be applied in Ireland to the Certificates to be granted under land, to con-this Act and the Duties hereby imposed thereon, as fully and effectually as if the same " force* were herein repeated and specially enacted in reference to such lastmentioned Certificates

and Duties.

XVIII. Every Licence and Certificate to kill Game taken out respectively in Great Licences and

Britain and Ireland under this Act, by or on behalf of any Person in his own Right, and not ^available10

as a Gamekeeper or Servant, shall be available for the killing of Game in any Part of the throughout

United Kingdom. the United

° Kingdom.

XIX. The Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King George the Fourth, 7 & 8 G. 4. Chapter Forty-nine, intituled An Act to exempt Persons who have procured Game Certificates c* 49* repealed* in Great Britain from the Duty on Game Certificates in Ireland, and to authorize the

Persons who have paid Duty on Game Certificates in Ireland to kill Game in Great Britain, upon paying the additional Duty only9 shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for removing Doubts respecting the Craven Scholarships in the University of Oxford, and for enabling the University to retain the Custody of certain Testamentary Documents.

[13th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove certain Doubts respecting the Craven Scholarships in the University of Oxford, and to enable the University to retain the

Custody of certain Testamentary Documents: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Scholarships founded by the Will of John Removing ' Lord Craven, and commonly called the Craven Scholarships, are included within the Doubts as to ' Words " University or College Emoluments" in the Act of the Seventeenth and Eigh-c teenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty:' Be it enacted, That the said Craven Will of Lord Scholarships shall be deemed to be University Emoluments within the Meaning of the Craven, said Act, and that all Statutes or Regulations which heretofore and since the passing of the said Act have been made by the University and approved by Her Majesty in Council,

conformably

3T0

20 & 21 Vict c. 77.

University to retain the Custody of certain Testamentary Documents and transmit an Index thereof to Court of Probate.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 91, 92.

conformably to the Conditions and Provisions of the said Act, in relation to the said Craven Scholarships, shall have the same Force and Effect as if the said Scholarships had been expressly named and included in the said Act as University Emoluments, and in Elections to the said Scholarships no Person shall be entitled to Preference by reason of his being of the Name or Kindred of the Founder: Provided that nothing herein or in the said Act or in such Statutes or Regulations contained shall preclude the High Court of Chancery from augmenting from Time to Time the Number of Scholars, whenever the increased Income of the Foundation shall permit.

II. And whereas by an Act Twenty and Twenty-first Victoria, Chapter Seventy-seven, ' it was enacted that "the acting Judge and Registrar of every Court, and other Person ' now having Jurisdiction to grant Probate or Administration, and every Person having the

Custody of the Documents and Papers of or belonging to such Court or Person, shall, 6 upon receiving a Requisition for that Purpose, under the Seal of the Court of Probate from

a Registrar, and at the Time and in the Manner mentioned in such Requisition, transmit (to the Court of Probate, or to such other Place as in such Requisition shall be specified, all Records, Wills, Grants, Probates, Letters of Administration, Administration Bonds,

1 Notes of Administration, Court Books, Calendars, Deeds, Processes, Acts, Proceedings,

Writs, Documents, and every other Instrument relating exclusively or principally to Matters or Causes Testamentary, to be deposited and arranged in the Registry of each District, or in the principal Registry, as the Case may require, so as to be easy of Reference, under the Control and Direction of the Court:" And whereas in the Case of the Court of the Chancellor of the University of Oxford it has been found inconvenient to separate the Testamentary Records, Instruments, and Papers of or belonging to the said

Court from the other Records, Instruments, and Papers thereof Be it further enacted, That the Vice Chancellor of the said University shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause to be made an Index to such of the Records and other Instruments and Papers whatsoever of or belonging to the said Court as relate exclusively or principally to Matters or Causes Testamentary, which shall be as accurate as the Nature of the said Records and other Instruments and Papers will permit, and shall transmit a Copy of such Index to the Principal Registrar of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, and such Transmission thereof shall be a sufficient Compliance with the above-recited Enactment of the said Act, so far as regards the Court of the Chancellor of the said University, and it shall thereafter be lawful for the said University, notwithstanding the said Act, to retain the Custody of all the Records, Documents, and Papers to which such Index shall relate: Provided that all the said Records, Instruments, and Papers shall at all convenient Times be liable to be inspected and to have Extracts or Copies taken therefrom by the Authority of the Principal Registrar of Her Majesty's Court of Probate, or of the District Registrar of the same Court at Oxford, on Payment of the same Fees as would have been payable if such Records, Instruments, and Papers had been deposited in the principal Registry, or in the Registry of the Oxford District, as the Case might have required; such Fees to be paid to the same Person or Persons as would in that Event have been entitled to receive the same; and that

no

Officer of the said University, or of the said Court of the Chancellor thereof, shall be entitled to receive any Fee from any Person inspecting the said Records, or taking Extracts or Copies therefrom by the Authority aforesaid,

CAP. XCII.

An Act to amend the Law relative to the Scottish Herring Fisheries.

[13th August 1860.]

WHEREAS the following Acts were passed for the Encouragement and Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery; that is to say, the Acts Forty-eighth c George the Third, Chapter One hundred and ten; Fifty-first George the Third, Chapter

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 92 .:

One hundred and one; Fifty-second George the Third, Chapter One hundred and fifty three; Fifty-fourth George the Third, Chapter One hundred and two; Fifty-fifth George ' the Third, Chapter Ninety-four; First George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and three; First and Second George the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-nine; Fifth George the (Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four; Seventh George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-four; First c William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-four; Sixth and Seventh Victoria^ Chapter Seventy- nine; Tenth and Eleventh Victoria, Chapter Ninety-one; and Fourteenth and Fifteenth c Victoria, t Chapter Twenty-six: And whereas it is expedient that the recited Acts should be amended, and that further Provision should be made for carrying into effect the ' Purposes thereof*/ Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as 1860."

: The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act,

ran

48 G. 3.C. 110.

51 G.3. c. 101.

52 G. 3. c. 153.

54 G. 3. c. 102.

55 G. 3. c. 94.

1 G. 4. c. 103.

1 & 2 G. 4. c. 79.

5 G. 4.C. 64. 7G.4.C. 34. 1W. 4. C. 54.

6 & 7 Vict.

10?& 11 Vict. c. 91.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 26.

[Short Title.]

II. The following Words in this Act shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to Interpretation them: of Terms.

The Words " the Commissioners" shall mean the Commissioners of the British White Herring Fishery:

The Word " Superintendent" shall mean and include the Naval Superintendent appointed under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them, and the Superintendent or Superintendents appointed under the Authority of this Act:

The Words " Officer of the Fishery" shall mean an Officer of the British White Herring Fishery appointed under the Authority of the recited Acts or any of them, or this Act:

The Words " the Coasts of Scotland" shall mean and include all Bays, Estuaries, Arms of the Sea, and all tidal Waters within the Distance of Three Miles from the Mainland or adjacent Islands.

III. The Commissioners may from Time to Time, subject to the Approval of the Com- OommissioneiB missioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, appoint any Person or Persons to be Superintendent may appoint or Superintendents of the Fishery; and every Superintendent so appointed shall have and aenuofSe be entitled to exercise all the Powers, Functions, and Privileges which can be exercised or Fishery, are enjoyed under and in virtue of the recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, by the Naval Superintendent, or by the Officers of the Fishery appointed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, under the Authority of the Act Forty-eighth George the Third, Chapter

One hundred and ten, except the superintending of the curing of Herrings, and the branding of Barrels containing the same; and every Person who resists or obstructs any Superintendent in the Execution of the Duties of his Office shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds, or, failing Payment thereof, to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days.

IV. It shall not be lawful to take or fish for Herrings or Herring Fry on the West Commissioners Coasts of Scotland, between the Points of Ardnamurchan on the North and the Mull of mayrenods Galloway on the South, at any Time between the First Day of January and the Thirty- the Herring first Day of May inclusive in any Year, nor between Cape Wrath on the North and the Fishing may said Point of Ardnamurchan on the South at any Time between the First Day of January not carried and the Twentieth Day of May inclusive in any Year, and the Commissioners may, on on' Application made to them, and after such Inquiry as they shall think necessary, by Regulations to be made by them from Time to Time, fix the Periods, if any, during which it shall not be lawful to take or fish for Herrings within any other Limits or Locality on the Coasts of Scotland; and every Person who takes or fishes for Herrings or Herring Fry in breach or contravention of the above Enactment or of any such Regulations shall be liable to a Penalty of not less than Five and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and all Nets used for taking or fishing for Herrings in breach or contravention of the above Enactment or of any such Regulations may be seized by the Superintendent, or any Person acting under his Orders, or by any Officer of the Fishery, or by Order of any 23 & 24 Vict. R r Sheriff,

Commissioners may make Regulations for the Management and Protection of the Herring Fisheries, and Preservation of Order.

Commissioners may prohibit the Use of Trawl, Beam, and Drag Nets.

Commissioners may rescind Regulations, &c.

Regulations to be approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and to be published.

Penalty under Sect. 6. of 14 & 15 Vict. c. 26. declared.

Nets and Fishing Implements when found to be delivered to the Commissioners or their Secretary, and, unless liable to Forfeiture, to be restored to the Owners, or if not claimed to be sold.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 92.

Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate haying Jurisdiction under this Act, and shall be forfeited.

Y. The Commissioners may from Time to Time make such Regulations as they think fit for the more effectual Government," Management, and Protection of the Herring Fisheries on the Coasts of Scotland, and for the Preservation of Order among the Persons engaged therein; and every Person who commits any Breach or Contravention of any such Regulations shall be liable to have his Boat detained by the Superintendent, or any Person acting under his Orders, or by any Officer of the Fishery, or by Order of any Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate having Jurisdiction under this Act, and shall be liable to a Penalty of not less than Five and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

VI. The Commissioners may, on Application made to them, and after such Inquiry as they shall think necessary, by Regulations to be made by them from Time to Time, prohibit on the Coasts of Scotland, and within such Limits and for such Periods as they may think fit, the Use of any Trawl, Drag, or Beam Net which, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, is injurious to the Spawn of Herring, or otherwise to the Herring Fishery; and every Person who commits any Breach or Contravention of any such Regulations shall be liable to a Penalty of not less than Five and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Offence: Provided, that this Provision shall not in any way affect any of the Prohibitions or Requirements of any of the recited Acts in so far as relates to fishing for Herrings.

VII. The Commissioners may from Time to Time rescind, alter, or amend any Regulation or Regulations made by them under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. All Regulations made by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall, before taking effect, be submitted to and approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and shall thereafter be published by printed Copies thereof being posted up in conspicuous Positions near the Harbours or other Places frequented by Fishermen in the Districts or Places to which the Regulations shall apply, and by printed Copies thereof being deposited with every Officer of the Fishery in such Districts or Places, and in the Office of the Sheriff Clerk of the County, and also by Advertisement inserted in some Newspaper published or circulated in such Districts or Places, either setting forth such Regulations in full, or intimating that such Regulations have been made and that Copies thereof are lodged with the Officers of the Fishery as aforesaid, all in such Manner as the Commissioners shall direct; and on such Regulations being so published it shall not be any Defence against Proceedings for the Enforcement of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by any Breach or Contravention thereof, that the Person charged with such Breach or Contravention was ignorant of such Regulations: Provided that such Regulations shall be so published at least Two Weeks before taking effect; and a printed Copy of any Regulation signed by the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Time being shall be Evidence of the Terms of such Regulation, and that the same has been duly published, reserving to any Person having Interest the Right to prove that the same was not so published.

IX. Every Person committing any Breach or Contravention of the Provisions of the Sixth Section of the Act Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-six, shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty of not less than Five and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, and every Net used in contravention of the said Act shall be forfeited.

X. All Nets, Buoys, Floats, or other Fishing Implements or Apparatus whatsoever, abandoned and found by or delivered to the Superintendent or any Officer of the Fishery, shall be held subject to the Orders and at the Disposal of the Commissioners or their Secretary, and shall, unless the same are liable to Forfeiture under the Provisions of the recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, be restored to the Owner thereof or his Representatives, on Evidence being produced of his or their Right thereto: Provided that if the same shall not be claimed and Evidence of the Right thereto produced by the Person claiming the same within the Space of One Year, such Nets or other Implements shall, if not liable to Forfeiture as aforesaid, be sold by Public Auction by the Commissioners, and the

Price

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 92.

Price thereof, after deducting Expenses, shall be accounted for to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

XI. All Fishing Boats used for the Purpose of fishing for Herrings on the Coasts of Scotland, and the Sails and Buoys and principal Floats of each Net, and all other Implements of Fishery belonging to such Boats, shall be marked in such Manner as the Commissioners may direct by Regulations made and published as herein mentioned; and every such Boat, Sail, Buoy, Net, or other Implement of Fishery which shall not be so marked and numbered as aforesaid may be seized by the Superintendent or any Person acting under his Orders, or by any Officer of the Fishery, or by Order of any Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate having Jurisdiction under this Act, and shall be detained for such Period not exceeding One Month as the Superintendent shall determine.

XII. The Forty-sixth Section of the Act Forty-eighth George the Third, Chapter One hundred and ten, is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act the Owner of every Boat which shall be employed in the Herring Fishery shall paint, or cause to be painted in a distinct and legible Manner upon the Stern of such Boat, in White or Yellow Roman Letters of Two Inches in Length, on a Black Ground, the Name of the Owner of the Boat, and the Port or Place to which she belongs; and every Boat employed in the Herring Fishery on which such Names as aforesaid shall not be painted in manner before directed shall be detained for a Period not exceeding One Month, and may be seized by the Superintendent or any Person acting under his Orders, or by any Officer of the Fishery, or by Order of any Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate having Jurisdiction under this Act.

XIII. For the Purposes of the Provisions of the Sixth Section of the Act Fourteenth and Fifteenth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-six, the Herring Fishery shall be held to be carried on whenever Herrings are being caught, and every Net, other than Drift Nets, which, in the Opinion of such Commissioners, may be used for the Purpose of taking Herrings in contravention of the said Act, shall during the whole Time of such Herring Fishery be removed and laid aside, or shall be liable to be seized and forfeited, and the Owner thereof to be proceeded against accordingly; and the finding of any such other Net in any open Place, and not removed and laid aside as aforesaid, shall be held prima facie Evidence of the Purpose of the Possessor of such Net to use the same in contravention of the Provisions of the recited Acts or of this Act; andhnless such Possessor shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Sheriff, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate, before whom he may be prosecuted, that such Net was not intended to be used for any such unlawful Purpose, such Net shall be forfeited and destroyed, and the Possessor thereof shall be liable in the Penalty imposed by the Sixth Section of the said Act; and, in addition to any Superintendent or Person acting under his Orders, or any Officer of the Fishery, every Constable or Officer of the Police of any County or Burgh acting under the Authority and Orders of the Sheriff or any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of such County or Burgh shall, for the Purpose of enforcing the Provisions of the Sixth Section of the said Act, have within such County or Burgh the Power to seize any such Net in order to thg Condemnation and Forfeiture thereof; and on the Requisition of any Superintendent or other Officer of the Fishery, any Constable or Officer of Police shall be entitled to assist and co-operate with him or them in the Execution of this Act.

XIV. It shall be lawful for the Superintendent or any Officer of the Fishery, or for the Procurator Fiscal of anjT County or Burgh, to apply by Petition in the Form of Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, or as nearly so as may be, to any Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate having Jurisdiction in such County or Burgh, to grant Warrant to search for and seize any Net or other Fishing Apparatus prohibited by or used or intended to be used in contravention of any of the recitecfci Acts or this Act; and any Forfeiture or Penalty imposed by or incurred under the Provisions of the recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, may be sued for, enforced, and recovered, with Expenses, in the Form and Manner directed or provided by the recited Acts or any of them, or by Petition or Complaint presented by or in the Name of the Secretary of the Commissioners for the Time being, or the Superintendent or any Officer of the Fishery, or any Procurator Fiscal within the County

R r 2 or

313

Fishing Boats and Implements of Fishing to be marked and numbered, and if not marked and numbered, may be seized and detained.

Sect. 46. of 48 G. 3. c. 110. repealed, and Names of Owners to be painted on Boats.

If Names not painted on Boats they shall be detained.

Nets other than Drift Nets to be laid aside during Fishery, and if not laid aside may be seized and forfeited.

Mode of enforcing Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties.

314

Judges who may try Offences, and Mode of Enforcement of Orders and Sentences.

Jurisdiction where Offence committed on the Coasts.

Petitions, Orders, and Sentences may be in a Summary Form as in Schedule (B.)

No Record of Evidence necessary, and

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 92.

or Burgh where the Offence has been committed or is to be tried, or at the Instance of any Person or Persons who may prosecute the same, to the Sheriff or any Two or more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates having Jurisdiction as herein-after provided; and where Proceedings are so taken by Petition or Complaint the same may be served by any Officer of the Law or any Officer of the Fishery; and it shall be lawful for the Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate to summon the Person complained of to appear personally at any Time or Place to be named in the Summons; and if such Person shall not appear accordingly then (upon Proof of the due Service of the Summons by delivering a Copy thereof to such Person, or at his usual Place of Abode to some Inmate thereat, and explaining the Purport thereof to such Inmate,) either to proceed to hear and determine the Case in the Absence of such Person or to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending and bringing such Person before him or them, as the Case may be, or (if satisfied from Information on Oath that such Person is likely to abscond) to issue such Warrant in the first instance without any previous Summons, and the Person in whose Name such Petition or Complaint shall be presented shall be entitled to and have the Benefit of all the Privileges, Protections, and Provisions given and conferred by any Act or Acts to or for Officers of the Customs and Excise on the Occasion of their acting in the Execution of their respective Offices, as to any Action or Suit or any Matter relating thereto; and all Penalties imposed and recovered under the Provisions of the recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, shall be appropriated and disposed of in Terms of the Act Forty-eighth George the Third, Chapter One hundred and tern

XV. It shall be competent to try all Offences under the recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, before any Sheriff or any Two or more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates having Jurisdiction in the Place where the Offence was committed, or where the Offender resides or is found, or if Offenders charged with the same Offence reside within different Jurisdictions, then before any Sheriff or any Two or more Justices of the Peace or Magistrates having Jurisdiction in the Place, or within the County or Burgh, where any One of such Offenders resides or is found; and all Orders or Warrants of Service or Citation, Judgments, Sentences, Convictions, or other Warrants of Execution, may be served or enforced upon or against any Offender, or his Goods or Effects, or any Witness, in any other County, Burgh, or Place where such Offender or Witness resides or is found, or where the Goods and Effects of any Offender are found, as well as in the County, Burgh, or Place where the same are issued, provided the same be endorsed by the Sheriff or a Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of such other County, Burgh, or Place; and such Endorsation shall be sufficient Authority to the Sheriff Officers or Constables of both Jurisdictions respectively to put such Orders, Warrants, Judgments, Sentences, Convictions, or other Warrants into execution within such other County, Burgh, or Place.

XVI. Where any Offence under the recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, shall be committed on the Coasts of Scotland, such Offence shall be held to have been committed within the County or either of the Counties next adjacent to the Place where such Offence was committed.

XVII. Any Petition or Complaint, and Proceedings following thereon, before the Sheriff or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates before whom any Person or Persons shall be complained of or proceeded against for any Offence under the Provisions of the recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, and the Orders, Warrants, Judgments, Sentences, and Convictions therein, may be in a Summary Form, and may be printed or written, or partly printed and partly written, and may be in the Form of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or as nearly so as may be; and the same, or Extracts thereof, signed by the Clerk of Court, shall be sufficient Authority to any Officer of the Law or Officer of the Fishery to serve such Petition or Complaint, and to any Officer of the Law to enforce such Orders, Warrants, Judgments, Sentences, and Convictions; and the same or Extracts thereof shall be endorsed as hereinbefore provided, if they are to be enforced in any other Jurisdiction than that in which they were issued: Provided that all Citations to Offenders shall be served at least Six Days previous to the Day of Trial therein specified.

XVIII. It shall not be necessary to have any written Record of Evidence in any Petition or Complaint or Proceedings under the Provisions of the recited Acts or any of them, or of

this

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 92.

this Act; and such Petitions or Complaints, and the Orders, Warrants, Judgments. Sentences, Convictions, and Proceedings therein, shall not be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, and shall not be subject to Appeal or Review in any Court, or by any Process whatsoever except as herein-after provided.

XIX. It shall be lawful for any Person who shall have been found liable to any Penalty under the Provisions of any of the recited Acts or of this Act, in case such Penalty shall not be of less Amount than Ten Pounds, within Two Days of such Conviction, to require the Judge before whom he shall have been tried, or the presiding Judge if more than One, to state in Writing the material Facts of the Case, proved in Evidence at the Trial, and any Circumstances which such Judge may deem to be important with reference to the Sentence pronounced; and the Judge shall thereafter authenticate such Statement with his Signature, and deliver the same to the Defender or his Agent, and the Defender may thereupon appeal to the next Circuit Court of Justiciary, or, where there are no Circuit Courts, to the High Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, in the Manner and by and under the Rules, Limitations, Conditions, and Restrictions contained in an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for taking away and abolishing heritable Jurisdiction in Scotland, with this Variation, that such Person shall, in place of finding Caution in the Terms prescribed by this Act, be bound to find Caution to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture and Expenses awarded against him by the Sentence appealed from in the event of the Appeal being dismissed or not insisted in, together with any additional Expenses that may be awarded by the Court on deciding or dismissing the Appeal.

XX. All Boats, Nets, Buoys, Floats, or other Fishing Implements or Apparatus which shall be forfeited under the Provisions of the recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, or of any Regulation to be made by the Commissioners as herein provided, may be either sold by Public Auction, or destroyed by the Commissioners, as they shall think fit; and in Cases of Sale the Proceeds, after deducting Expenses, shall be accounted for to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or, if the Magistrate declaring the Forfeiture shall so direct, One Half thereof shall be paid to the Captor or Informer.

XXI. It shall be lawful for any Sheriff or Justices of the Peace or Magistrates who shall try any Petition or Complaint under the Provisions of the recited Acts, or any of them, or of this Act, and who in pronouncing Sentence shall decern against any Offender for Payment of any Penalty or Expenses, to grant Warrant (failing Payment of the Penalty or Expenses so decerned for, or Security therefor being found to the Satisfaction of the Clerk of Court) for the Recovery of such Penalty and Expenses by Poinding and Imprisonment, and for imprisoning such Offender for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, unless such Penalty and Expenses be sooner paid; and such Warrant maybe carried into execution by the Imprisonment of the Offender in any Prison within the Jurisdiction where the same was issued, or, after such Warrant is endorsed as herein provided, in any Prison within any other Jurisdiction where he may be found.

XXII. Any Person found in the Act of committing any Offence in contravention of the Provisions of the recited Acts or any of them, or of this Act, and refusing, when required by any Officer of the Fishery or any Officer of Police, to state his Name and Place of Residence, may be apprehended and brought before any Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate having Jurisdiction, who shall forthwith examine and discharge or commit such Person until Caution De judicio sisti be found, as the Case may require: Provided that such Person shall not be detained more that Twenty-four Hours without the Warrant of a Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate for such Detention.

XXIII. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Seal appointed to be kept and used in Scotland instead of the Great Seal thereof, to nominate and appoint any Number of Persons, not exceeding Five, to be Commissioners of the British White Herring Fishery, in addition to the Commissioners appointed under the recited Acts of the Forty-eighth and Fifty-fifth George the Third and Tenth and Eleventh Victoria, and the other Acts before recited.

XXIV. No

m

Proceedings not to be quashed or reviewed.

Appeal.

Boats, Nets, &c. forfeited may be sold or destroyed. As to Proceeds in case of Sale.

Judge may grant Warrant of Imprisonment, failing Payment of or Security for Penalty and Expenses.

Persons found committing Offences may be apprehended.

Her Majesty may appoint Five additional Commissioners.

Limitation of Actions.

Regulations to be laid before Parliament

Act not to apply to Ireland or the Isle of Man.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE. c. 9.

XXIV. No Prosecutionor other Proceeding whatever shall be brought Or commenced against any Person for any Offence against this Act or the recited Acts, unless the same shall be commenced within Six Months after such Offence shall have been committed.

XXV. All Regulations made by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Acf shall, so soon as the same have been approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith, if Parliament be then sitting, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, immediately on the assembling of the then next Session of Parliament.

XXVI. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held or construed to apply to Fishing on the Coasts of Ireland or the Isle of Man.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Unto the Honourable the Sheriff or Her Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate of the County or Burgh of

The Complaint of A.B.

Humbly showeth.

That the Complainer has good Reason to believe that a Net [or Nets or other fishing Apparatus] prohibited by or used or intended to be used in contravention of "The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1860," or the Acts therein recited, or one or other of the said Acts, is situate and to be found [describe the Place].

May it therefore please your to grant Warrant to search for

and seize the said Net [or, other fishing Apparatus], to be dealt with in Terms of the said Acts or any of them.

Warrant [to be endorsed on Complaint].

[Place and Date].

Grants Warrant as craved.

(Signed) A.B., Sheriff.

Xn, _______Justice of the Peace.

________Magistrate.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Forms of Proceedings, complaint.

Unto the Honourable the Sheriff or Her Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace or Magistrate of the County or Burgh of

The Complaint of A.B.

Humbly showeth.

That C.D. has been guilty of a Contravention of "The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1860," or of the Act [specify the Act or Acts] therein recited, or of one or other of the said Acts, in so far as [here describe the Offence generally, and state the Time and Place when and where the same was committed], whereby the said CD, has incurred the Forfeiture [or Penalty] of, provided by the Section [or Sections] of the said Act [or Acts].

May it therefore please your to grant Warrant to summon the said C.D. to appear before to answer to this Complaint,

and to be dealt with in Terms of the said Acts or one or other of them.

According to Justice, &c.

[Signed by Complainer or Informer.]

WARRANT.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 92.

317

WARRANT.

[P/arc and Date.]

Having considered the foregoing Complaint, grants Warrant to summon the said C.D. complained of to compear before [Sheriff\ Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate and Place and Time,] and that by serving the said C.D. with a Copy of the foregoing Complaint and of this Deliverance; and also grants Warrant for citing Witnesses at the Instance of both Parties, to attend at the same Place and Time.

[Sheriff, Justice of Peace, or Magistrate.]

SENTENCE.

[Place and Date.]

The [Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate], in respect of the Evidence adduced [or of the judicial Confession of the said C.D., as the Case may he], convicts the said C.D. of the Offence charged, and decerns and adjudges him to forfeit and pay to the Complainer the Sum of of Penalty, with the Sum of

of Expenses, One Half of the said Penalty to be retained by the Complainer, and the other Half thereof [or as the Case may he] to be paid and accounted for by him to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and failing Payment by the said C.D. forthwith* grants Warrant for Recovery of the said Penalty and Expenses by Poinding of his Goods and Effects, and summary Sale thereof on the Expiration of not less than Forty-eight Hours after such Poinding; appoints a Return or Execution of such Poinding and Sale to be reported within Eight Days from this Date, and in the meantime grants Warrant for detaining the said C.D. in the Prison of until such Return be reported.

[If it shall appear at the Trial that no sufficient Poinding can he made within the Jurisdiction of the Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate, say here," and in respect it appears that no sufficient Poinding and Sale can be had whereon to levy the said Penalty and Expenses, grants Warrants to imprison the said C.D. in the Prison of for the Space of from this Date, unless the said Penalty and Expenses be sooner paid, and decerns."]

SENTENCE OF FORFEITURE.

The [Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate] in respect of the Evidence adduced [or of the judicial Confession of the said C.D, as the Case may he], finds that a Net [or Nets or other fishing Apparatus] prohibited by or used or intended to be used in contravention of "The Herring Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1860," or of the Act [specify the Act] therein recited, has been forfeited in Terms of the said Act or Acts, and declares the same to be forfeited accordingly [and further, if the Magistrate see Cause, appoints One Half of the Proceeds thereof, when sold, to be paid to E.F., the Captor or Informer.]

WARRANT OF IMPRISONMENT.

To be granted in case of a Return being made that no sufficient Goods and Effects could be found.

[Place and Date.]

The [Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate], in respect of the Return made that no sufficient Effects can be found whereon to levy the said Penalty and Expenses, grants Warrant to imprison the said C.D. in the Prison of for the Space of

from this Date, unless the said Penalty and Expenses be sooner paid

and decerns.

WARRANT

318 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 92, 93.

Mil , .r , r; , :; i .f VARBAyr(SB}UBM&A7tfON

[Place and Date.]

The [Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate1, in respect of the Return of a sufficient i, Poinding aha Sale Of the Rffects of the said C.D% [otr in respect of Payment having been made or the said Penalty and Expenses, as the Case may be], grants Warrant to the Keeper of the Pri$on 6f ' for the immediate Liberation of the said C.D.,

and decerns ,; 1 J \ ,

>, -

..... ' CAP. XCIII.

An Act to amend and further extend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

[13th August 1860.]

647W.4. c. 71.

C ora Renta under Local Acts may be converted into Tithe Rent-charge.

County or Towns from -whose Returns Average to be calculated.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and

* Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled

An Act for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales/and the said Act has been

amended, and the Provisions thereof have been extended, by Acts passed in the Sessions

of Parliament held in the First Year, the First and Second Years, the Second and Third

Years, the Third Year, the Fifth and Sixth Years, the Ninth and Tenth Years, and the

Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty: And whereas it is ' expedient that the said Acts should be amended, and that the Provisions thereof should be further extended in manner herein-after mentioned:' Be it enacted by the Queen's

most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of toe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: - 1 *; ': ' -

I. Where Corn Renta are payable by yfrtue of Any Local Act of Parliament, in commutation of the whole or Part of the Tithes of any Parish, and such Corn Rents shall be subject to Variation at certain Periods under the Provisions of the same Act, the Commissioners, upon the Application in Writing of the Owners of Lands liable to the Payment of the major Part in Value of such Corn Rents, otf of the Persons to whom a major Part in Value of such Rents are payable, at any* Time at which the said Com Rents might be subjected to Variation Under such Local Act, or at any other Time, upon the joint Application in Writing of the Owners of Lands liable to the Payment of the major Part in Value of such Com Kents, and of the Persons to whom a major Part in Value of such Rents are payable, may by an Award under their Hands and Seal convert the same into a Rentcharge, to be' thenceforth and for ever thereafter payable, in like Manner and subject to the like Incidents as Rentcharges awarded under the said recited Acts are payable and subject to: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render any such Rentcharge liable to Parochial or other Rates or Taxes from which the Com Rents in respect of which such Rentcharge shall have been awarded were free and exempt, , .

II. Wherever the Local Act provides that ^he average Prices upon w; hich any Corn Rents shall be varied shall be taken from any County or from Towns from w; hich Cora Returns ate made, the Commissionerssh&U calculate the Rentofaargo to be awarded by them in lieu of such Com Rents Upcm the ROthrns for such County or such Towns; and where no Com Returns are made' from the T<Wns so named^ the Commissioners shall select Two Towns in the same or any adjoining County from which mere are Returns* and give Notice thereof in' such Manner as to them shall seem fit, and shall appoint a Time (being not less than Twenty-one Days from, the Hate of the Notice) within which Objections to such Selection may be signified in Writing to the Commissioners by any Person interested, and if there be any such Objections the Commissioners shall consider

11.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 93.

the same! and shall either confirm the Selection, or select some other Towns, as they may think fit.

III. The Commissioners shall calculate the Rentcharge to be awarded in lieu of any such Corn Rents upon the average Prices for the Number of Years next preceding the Date of the Application to them, which shall be provided by such Local Act as the Basis of Variation, having due Regard to the average Prices upon which such Com Rents were ascertained, and such Calculation, where practicable, shall be made with reference to the particular Grain mentioned in the Local Act under which such Com Rents are payable, or if there shall be no Returns of such Grain, upon the average Prices of Wheat, Barley, and Oats.

IV. The Commissioners shall apportion the Rentcharge to be awarded by them in lieu of Com Rents upon and among the Lands heretofore subject to such Cora Rents, either by a

feneral Schedule or a Schedule in Detail of the same Lands, to be annexed to and form 'art of their Award, and with or without a Map of the same Laiic^ or any Part thereof, but the Commissioners shall not require is Map unless the same shall in their Opinion be rendered necessary for the Identification of any such Land; and the Commissioners shall deposit a Draft of such Award for Inspection in the same Manner as by the said recited Acts is required in reference to an Instrument of Apportionment, and shall cause Notice of such Deposit to be given in such Manner as to them shall seem fit, and shall by such Notice specify the Time (being not less than Twenty-one Days) within which Objections in Writing to such proposed Award maybe signified to the Commissioners; and in case any Notice of Objection shall be given within the Time limited as aforesaid, the Commissioners shall appoint a Time and Place for hearing such Objections, and shall by themselves or by an Assistant Commissioner take such Objections into their Consideration; and if there be no Notice of Objections, or when the said Commissioners or Assistant Commissioner shall have heard and determined all such Objections, the Commissioners shall confirm such Award, with or without Amendments, as they shall see fit, and such Award shall thenceforth be binding and conclusive on all Persons whomsoever, subject to the Provision herein-after -contained, and shall be conclusive Evidence on every Matter in the said Award set forth and contained.

V. Any Person dis-satisfied with the said Award, and who shall be desirous of appealing against the same, shall have the same Power of Appeal as is given by the said first-recited Act in the Case of a Decision given under the Forty-fifth Section of such Act, notwithstanding that the yearly Payment in dispute shall be less than Twenty Pounds; and the Court is hereby empowered to amend such Award, or to remit the same to the Commissioners to be amended by them in such Manner as the said Court shall direct, and the Commissioners shall thereupon amend the same, in conformity to such Direction, and the Award so amended shall be binding and conclusive on all Persons whomsoever.

VI. The Commissioners shall have Access to the Books of the Comptroller of Corn Returns for the Time being, and shall be furnished by him with such Information as they > ^j^equire for the Purposes of any Award of Rentcharge in lieu of Corp Rents

VII. In making any such Award, and any Inquiries incident thereto, the Commissioners shall have the same Powers as to the Attendance and Examination of Witnesses, the Production of Documents, and all other Matters, as are given by the said recited Acts in Matters relating to the Commutation of Tithes; and all Expenses of or incident to any such Award or any Part thereof shall be borne and paid by and amongst the Owners of Lands heretofore liable to such Com Rents, and the Persons to whom the same were payable respectively, in such Proportion and Manner as the Commissioners shall direct, and be recoverable in like Manner as Expenses under the said recited Acts are recoverable.

VIII. The Commissioners shall cause to be made Two Copies of every such Award of Rentcharge in lieu of Corn Rents, which Copies shall be sealed by them and be deposited in like Manner and subject to all the like Incidents as provided by the said recited Acts in reference to the sealed Copies of an Instrument of Apportionment

23 & 24 Vict. S s IX. The

319

How Average to be calculated.

Commissioner to apportion Rentcharge.

Power of Appeal to a Court of Law.

Comptroller of Corn Returns to fhrnish Information.

Commissioners to have same Powers as in Tithe Commutations.

As to Expenses of Awards,

&c.

Copies of Award to be ^deposited, &c.

A*iUkjBec<jx«ryj, l), S^. iTfte Ppy.m^ntf pfiavratoedinili^ofi Corfl, Rente-w; bich> shall be in awardedInleu1 'WWbP epfprpefibyifchf) fwic- Wpy« pqd Mean?, af Payment of Jfentpharge in arreor oftomRent*. , wiay, be enforced upfler tho PwvkipnB c^.tixc) said recited Acts, or may J»; <?nfaroed, at the: Option of thp Person t? vfhpm tfrq samp Rentehprgc is payable , : by the:saaae Ways and Mepnaas pregToyided hj the LpCfil 4-dt fi>Pitbtf ^ppoyeryipf, thoCorn, Rpptein, lieu of which stfcb Rentcharge shall have been awarded.

Where , (3pnr, 2^ Ip, jfliyCnsp of filt^rpfl ^jffior^tpept in whpab the .CftnsOPt , of thp: whole of the

nrfiof fro?'. .X'Ppdovfnefp interpsfedi , ip, ppch; Alter^ipu *hftU pofc Ipu signified thereto*.the) Qomuajssioners po?edaiterc4 .#& ip fteu yf t% Service, of; .Nptifie, required, by fcfie, spid Draff of, the pro-

jApportionment posed altered AppRrtiopmppt tq.be depositied foi\JnspofitiQp, to the same Menpepas by the ttawtiw' wd first-f ecj.ted Act jsreq.uired, j, ny reference -to. an Instrument of Apportionmentj1 snd shall capse iKotice to be giyeaof soph, Ijepqsit in sneh hfnnpfir as to thenvehall seetn fit, apd shall " by such jfotice specify the lime (being not leas than Twentjrone Days) ifithin which

Objections in Writing to such proposed altered Apportionment may be signified to the In case of Ob- Commissioners; and in case any Notice of Objection shall be given within the Time limited irisrionereto 88 aforesaid, the Commissioners shall appoint a Time and Place for hearing such Objection, appoint a Time and shall, by themselves or by an Assistant Commissioner, take such Objection into their for hearing the Consideration; apd if there bp p<> Notice of Objection, or when the said Commissioners or same', Assistant Commissioner shall hayo hpard and determined every such Objection *, the Commissioners shall confirm such altered, Apportionment, with pr without Amendments, as they shall see, fit ., j . i

Rentcharge may be reapportioned and redistributed on the same or on other Lands.

lo*t

i. C un iiil!

XI. With the Consent of ^the OwriOr or Owners of any Lands charged with Reptcharge tinder any Instrument of Apportionment, Whether payable to One ot rftorie Owners cjf Rent-; charge, and without regard to the Mode in which the Bam e Rentcharge is1 apportioned by the said Instrument* the Commissioners may by an altered Apportionment i*ertpportion and redistribute the sanie Rentcharge over and amongst the said Lands Or any Part thereof, and to the Exclusion of any of such Lands, but no Rentchalrge shall be charged upbh any Land to the Exclusion of other Land of the same Owner, unless the Land* so charged With Rent-charge is held for an Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail in Possession, upleae/th^ pynfi and, the Land so excluded are settled to the same Uses.

1 -: t - I ' i Ti if t fi*f'71 /»

i^h^Fgioe8, , M , s XII. Where, through the Removal or Alteration of Fences between Land charged with Rentcharge.under any Instrument of Apportionment and Land upon which no Retitcharge apportioned on is now charged, or which is Tithe-free, it becomes impossible or difficult to distinguish the Land Tithe- I^nits of the Land so charged with Rentcharge, the Commissioners ipay, with ^he Consent

other the Owner of the said Lands, include the whole oj such Lands in any Instrument of altered

LtoL; -li> 'Apportionment to be made by the said Commissioners, and may apportion the Rentcharge l! - As well on the said Xand not heretofore charged as on the said Land heretofore liable to the JPayment thereof, or on any Part thereof, provided that the whole of the Lands on which Such Rentcharge is apportioned are held for an Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail in Possession, or are settled to the same Uses.

Land not to be XIII. No Land shall be charged with Rentcharge payable to a different Owner than the

diforentOwner Rentcharge previously charged thereon was payable to, without the Consent in Writing

than before, of the Owner of the Rentcharge so proposed to be charged, except in Cases of altered

without Gon- Apportionment after Inclosure. 1 1 i f

sent. f (, / ', 1 . - -; 3 i *; «

When Content XIV. It shall not be necessary to obtain the Consent of any Landowner to ^an altered

of Landowner Apportionment whose Lauds are not (charged with Rentcharge by *uoh altered, Apportion-not required. m"t ',

Power to Com- XV. Whenever it shall appear to the Commissioners that any Instrument of Appbrtion-missioners to ment shall have been altered by successive Instruments of altered Apportionment, So as in tionmentwhere the Judgment of the Commissioners 'to render the Collection of the Rentcharge upon the successive Ai- Lands included in such Apportionment and altered Apportionments unreasonably incon-mSe°itSincom. ven*ent or difficult, the Commissioners may, upon the Application of the Person or Persons venient or001^ entitled to «uoh Reateharge or any Part thereof, and without Notice to or the Consent of difficult, but any Owner of such Lands, make a further Instrument of altered Apportionment as Regards

the

28° *& 24* VICTtVltEJE, c. 93. 821

the whole of the said liatids, branch Portions thereof aa to them shall gebm fit, biit -without not to alter making any Alteration in the Amount charged on the Lands of any particular Owner, and Amount, &c. the altered Apportionment so made by the Commissioners shall be taken to be an Amendment of and in stibstitution fdr So much of the said brigiuAl Apportionment and altered Apportionments as! relates to the Lands included in the said lastly made altered Apportionment

XVI. Whenever any new Boundaries of Parishes shall have been or shall be set out Power to Com-upon any'Inclosure or otherwise, and it shall appear to the Commissioners that the Appor- ^ier8^0 tionment of ther Rentcharge In such Parishes is thereby rendered inconvenient, the Commis- tionmentwhere sioners may make and confirm an altered Instrument of Apportionment adapted to the Boundaries of altered Distribution of the Lands in such Parishes or any of them, and to the new Boundaries j^8^ete^Ve which shall have been so set out, or otherwise the Commissioners may, by an Order under their Hands and Seal, declare the Lands which shall be affected by such Alteration of Boundaries, either with or without any other Lands comprised in such Inclosure, and whether such Lands are situate in One or more Parishes, to be a separate District for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, and may make and confirm an altered Instrument of Apportionment adapted to the altered Distribution of such Lands, with reference to the Owners both of the Lands and Rentcharge in such District, and the Commissioners may determine that the Amount of Rentcharge payable to each of the Owners of Rentcharge in such District shall be fixed and apportioned upon' stich particular Lands as to them shall seem convenient, so that no Lands are charged with more than their due Proportion of Iientchaqge; and every such Determination shall be binding and conclusive, and such altered Apportionment* when confirmed, shall be annexed to the original Apportionment for that Parish from which the greatest Amount of Rentcharge is payable under the altered Apportionment, and Counterparts thereof shall be annexed to the original Apportionment for each of the other Parishes comprised in such District, and Copies thereof shall be deposited in respect of each several Parish comprised in the District, in conformity with the Provisions of the said recited Acts.

XVII. All the Powers given by the said recited Acts or by this Act in relation to the Powers for Alteration of Instruments of Apportionment shall extend to all altered Apportionments and altering Apia Awards of Rentcharge in lieu of Corn Rents, and to Awards under Local Acts by which any Rentcharge is awarded in lieu of Tithes, Glebe or Commonable or other Rights or Easements.

XVIII. In any Case in which Tithes have been commuted for a Sum or Rate per Head Tithes com-to be paid for each Head of Cattle or Stock turned on Land subject to Common Rights or held or enjoyed in common, during the whole of the Tear, the Commissioners may, upon the Head may Application in Writing of any Person entitled to receive such Sum or Rate per Head, or of be converted any Person who may be liaole to pay the same or any Part thereof, by a Supplemental Award and Apportionment, by way of Supplement to the Apportionment under which such charge *

Rate per Head shall be now payable, convert the same into a gross Rentcharge, to be thereafter payable out of such Land.

XIX. Where a gross Rentcharge has been made payable in respect of the Tithes of any Gross Rent-Gated or Stinted Pasture, and such Gates or Stints are rated to the Relief of the Poor, the charge may be Commissioners may, by the Instrument of Apportionment to be made of such Rentcharge, °n

or by a Supplemental Award and Apportionment, where an Apportionment shall have been Stinted Pas-already made, upon the Application in Writing of the Person entitled to such Rentcharge, or tures-of any Owner of a Gate or Stint, apportion such gross Rentcharge pro rata upon the Gates or Stints, and after such Apportionment or Supplemental Award and Apportionment the Owner of such Rentcharge snail have the same Powers for the Recovery of any Arrears thereof, by Distress on the Goods and Chattels of the Person rated to the Relief of the Poor in respect of the Gates or Stints the Rentcharge upon which is in arrear, as are given by the said recited Acts for the Recovery of Rentcharge in arrear, and such Powers of Distress may be exercised upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person, whether found upon the said Pasture or elsewhere.

6'1'Z

Rentcharge on' Commons may be commuted for a Part of the Land,

) o il< >ll|;

r \ 'n.

) / U r, [

& VICTORIAE, c. 93.

o; r* I'L^I '[O .if rii; '! J-M!- yiTi: ot LMfi-ipJ Hi r, i.u:

PffW Cape w mm 3, 47094.WVLW

J: W&fo/°P, lielfJi, qr, ip, $

Commissioners snail, upon the Application in Writing of the Person tpt s^e

charge, or f of any Person liable to pay the same or any Part thereof, convene n '

ject Tk ft)be

RfcUt-

eeting

chargeable, 'Rfcntchjir ^, (fetemwie, if

fyhfc Hetttcbatjge 'is1 ti^feeVo&e^ftietlytlife1 R^d^tin^tlotiirlStt>ney shall raised by Rate

* tow th£T^sonS liAble! by sudff KeritehatgO^br bfy Sftfe 0^ h Potti^n Cf Land ^Froridefl

always, that if no Determination be come to at such Meeting the Commissions* Tm*ypijcfeebd

commits tli, p, ^en^rgp for? Land fi* hprem-ftfter pr9 ridedj, ((, r7 > ((, 7 y vvr/y

If Rentcharge is commuted for Land, Commissioners fo: set out Lend j and to vest same in Owner.

Commissioners to set out Land to be sold for Purposes of Redemption.

Conveyance of Land sold to be executed by Commissioners.

Where Rate per Head is in arrear the same may he re- >/ covered: by t ] litres*. 1

Upon Inclosure, Rate per Head may be' converted Into tkmtcharge. '

XXI. If the Rentcharge is to be commuted for Land, the Commissioners shall define and set out the Land to be so given, and shall vest the same in the Owner of the Rent-charge -by an Award, to. be i^ade by them in like Manner as, Awards of Exchange of |Gl<qbe for^ ojlfhbr Land^ ap made uifder ttip said recited Acts, and subject to all fh'e likp

Incidents. 11 M/lJ // 11 '* ' ' \ , M

[Random junk removed.]

I /XXIII M the Rteittohargb ds to the rededmbd for a Sum to be raised by the , Sa^e of a Portion of the Land liable tp lsuch R^uteharge, the Commissionerfe may define and, ftefc out si^I^t of tte Land as inaylbd aTiifficient iti Vialue to meet the RedemptioU, Money; and jthe Expense* of rSalfe, /land)may sail>andidispose ofitheisame by Public Auotion) QflrPriyate f Gontxaotyis1 tbbyu^y think eKpedidnt'i 1. - , v- /; , ..\T mc

I, jX^Jtj, { eye^y>y^i Saje.tljft ^pp>missUnters shall jpgri flnd .deliverlo capt^rc^sejr

ra Receipt fabis.P^q^se, Mpn^y-, *phiph ^be^ spfSeipM jpischarge.to ^e, and upon Receipt of the whole Purchase Money for any of the Lands which, shall, be 'sold as aforesaid the Commissioners shall convey such Lands and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof ini Possession^fey [Conveyance; under rthdir Hands and Seal to such Usefe etttlkr^uch ManneraasnriiPurdlmserasfeaM Idiifectv *and afterjsuoh.Conveyance the Pjremwes jeonyeyed shall be Freehold of Inheritance, alidi shall be luild to th o Uses and in Manner expressed, In such Conbeyance 5 andhriy such Contfeyance may-fee to the Efffect set forth upffthe Schedule to this i^ct; atad shall bfr EvidJenoe Iof the Regularity of the Sale ill punaftiailee of which isuch Conveyance shall be iarade > - .i- *> /, ? -< / ' 1 lf, jli; t

XXIV. >VTierever Supi or Ratp per He^d shall be in arrear; , tFie Arreats shall be

recoverable by Distress and Impounding of any Cattle, Stock, Goods, or Chattels belonging: to tba Person in, respect, of /whope Cattle or f Stoch ^ich Sum /ox, Rato \p*r Dead is in^rrear, wherqver the sameniay be found-: 1 . I: f; .

XXV. Where any Lands in respect to the Cattle or Stock tiiion which any Sum or Rate per Head shall be payable shall b^e inclosed, divided, allotted, or exchanged, under the Powers of any General or Local Act of Inplosure qr otherwise, the Commissioners may, by the altered Apportionment which may be made by them, adapted to thr the said Lands, charge a Rentcharge 'equivalent to the Amount Head which shall have been previously payable, u allotted under the said Inclosure in lieu of the Rign

the

Power to Commissioners to order Maps to be detached n from, Instruments of A p-portionmentp.

the altered'Distribiitidh of it of the Sum or Rate/7^r )le, /upon the Laxids which shall' have' bptti Rights in respect of which the ^iaid Stihi hr rRate/?er Head was made payable, which Rentcharge shall be thereafter payable bit of tF" same Lands, in such Manner and Proportion as the said aUered Apportionment ^hall* dhfettt

[Random junk removed.]

XXVI. Where bf reasoh of the Sizd of the Map annexed to finy Instrument of Apportionment or other Circumstances, the Commissioners shall be of opinion that1 it is expedient that such Map should be detached and held separate from the said Instrument, the Commissioners may by an Order under their Hands dirept that the said Map shall be sonOtew^ied, and they tnay make the like Order upon the Ajppjication of the Incumbent and ConrchWiitth^ia of any Parish, or either of them, or the Registrar of any Diocese, irt rfeferencO torfhtf kttd^d

Copy

Copy of any Instrument of Apportionment belonging to any such Parish, or held AA. the Custaty rtf '*m MM thereupon1 6Very" Maj? SO dOta^ied1 s^liirtvb thi iiAne^orce

attfl Effect and By rBfek'ed tB j&9P the'ifeiWBWert!aSttfleffetf tO'tBte skid App^*tliniiiBtit', "Or>thB 8ealefl<MW£' i:"; '|, 'i '/' :;" 111 «'">'< /- "*<J "<!» .^<1- — *. m.u.k/)

[Random junk removed.]

XXyWM tmj Com i«: j of Puri, tfcqwf.sNJ

have been-, datosged, qp, dcftoed, thet, Qouvnie^ippera. (i^ay, by. an Order , pnder, .their, If a#&> require; th4/aeftM iCppy, thier«of wfcjcB; shalhbs deposited, wfhqipwsh, or/J&girtry of the Diocese ito-bei debwer^di^itQ.itbwn^jfop j, ^bpe.tQ.M.tlwH^ihy, wefr, Order, .fur, tthP Purposoi of[ertabhpg thorn, to reatpre spqh ^(prtjeps the ffiftf Jngtrrupept pq %jdl'3iavpbceu eo daoneged or del'aeeda.ftr!Qf, mahipg- AO, fintjre, Pqpy p^bc|saifj Instruiqept, wljidi, Ipstri*-meatfl* bestwredj w enure CPRyIW; Wtdoibyithe, #^being, .ppj-t^od , under and SeabehhU bftrftf d^aapjo.Pproei and .have the thP/fiaif ooflhtiWid.Inftrpipwt

of ApportioruneUti- ninii ' ) 'jih prihaal/i ri)!r1r. ol 'mii-iO '»(ri<>itefi:i/riott I <m"ii Halt .-.vav.'li:

XXVIII. Whenever any ^fei'sbn; tAHertthiiii, fh^ Fektitti l^HyrOiitftlei! to 'tlhe" Possession of the same, shall haye Possession of the sealed Copy of any confirmed Instrument of Apportionment, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or other Jurisdiction} within whyjh the Lands mentioned in the^saifd Apportionment, are situate, upon the Application, of1 any jPprsoij ljii^resteci in the J^ands or |\cntcliar^e, and upon ^urfo^ Days Notice in Writing of such Application to tlieD<irsoh or Iversons in whose Custody such Copy shall be at the Time of such Application, to hear and determine such Application; and up^n wwch Application the kud Justices knay drdcr stich Oop^iteibdfefndvcd

from th^ Custody of the Person: holding tkb samej aadtio be deposited! iJ&Buih othhr Guatoflfy as the fctl4 Justice^'hatinjl reference to thfe Security* land flue Preservation of suchiCfapy, and' ty the Cotivttfiende' of thb Partieriniitereetpd! thereih^ may think fit^aild may impose n Fine, not exceeding Twenty Shillings, for each Dayithiiit any such; Copy ehill bciretained, contrary.tq the Terms of such Order, upon the Person so retaining it, and iqay make such further Ordjbif MVferi^of ^stlch R^fnovhi rihd Deposit, ^nd

conceding '^he^C^osls di suin Application dhd tte of driy'OApo^tldh tftefgtty £s

Ih^Vma^i^tiKffeofiableiy* 1 1 J4' V'*' ]''' ->*> 1; y; 1 "'H[r

f* XXlXv If al Rentchafcger gfaall tit any Time beinarrearauid uhpaid, and! in order *to ^nfof'tte Payment thei^of it shall become necessary for the Perrion entitled to the same toigltfe Notice <bt^his Iilterition to distrain^ttponi thd liauds liable to .riae Payment rtierebf.fob the Arrears' of the eaid1 Rentcharige, iaccording to the/ Provisions of tho saixl recited Aots^ the Owner of the Rentcharge Shall in al|. Gates bo entitled to iTwo Shillingfr and Sixpence for and in respect of each Notice which shall have been so issued, and srich Sum shall bodedmed and taken tp Jbe P, art of the Rentcharge which is in arrear jind unpaid, and, , s^aU be recoverable accor^Ingry, in ljke Manner as^the said Arrears of, Rentcharge{ prd recoverabl?,

XXX. 'Nbtfce df Iritentibri IP didtram ma^be given^in the Manrier j^vid^d by{thd said recited Acts, or by sending it by the Post in a registered Letter to tfte^ OflSber pr ti^ial Plh<5e of Abode of the Person to wbxw the samp i^ lif _ht f, r /* .

323

no r, \ if

V'i iI "l'< >nf n:< *r ' i-.tnfiono-i ' nc'i ji io'! f I>i(j:. I t '

PrOTiaiottfbr

Ilcstoration of damaged Instrument of Apportionment.

Justices may order an Instrument of

Apportionment to be restored to proper Cistody '

1-W 4, 1 let,

[Random junk removed.]

Expenses of

recovering

lientcharge.

XXXI. Where, under ^ny Agreement or Award which has been or hereafter shall be popfl^ipedby (the Commissioners, the Amount of the lientcharge agreed or awarded to be ^4:^fte^td of Jthe Tithes of any Parish, and which shall not pave been apport|oped, shall pqft e^ce^d the Smp, of fifteen Pounds, the Comprnssioriers may, if they snail see fit (and >y^put the Consent? tl, ie Owner or Owper$ of the Landfe chargeable with the said Rent-thp^'person or Persons for the-Tim^being entitled to jthe Receipt, thereof,) by an Qr, <ier under their Hands and Seal, direct that such Rentcharge shall be redeemed by the Payment by the Owners of the Lands chargeable therewith, within such TimP as^the Commi^itoersiaballjhiy^poh pr^F^Appp^j p(> fpqtial tq Twwty-five; Tipi9B the Aiiount of spph Rwtchaj; g^, , i*, f(

Notice of Intention to distrain may be 8C«tby Post

CommissiouerB may order a Rentcharge w.t

exceeding 15/. to be redeemed before Apportionment.

Xxkilr. Whcnevpr Lands charged with Rehtchafgc under any Instrument o(Apportion- Where Ltnd' — - — ---A 1 i_ ii t /* L t m i* K\ -U r divided. Commissioners may order Rent-

>; I; MV/UV T yi VUMl^V/U, Hitll UUUvl <Hijr AMOli Ul UUU-

ment or altered Apportionment shall be divided for building or other Purposes into nqinerpus [Plots, qnd it shall appear to the Commissioners that nq further Ap^rtionment of

324 23* & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 93.

charge to be redeemed after Apportionment

Provision in Cases where Rentcharge has been charged on Lands which in con-quence of Error in Boundary are not within the Parish where aggregate Charge is awarded.

Rentcharge where Land made chargeable for more than One Parish.

Commissioners shall give Notice of their Intention to order compulsory Redemption.

the said Rentcharge can conveniently be made, the Commissioners mAy, if they shall see fit, upon the Application of any one Owner of the said Lands, and without the Consent of any other Owner, or of the Person for the Time being entitled to the Receipt of the said Rent-charge, and without Limitation as to the Amount thereof, by an Order under their Hands and Seal direct that such Rentcharge shall be redeemed by the Payment by the Owners of the Lands chargeable therewith, within such Time as the Commissioners Shall by such Order direbt and appoint, of a Sum equal to Twenty-five Times the Amount of such Rent-charge.

XXXIIX Whenever it shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners that by reason of Error as to Boundary or otherwise any Rentcharge or Portion of Reatoharge shall have been charged by any confirmed Instrument of Apportionment on Lands not within the Parish in respect of the Tithes of which the aggregate Rentcharge, the Apportionment of which shall have been so confirmed, was agreed or awarded to be paid, the Commissioners may, if they shall see fit, upon the Application of the Owner or Owners of the said Lands, and without the Consent of any Owner of Land in the said Parish, or of the Person for the Time being entitled to the Receipt of the said Rentcharge, by an Order under their Hands and Seal, direct that such Rentcharge or Portion of Rentcharge so charged on Lands not within the Parish shall be redeemed by the Payment by the Owners of Lands charged with the Residue of the said Rentcharge by the said Apportionment, or apy of thern^ within such Time as the said Commissioners shall by such Order direct and appoint, of a. Sum equal to Twenty-five Times the Amount of such Rentcharge; and if there shall be any Question touching the Situation or Boundary of the Lands which shall be alleged to have been erroneously included in the said Apportionment, the Commissioners shall have the same Powers for hearing and determining the same as are given by the said first-recited Act for hearing and determining any Difference whereby the making of an Award of Renteh&rge in lieu of Tithes is hindered.

(, i

XXXIV. Where any Land has been made chargeable with Rentcharges ip Hep of Tithes for more than One Parish, the Commissioners, on being satisfied thereof, may determine in respect of which Parish the Rentcharge ought to have been charged, and may, by Order, direct such Rentcharge to be paid in respect of such Parish only.

XXXV. Before the Commissioners shall order the compulsory Redemption of any Rentcharge, they shall cause Notice to be given of their Intention in such Manner as to them shall seem fit, and shall by such Notice specify the Time (being not less than Twenty-one Days) within which Objections in Writing to such proposed Order may be signified to them; and in case any Notice of Objections shall be given within the Time limited as aforesaid, the Commissioners shall, by themselves or an Assistant Commissioner, take such Objections into their Consideration.

If Pewon re- XXXVI. If the Person absolutely entitled to the Redemption Money refuses to receive

fnse to receive the same, or if the Rentcharge be subject to Incumbrances, and the Commissioners shall

McmeyPto°be consider that the Incumbrancers should be protected, such Redemption Money shall be dealt

dealt with as with as is provided in Cases where the Owner of the Rentcharge is only entitled thereto for

if under Dia- a limited Estate,

ability.

Trustees may XXXVII. Where the Money to be paid for the Redemption of any Rentcharge docs be appointed to not exceed Two hundred Pounds, and the Person for the Time being entitled to such n^exceeding Rentcharge shall be a Corporation not authorized to make an absolute Sale of such Rent-200/. payable charge otherwise than under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, the Redemption to Corporation. Money may be paid into the Hands of Trustees to be nominated by the Commissioners, by Order under their Hands and Seal, and the Money when so paid shall be applied by the Trustees, with the Consent of the Commissioners, to the Purposes to which Money to be paid for the Redemption of any Rentcharge into the Bank of England in the Name of the Accountant General is by the said recited Acts directed to be applied, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of such Trustees some other Person shall be appointed by the said Commissioners in like Manner.

28! & 24°!WClTOHr^ A lot 325

XXXVIII. The Bfovisiona ofi the > said /rbcited Abfcsrespeeting the r Redemption «fj Provision* of Bcntdhai^e>(e^ce{lt aaotherWise by thib iAet is(ptordded) shall beapplicabletoafl. Gases Reduction »dfR^fcha^ under this ^empdo'i

under this Act.

Pwrpos^.of mpking.RAy o, Herfi£ 4^tiftqi«e^J1gupple^ea^l Award Expense* and and Ajjpqf, or, , &WJUjd ftfi Usntpfoirgej ip Jiw, of, CflBtyJipgte, ppr.fqr tl^p.Eurppfe of, Redemption

codertl^i^F.^firY<wr WY V»W A*f&. V befrl6, prpyid^ w4 > be°Sd.

not paid by the lime in that Behalf limited, and of assessing the same Redemption Moneys and all Expenses of or incidental to any such altered Apportionment, supplemental Award aftllrAWabd, J of of any rsifoht R^ctemptiott' if the ^omhii/skmers 11 1 '

shaft sue fifc, Tfthel Expehteehf the 'Afesigtafit ^.GoimnissiditeriS' Atiotldance at tmy Meetifagsr wMcfc'toay be1 nkcfesJaty in the Mattel of any Stidhr altfer^d fAppoWiotfbi4nt, BUpplembntai '

Awatd'^df App^rtio^tnest, 1 OrfAwkrd, ' W of act, ^ich Redemption)1, between the OWn^rte of the1 Lfrnds dlnMe ttf tie RentcHargfe to be reapportioned1 or redeemed, or to the 'Rentchiatge 7 atvwdW ittTteli df Com Ttferlte, 1 or Persons to1 WhomtfW said Gorti RJentff were payable, the' Commissioner^ or1 ah Assistant' Commissioned may employ feuch Land Surveyors and Tithe Valuers or other Persons as to them shall seem fit, and all the Powers and Provisions of the

if-, if.

said recited Acts concerning the Valuers appointed for the Purposes of an original Apportionment of Rebteharge, and icbneerning the Assessment and Brcovery of the Expenses of an original Awabct of Rentcharge or Apportionment, so for as in the Discretion of; the Commissioners shall seem fit, ShSl be and thfe same are hereby made applicable to the Land SurveyWs^ Tithb Valuers, dr other Persons so employed, and to thfe Assessment, Collection, and Recovery df any stidh Redemption Mondy, and of all'Expanses incidental to' any such1 altered ApportSobment, 8tipplemeiital Award afid Appdritiobment, or Award, or to1 any 6U£h> Rdddmption| but the Commissioner^ shall, before they proceed td collect any suth Redetnp- tion-Mdafcyo*r Expenses, cause a Schedule showing the tdtal Amount thereof, and the Share thereof to be borne by each Person interested, to be deposited for Inspection, in the same Manner as jay the said recited Acts }s required in Reference to - an; Jns^rpjpent, of Appdrtiobmenlj, and shall cause Notice to be given of such Deposit in such Manner as tp fhCm shall seeih fit, and shall by such Notice specify the, Time (being (not less than Twenty-obe Dhys) within which Objections in Writing to such proposed Apportionment of the' Redemption Money and Expenses may be signified to the Commissioners; and In case any Notice of Objections sfiall be given within therTipae limited as , aforesaid, the Commissioners shall, by themselves or by an j Assistant Commissioner, take such, Objections into tuehr Consideration; and if there be no such Objection?* jor when the said 0ommisaioners or A^fistant Commissioner, shall have heai^d and determined all, such, Objections, the Commissioners shall proceed to collect the said. Redemption Money and Expenses as herein-before provided*, >

XL. Whenever Land or Money Payments, or both, have been grvin to the TitheOwnerd Informal Ar-of any Parish, and are now holden by them, instead of rTithes or Glebe or Commonable or rangements other Rights or Easeibents, knd it shall appear that such Land or Money Payments, or both, shall have been so given by virtue of any Act of Parliament the Provisions of which have not been fully carried out, or by virtue of any Arrangement which is not of legal Validity, the Commissioners may, if it shall appear just and expedient, having regard to all the Circumstances of or incident to the Case, by an Award confirm the Titheowner ifi possession of the said Land or Money, or both, and may confirm and render vafid any such Arrangement, , and may also award a Rentohargie, subject to the Provisions of the said xccj^d.Aotsb, when and in such Cases as to them shalleeem fit; and, subject to such Cou-firpf^of and Award, the Commissioners may extinguish the Right of the Titheowners to $he Perception of the said Tithes, or his Title to the said Glebe Rights or Easements, or to ih? Receipt of any Rentcharge.instead thereof, other thto the Renjtcharge, if any, awarded over and, above - the Lands or Money, or both, so confirmed to them.

1' XLT. 'So much ea|d recited Acts, as provides fhat the Land given to any Spiritual Copyhold and

Person' exchange f6r jGlebe of any Renefice shall be free from Incumbrances, and shall other Lands

not be of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, subject to arbitrary Fine or the Render of

Heriots, shall be repealed, and all Conditions, Charges, Incumbrances, and every other Glebe.

.5! \ i I ///* /. Incident

n > *jiniil 'l<>

r<»t oJ *jiJ v-.olIrhA

Formation of District within which extraordinary Charge in respect of Hop Grounds and Market Gar-dedB sMfssblf A payable.'", n '

Power to enter

on Land.

1 .

Recited Acts and this to be as One.

Incident effecting the Land so Gfcfcb'taKji id! exchange for

djr GopyhWir^stoadW Lahd stunk1 Rent, '<yh*v'*1

ofdWid'h!

; <} tm tra^aferred to the said . tak^nin epqhange for

t)m j^orct. of thp s^9 ^d^Qor, under the

rXkI}iilWk^*S)r:4lMiQQBtmianoaes>9J)kc reqhestiod inith»>Mttniaef ^oVlde^%^he said recited, AeWtoicluuigo an additional Rjentfchaiget byl wtiy of cxfjr&otdinaeyOhirge upon any Hep,; Grq(intL tort iMaricet, (Barddns wiawly cultivated fwedch beyond. the Limits 'Of any sxtb#ordi|nary Charge fot 'Hojs>GrMindte -or1 Market GardkiU tetepee-tiv«Jy shall; have-hew alcdady dtstingfidBhcdthe Coanaksi^iierei iday 'declare the1 Lands'in1 the Parish in which such newly cultivated Hop tijroupds or Market. Gardens are situate r Histtiel-within which the e^ttnbrdinary1 Charge t<i be then fixed by them shall be'iheredfte »Mblk --i > .-iii n jlt.n /!.[.!//(/"! ., '7 s. vuic. ) yc.-, ..

.*A' '± - .i -I ' I -

XLIII. For the Purpose of ascertaining the Extent of the Land oultivated as Hop Grqwd^ oj, Market Qar^ens, the Pej-son , t» whom, any extrlvOrdinary Charge-upon such Land is or would bj; payable, his or <Servflnt6, ftt. all reasoflable Times, may i enter

upon rthe, fyiid: Land ,; aqd wqkq, up Admeasurement and ' Phut, of the etund/ without being ^jeetiio^py.Actippipr Molf^tgtioin/forisodpipg- ,; : i, > wit -, ..i

XLIVi This Act shall be: taken and MpstrueT as Part of the said firsLrecited Act, aa aotended and extended by the several Acts; passed for the Amendment thereof, and by tins Act. " ' v *' " 1 ' .....

a

er

* \, y V> 11''ir fi L "a *<

MMtlliluJ; )[j 'I,

lLl nil

: p:Jh.ibih ) j f t; H 7*10/'ll I > 1 / j; Hi 1, -m!, 1 (J11 JlTOVIGV, ':

lit nl t< r rf-nl t ' i

i; Vib'; <7:Vh ^077:!'^; :; '; :. '

!' *V -- ']"r'A!''06ttit 6* '0WY&rAiT$cd ^T'CoMMt^IONRliSj '

v1; y !(; -...v ' fr'lim.it /hh

Wk? thp.^TitHpj QoDjwiesioners fetr Eeglaad w»d; Walee^ by, virtue<Jf hdl Ach df Farfiflimeit

p^sqd ip the i Xelf of the Reign of Queen Victoria^ intituled ^Arre

insert the Title of this find in; ^owjderattionf of the Silm -of t '; i ) phid inth our

Har^(bj^, , 11 --.J J f> boing the Purcl^e Money of the iHri/e^tittneaita hewfin-afte^dps^ribpd, do by theac. Present* bonvey .'Uintb. n- t - hw Heira ahd« Assigns,

al^ xhm \J^re 4eseribe, the Premist*]* with the Appurtenances, to hold the! same «who the said

J i: t '

his Heirs and Assigns [he^e stafa the Uses, Trusts, <orf Purposes of the Conveyance, as the Case may require\ b 1 In Wlthess whereof We have hereunto set our Hands dnd Affixed our Sca?l this

V

; i- \

i »*.

-, I 1

CAP. XCIV.

; ! An Act to amend the Lawsrelating to the Militia,

I, ' U 7d 1! -f n-n'M) j

>M i(.:*>:

* r 1

Power to unite Portion^ of Militias of Two

{18 th 1860.1]1

WHEREAS it is expedient to. amend the Laws relating 19 the Afilit^ as herein.-after ' ' provided: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and, with, the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com<nond, 7hL this ., present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, las follows: -, I:

ite, I. It shall ba lawful for Her Majesty, by Order si^ilified By.Ohejo^ the PHncipaPSecre- titles of State, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant or Other Chief Governor or

S3*- k

WU1 mm*Wf.pi?

specified in suen Omei\ dnu to ronniucn united Portions into a [Corps ofi 5mjftial+ and to direct W tat NAicer8; v aftd npft wlia^ r e^rcuve Ranks. sJ^libe iappoiE

«uch oUWOSP^HtHK *f MaffiSK 1__

appointed by the several Lord LuJute&aiiSs fespecuvefy, and ro direct m whica or the several Counties, BLiding^J^i^i^nKros[Plade^) thejA|irtns, jA£eoartrc*BBntav'to<{lkillg!rd^het^St<&e8 belonging'tO ithe)upjtedi, (ji»^a shalbb«rl«iet)tv*ndl by dielsanaiiibljiany otfr&tf'Ofrfeit' 4*> klcteerJ mine (^s.j^rfs.J5w^i«nd)ithd Iituu£>hdr <>£ JditiceeltoiiboaLdeted* oh'beli&lfiof4tUJfa>e&utttH Riding, t>j}vigiqn, t of, ijla'ee, ibniforfaiaglh Cfcraooiitfed foriipWriding ^dl'wibfattohJngHhe Sitor^bppft^ jfcn, >?jii(3j* I subh/^n ^,) i Ace^neittesda, iGlbtikbB^y ahd/bthef; Stor^sare1 tfr be 'fcjejrt.' on: MtoiVi:!) -VidmICio s-J'iiitpiO .«pdl L'ltir/itliiO yl ihii* ihiil// «i_ il-rn-rl Ifv j JMP w-fe»fl§«lw ^WndXfot'bubtvxii

of every County, Riding/Division, or Place ffoin which such united Corps is formed [4hall*j at the General or Quarter Sessions next after the said Order has been notified, to them by the L&rd Lieuteiianly elect the Number Of Justices mentioned in such Order, to be with the Justices elected in like Matmerlfttr e^ety' othet1 sncli Chuhtyj ItxdfWg, 3 OiVl^ori, 'or PlacC^ a CoraiMtte©>for& alid^fiiaintainted ^ch; Stdrab(>u&^ [

a Gorapirtttee>for^afcd^ maintaining ^ch'StdrabkuSOhs ^' [1 "i:, k

In'case dtiy Member^ bny*sii4hiGommiWeedid; f to

Justices for the County, Riding, Division, e£JIPlkcn*^ nt tthy'Ge'riferiT

urred.

III. Every such Committee shall within One Month after, their Election assemble at some convenient Place to be named in a Notice to be given by Two or more of the Members thereof to the several Membersi saelecteisucJv Notice^to bftgiven to each Member personally or left at his1 PlShe &iAttoae, ^ot Wankmittecl through the Post Office Seven Days at least before the Time app^t^ spc^i, ^ifl, Committee may adjourn

the said Meeting from Tfime to Time and from Place to Place and meet ^h^a a^(so often as they think necessary, and they shall at their First Meeting*' elect; One ot their Mombdns 'tfo bei tlieiujOhairitviM, w^ho shaff jiresiAc Wt rtlf Meetings at Whidh* he1 is 'present, a/nd inoiifed*^fiiidauMiseifcee/frawi^ present shall elect Ohio W'thei*!

Numbeii todoje Chairman for the ^MeetUijg, %hD)^hall^CSklc, a^the[l^etifig , :'' N ' ' v ' T«bnfetit«UjCii)^Mddti»£tdfit|raiGS/^ be less than Three M^mifeei'S,

except fori'AdjoiirWment, which may be madfcfey^e*# thati Thteie; aftd tftery Question shall he1 debenmined- byia Majority.^f 'Victeevthe/ChafritkiV' (whether'permanent ^'temporary) having It V^te^ind, in the eVei^ trf Eqx^alityiofA^tJeej hating k Second or Casting Vote.1 /

\ " y > \\-Vt\- \ / U 'V' , \\'W V 1 '

IY-. The tFwm

repamng, enlarging, altering, and improving such Storehouse as aforesaid as are or may \*e\ given to the Justices of a County for providing, enlarging, altering, and improving any Storehouse for keeping the Arms and other Stores belonging to any Regiment of Militia of their County; and all the Provisions of such Act auxiliary ianny such Powers, and in relation to any such Storehouse, shall extend and-applyl:b^and in the Case of the Powers conferred by this Enactment, and any Storehouse to be provided, altered, enlarged, or improved thereunder; and any Lands to be purchased fortthc*Puri)oses of this Act shall be conveyed to such Persons, being not less than Five in NuibDer, and in such Manner as the Committee

direct, in ahiiilf&rjrfife of tW^JLct^ddiouy CdnVe^aric6

1 1 " 1 1 , M 1 1 ' sp$ ifta^ up^ejr|^e^n.

V. rWJaiw 'Jiwd doleften'tt^y Tjf^ fhU Act shall hd 'Vested^ti less than

Three Trustees^ oi^tWeite'Shnllfnet'be hhy^listcb thfetebf lltih^1, it 'ShftlP Be latffhl ^fot the said P?) nndemtheir

Ha!p^i W; J_0^]b»r: ifi

I I'l.'K'MAT I .'Uiv 1 J

such Appointment shi & 24 VICT,

leposited and kept among the Records Tt

of such One of the Counties,

327

or more Counties to form an Artillery Corps.

Id iiomwirurl itulir// tv.ni-'iU j; n / tt

i ni Ji* nut' >

Jj; ^Ikiikm . i ,; > i

Apppip^meiU i of Committee for providing Storehouse for united Militia Artillery Corps in England.

* t*)/. Iv:*! <it <(((t* f i.

»-H - -r

Meetings of Committee.

Powers of Committee.

Lands purchased for Purposes of this Act to be conveyed to TruS tees.

Power for the Appointment of new Trustee* itt ease of Death, Ac.

S U I, .

20? & 24" VICTORIA e.S&

«) 7 . ' r

-/! "*! -il." '* > /M 1" ») *'»<

-m.f t«> '{

As to f^ymenfr ofdSxpuiie^ to *

incurred bf^.t Committee.

CoWrttlefe, ' Riding, Ditisfons, or Ulaces interested thereto as the Committee* tthi^think fit fihd fall1 the testate and Interest to such Laud Which at the TtoiC of Aiich Appointment may ^Vektedto any Trustee or Trustees to trust for the Purposes aforesaid; or In any Other Person as Heir or Devisee, or otherwise subject to such Trust, fehall; by virtue bf Such Apppiptnjept, vest in the Trustees so appointed, either .alone, or if there. tye any coqjjnuing trustees or Tpriistee jointly with such continuing Trustees or Trustee, as the Case may ije^uite, without any Conveyance or Assurance for that Purpose. t ' 11 >; ,

VII The said Committee shall from Time? to Time certify to the Treaaurdr of each County; . Hiding, Division, or Place for the Payment of the Amount: to be {xmtiributbd'by ^<ieh)CQUnty, vRiding, Division, or Place towards the Expenses incurred by such Committee> avoiding) to and in proportion to the fiTiunber of Men ordered to be-contributed by Shoh Coyd&ty* JtMing, Division, ior Place to the united Corps of Artillery; and every Treasurer tbiwhoto subh Account ia so certified shall raise such Amount out of the same iteuada and to the same Manner; as Sums required for the Expenses of the Storoliotuse for\ the Militia bf subh 7 CoutUy/Riding, Division, or Place, and pay the: same to manner directed by the Certificate of the said Committee, and every such Certificate shall be signed by the said Goaawitteeor Three or more of:them. i, .; /

Storehouse VII. Where any such united Corp3 of Militia Artillery is formed in Scotland, the t^om *

how to be pro- missioners of Supply of the County in which the Stores thereof arc directed tphe{ kept videdmScot- ^ialjy jfto*thwith after the Order shall have been notified to them by the Lord Lieutenant, provide a secure and suitable Storehouse for keeping the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other. Stores of the Corns; and all the Provisions and Powers applicable to the providing A Storehouse for the Militia of such County, and the Expenses incidental to the Use and Maintenance thereof, shall extend and be applicable to the providing ajStqrehduse for toch united Corps, and the Expenses incidental to the Use and Maintenance thereof and thei $ums required as aforesaid shall be certified, contributed, and paid as npw by Law provided, in the Cases where several Counties in Scotland contribute to the Expenses of a Place for the safe Custody of the Arms and Stores belonging to a united Corps of

III 'V'T >: ' 'I , i /

Prpvisiop for 1 ' VIII. Where the Militia of any County, Riding; Division, or Place in England is united St0^dM'^' with itjie Militia of any adjoining County, Riding, Division, or Place, the En4Ctra£ht§ umto^ bCrOin-befote contained for providing for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing,

v i..l and1 Stbrea belonging to a united Corps of Militia Artillery, and concefrntog the Expenses

. of providing a Storehouse for such united Corps, and incidental to the Use and Maintenance

thereof, shall be applicable in the Case of the Militia united as aforesaid, save thatr the Expenses shall be defrayed in proportion to the Quotas fixed for the respective Counties, Ridings, or Places of which the Militias are united. i

E*i#e*a* df 1 .-I IX. Where any united Corps of Militia Artillery is formed in Ireland, or where dhe Storehouses in Militia of any County or County of a City in Ireland is united with the Militia of any Ireland. ' adjoining County or County of a City, the Costs of providing, in such Place as the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors shall direct, the Storehouses for keeping the ' Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, and other Stores of the united Corps of Militia Artillery, or of the Militias united as aforesaid, shall be defrayed by the several Counties, or Counties, of Cities, from the Militias of which the Corps of Militia Artillery is formed, or of which, , 7. the Militias arc united (as the Case may be) according to and in proportion to the Number ' of Men contributed by each County or County of a City to the united Corps of Artillery,

or in proportion to the Quotas fixed for each such County or County of a City of which; ' f the Militias are united, and the necessary Sums to be contributed by each County or . County of a City for this Purpose, including any Arrears in respect of such Costs before the Transmission of the Certificate thereof, shall be raised by the Presentment of the 1 J Grand Jury of each such County, and as to the Cities of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick, by the Town Councils of the Boroughs of Dublin, Cork, and Limerick respectively, on a Certificate of the Sum required, signed and transmitted in like Manner as provided in relation to the Cost Of providing any House or Place for the keeping of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores of the Militia in such County or County of a City, by the Act of

29' & U° ', VICTORIA, c. ft*, - 329

of the Session holden in the Seventeenth; and Eighteenth Years ol Her One hundred apd seven, and all the Provisions of the sahl Act applicable toand ipjiie^pieei of auch Costs alia)! be applicable to and in respect of the Sums to be contributed, pod raised in Ireland, under this Act. .< |; i ./{

X. if the iiord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or (governors of Ireland shall deenjb Payments to it expedient that the whole or any Number of the Permanent Staff of the Militia of any County or County of a City, or of the united Militia of any Counties, or of any united p^of pro-Artillery Corps, should be provided with Quarters in the Storehouse of such Milkia, ^dingQtartur* united Militia, or united Artillery Corps, it shall be lawful for the Grand'Jury of such County or Counties, or for the Town Council of the Borough of Dublin, Otoifc* . j Vi , uu > or Limerick, as the Case may be, to provide by Presentment the Cost of such Quarters; and in every such Case, and also where, in England, in any County* Riding* Divisioni, of Place, the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions, or any Committee appointed under this Act, of in Scotland t)he Commissioners of Supply, add to the Buildings provided or to bd provided for keeping the Arras and Stores of the Mifitia Quarters for such Number of the Permanent Staff as the Secretary of State shall deem expedient to be quartered as a Guard for the Arms and Stores, it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State from Time to Time* out of Monies to be provided by Parliament for this Purpose, to cause to be paid fp^he Treasurer of such County, Riding, Division, or Place, or such Commissioners of Supply, .(n ''TflT; such Yearly Sum as the Secretary of State may have agreed so to pay before auch Quartepi d m are provided, to be applied in aid of the Rates or Assessments out of which or of Monies i , !

raised on the Security of which the Expenses of providing suph Quarters have been defrayed, and where such Expenses have been incurred on account of any united Corps of Militia or united Militias, such Sum shall be apportioned by the Secretary of State between or among the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, or Places which may have contributed, to such Exppns's in proportion to its Contribution thereto, and be paid to the Treasurers of the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, or Place, or the Commissioners of (Supply of the respective Counties accordingly. '

XI. Where before the passing of this Act any Quarters shall have been provided for th^ Provision in Permanent Staff of the Militia by any County, Riding, or Place* it shall be lawful tfpr the vhb

Secretary of State, upon being satisfied of the Sufficiency of such Quarters, to approve Save afcvady thereof in the same Manner as if the same had been erected with his Sanction subsequent to Ac

the passing of this Act, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the Secretary of State toeauae forTeraanent to be paid to the Treasurer of such County, Riding, or Place such yearly Sum aa he outy Staff: think fit, in the same Manner and to be applied for the same Purposes as if under the Provision herein-before contained such Sum had been agreed to be paid by him before such Quarters had been provided. f i

XII. The Treasurer of every County, Riding, Division, or Place receiving1 toysich Trewreinot

Payment from the Secretary of State shall be accountable in respect ' thereof to the Treaisurer of every Borough which may have contributed to the Expenses of providing the Payments by Quarters in proportion to its Contribution to such Expenses. 1 |^etary of

XIII. The Oath which under the Act of the Session holden in the Fifteenth and Borough Jus-

Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty, is to be taken by every Volunteer raised mlniste^Oaths as in the said Act mentioned, may be administered by any Justice of the Peace for any to Militia City or Borough, County, Riding, or Place where such Volunteer may happen to be^ Volunteers.

XIV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by Order or Regulations signified by the Militia Vo-Secretary of, State, to direct that any Militia Volunteer, upon or at any Time after iu^ {^ariUed^n7 Enrolment, be drilled, trained, or exercised by way of preliminary Instruction, at the Head addition to° Quarters of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps in which he is enrolled, or at any other other Times of convenient Place, for any Time not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, although the Regimentx TraimnS-Battalion, or Corps, or any Part thereof, be not then called out for Training and Exercise,

and during the Period of preliminary Instruction under this Provision the Volunteer shall be subject to the same Articles of War and to the same Laws in all respects as if he were

T t 2 a Militiaman

.1 ? A

7.1 tiinii 1

c. 38. as provide the Modes in which Deserters shall be tried repealed.

Deserters, Scc. m*y iitMaiT

sumrahrity by7 Jttancfea ilnless Secretary-at^ Wi^sbaHotdet othri-wistej ' !l

111 . ) :f r on t.r.l «! 1 11: I

Terra of Service of Deserters from Embodied Militia extended.

il i,

Provision hs to Enlistment of! Militia Volunteers in the Regular Forces.

Stoppage of Pay of Militiaman fraudulently enlisting in Her Majesty's Forces, &c., or entering the Navy.

33*m m xmrmm, j>.m

a, JmFvfHy .; <jub: for, Twqing} f^ew>4, ab*R not

be' reckoned in lieu or in diminution of the Time in sauv* VlW bfi might

have been called out for Training and Exercise with all or any Part of the same Corps ind^deindjriof this Enactment, f 'ft (i i) /*:'! »ih i- r j\; :h to f *-u un ./ i /.

-i 1.1 11 1"!"- '* *>({ }, r, / ., h U I - f i:, - -1 |.; <, i 1 -; , , -; i :1 . 7 T / '-[*. u: {* »j i i r - M

P/iXI\Tu:'lA/iid whereris* byi^edtion Twelve!of!tlue> Act of the Sehsion!holdto'ia; the Twenty-h fioeomd^iund ^Tiwoiiity-tilnrdiYioarsiof :flfer jMajefely, Chapter Thirty height*ilaftetr'lpro^iding 6iithafc every Deserter from- the Militiai, arid/every Person, who! in reipectlof lany Offence fragaSnsti the-JtfiKtki Lriwsiist deemed a Deslerter, may be trifed by &iRegimental Court-^nmartiaH' or mayibe. tried 6umtnarily by any Jriitioe or Justices of fthe Pedce jos therein <5 \ njpritioned, it is Cpridtoil; ihati iti shiaUf bc lriwfulfor thef Sdoretarykitf'Wiar tb (direct in which ^uoi th&afdnesaifl Moderf/any such Deserttr shaHibo tried So much! of Ifche said*Serition as j)rovides that it shall be lawful for the Secretary-at-War to direct in irhich bf th«> aftreeaid Modes any such Deserter shall be tried shall be repealed; and every such Deserter, and Yvtfty iifeh'n^t*ibri \Vhb^?ri' of ^ariy* Offindd' ngiiin^t' 'ttad'Militia^ Lrivtk is ^eetn^d a

Dosrirtbf, thrill bd^ttfed isiriiiriiWH'^1 fey toy 'Justice or Justices of1; tte Re&ck hating Jitfisdictitorinded the sdid Section, itnless it be shown to such Jusiiriri kr Justices that the 8dct6thi*^-at-Wdl/feaS ordered such Deserter or Prirson to bd tried a*. fedghrientftl Court-tarirtfaitiridbr the PibyisicmTiererri-atter CdntairiCd; and it? shall be JnWfhl ftir driOb l8cbrCtary-rit-Wto, by knjr general Oi^ social Dfttefciori^ bt Edgulatioriy, tofordet toy ktidi Driserfer Or or any Class' or Desctijjtidtt df srioh Offenders, with! riefe^tot ter ihd iRfrie or fC%critostani^es of their^beifag 'ripprehtoded dr'Other<v?Sd, to be'tried1 by R(^inierital <>Ourt-ttortlai kebording to thbPhyviricriri in the1 said Section mentioned for sudh YVial, and every Vucli Dcsetter br Pdrson to u^hdm strch DesertJori or Regulation is applicable shall tbCreripon be triedknd deriltSnth acfeordiugly.

XVI. Every Deserter ftotn any Kegrment, Battalion, or Corps of Mtlitift of the^Diiitkd Kitigdoili1 Which is embodied at the Time of such Desertion or affce^ward^'shall, Whetherl he shall or shall hot have 'bedri punished for his Offence, be liable tb feervo fbrlan additidnfll Period equal to the Time Which may hate* felapsed: between th& Titrio of his !Descktiok and thoTime When lie'is apprehended or voluntarily returns his' llogirrient. Battalion, or Corps; the Period of such additional Service to Commence froth the fexpirittion of the Period for which he was enrolled, or from the Time of his Apprehension, or Return, tV^h mky list happen.

XVII. It shall be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of any' Regip)ent, Iiattafion, or Corps of Militia, pursuant, io any Regulations or Directions of the Secre$V>v-at-War, to authorize any Militia Volunteer or Volunteers belonging tQ such R^gynent, Battalion, or Corps to enlist in Her Majesty's Regular Forces, and to give to imy such V°luntec£ a conditional Discharge from the Militia, to become absolution his being ihjlsted into, attested, and finally approved for Her Majesty's Regular Forces within n Time limited by such Colonel or Commanding Officer, in pursuance of such Regulations dr Directions; and in case Such Volunteer be so enlisted, attested, and finally approved witfeiri the Xhpo so limited, his Enlistment shall be valid; but otherwise such Discharge shall be Void.

t .;

XVIII, Except as herein-before provided, 'any Militiaman who enlists in Her Majesty b ^Regular Forces, of Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or Royal Marine Forces, who, tcnters Her Majesty's Navy, during the Continuance of Iris Engagement in the Militia, shall, Jif retained to serve in the Forces in which he has so enlisted or in the Navy, as the Ca^q may be (in lieu of the Stoppages, if any, to which lie may now by Law be liable), be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary of State shall direct; but no such Militiaman so enlisting or1 entering shall be released from his Engagement as a Militiaman, or be relieved from any Liability consequent on his wrongful Enlistment or Entryx save by or in pursuance of the Order of the Secretary of State, and which Order when the said Militiaman shall be within the United Kingdom shall be given only with the Consent of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps to which such Militiaman belongs, and his Service under such wrongful

Enlistment

&!>.& Ski VfOTOKrJK,

Enlistrrient'di1'0nt^ $hdll(hot bfe m^oiied fetf1 Pension tiritil' the D.'iy'oh' iVblcW ment'fet1 tlitt1 lMilll%if«3ttiired;

831

XIX. So much of the Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of One hundred and sixty-eight, Sections Three and Four, and of the Act of the Session holden in the'/Se^teen^ Yearri of' Her Majesty, Chapter! Ono diwndcc/d arifl7eix,

Sedtioa^JFtftjt+fivB- arid/Flirty-six*! a i provides ihat Officers att^nding toi fount Oea^ti^BOortial shnllftW e(^tfcdito» pfwox Shillings' every Mile: &a? i^ngtftonsn^ diiltho

CemriJeiurinneriithfereof; the' Condlusion!of^ ther^Ei)eee(Ek^3 dff theiKCpart

shali be repealed!; and fail Officers attending to: fotmlsuohi:Goiirts)as Sivthc said!Sections riieritioobd^'ehifll beferffitled/to isaohr'Allovmnbes/ for ihieiifTravelling Expenses iongbingntO such Oowl'tHbnartild riad tretmrnrtig: therefiririi, as the S^dreftary-at^Walr Vy 0B«galrition6! may divecti-I > <>j *t '> m -hU { .; ) v ".-A *

Mi:, V, QQL->Jt iJiaU/bslwfulTor Her Majesty, in{oapp, of, >aptual invasion, or imifainept:Dagger thereof, theiliea^pbfting ^rsf qommunicated to Parliament if Parljap^nt be setting, opr decla^fld in CptlfaoU and notified by P^cjomation if P^difament bp pot sittirjg or iu being, to or<ler>^ dir^eMby Her. Epyal. Proclamation, that, 19 Addition to the Number of Private Militiaman f^thqrfefdito be jrajsed.and keptfup fm; the Militia j^a fipotlandhy fb^ Act passed if the S^siof hplden, if the* Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty , Chapter/ hundred and six, there sb^H be forthwith mised and eprolled for the, Militia in Scoidand^t\i NiumWi; OifM$k 0P to Her Majesty .sqem.fiti, epas, the whole Number of Men for fhp Two il^ng rfiBed for. ttyo. Militia-in Gotland shall not exceed {Fifteen thousand Pr}ya^ Mihrifn^nyAnd thp J^enaats; and; Dppqty Eientepfnts of dip several.QpuutipsirnScotland shall forthwith proceed to raise and enrol such additional Mop, at, such; Tiipq; qivtTji^? shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Provisions applicable to jd)rilM^itif(rotapdllft ^t^r>4 r^nrHt Jlm?se to andffpr the raising; eprpttfng,

tnrAiftifgnand ^ercdsing^nndjfho drawing? out and cnibodying 'of' thq additiewliM^ ordered And directed ta bo raised and oprplled, apd(to, the additional Men so raised J Provided aUvfysj that if shall he lawful for Her Majesty, wheneverSh, e may deem H e^ppdiqpt eo ftp dQ, tof _reducnf the whole or any Part of such additional Jfuin.bor of Men, nnd by lioyf 1 P^oqliuiniiQAitQideolarQ suph Induction^oooordingly. , : i 'j . ):i

it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in case of actual Invasion or imminent Danger thereof, to be signified by Pro-clamutipBi from such. Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, to order and dk60^ proclamation that, in addition to the Number of Private Militiamen authorised to be ra^sod and kept up in Jr^/awd py the Act passed in the Session holden in the Seventeenitn And tji^hte^nth I ears of Her Majesty, Chapter One pundred and seven, jthere shall he forth^tli raJsed and enrolled for the Militia in Ireland^ such Number of Men as to 8110)1 jLqru Lieutenant or ^hief Governor or Governors may seem fit, so as the whole Number, of

Allowances fer Travelling Expenses of Officers! lattfaWfn^ Coui^-^ria^tiiT;

IniCWanArr,

iminrnQnt.J>aaT ger ih^r^>f» -Jilaiusiy// may raa^ U^., Militia in Scotland to 15,000 Men.

Militia of Ireland may be increased in UkeiCfaflfetf Jtoi' { 4S^0! /:.:u\ ff

v!

Me^ for Uie Time bein^ raised for the Militia in Ireland shall not exceed Forty-five thousand Privaj^ Militiamen, and the Lieutenants apd1 Deputy Lieutenants of the several Counties and Places* in Ireland shall forthwith proceed to raise and enrol such additional Men, at such Time or Times as shall be specified for that Purpose in such Proclamation; and all the Provisos applicable to the Militia raised in Ireland shall extend and be. applicable; to^and for the raising, enrolling, training, and exercising, and the drawing out and embodying of fhe/additional Men so ordered and directed to be raised and enrolled, and to the additional Men so raised: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors otIreland, whenever lie or they may deenriit expedient so tp ctbjj tp reduep the whole or any Part of such additional ^fumbpr of Men, and by Proclamation to declare such Reduction accordingly. ' J f)

10 G. 3. c. 51.

1G & 17 Vict. C. 94.

J'i 11 1 -'ii

N, i,;

Provisions as to Improvements of entailed Estate? to include Erection of Cottages

Erection of Cottages td 1>e held as permanent Improvements contemplated by 11 & 12 Vict c. 36. and 16 & 17 Vict.

C. 94.

Court or Sheriff to be satisfied that entailed Estates will be permanently benefited, and

23-:& U*. VICTORIA o; 95

CAP. XCV.

An Act to facilitate the building of Cottages for Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans by the Proprietors of entailed Estates in Scotland.

[13th August 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to encourage the Improvement of Lands, Tcne-

mentSy and Hereditaments in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland held under Settlements of strict Entail, by which Act it was, inter alia, provided that every Proprietor of an

entailed Estate who should lay out Money in inclosing, planting, or draining, or in erecting jPfcrphpus^ Qfljiees or Outbuildings for the same, for felje Improvement, of hi? Lands

and ^Hqritages? should be a Creditor to the succeeding Heirs of Entail for Three Fourth Parts of1 the Money laid out in making the said Improvements; and the said Act contains various Provisions for determining the Amount and regulating the Recovery of the afore-< said Proportion of the Sums expended upon such Improvements: And whereas the [c PfoWsibns of the said Act have been in certain respects amended by Two Acts, the one f parsed in the Session of Parliament holdep in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the r Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland, and the other passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Sixteenth

and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend .' the Benefits of the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her present Majesty, for the ' Amendment of the faw of Entail in Scotland: And whereas the Second and Third recited Acts contain various Enactments providing that Monies or Balances of .Monies derived ' from the Sale of Portions of entailed Estates, or of Rights or Interests in or concerning ' such Estates, or in respect of permanent Damage done thereto, and Monies or Balances of 9 Monies invested or held iri trust for the Purpose of purchasing Lands to he entailed, may,

tinder the Authority of the Court of Session, be applied, inter alia, in permanently 9 improving such entailed Estates or Lands, or in Repayment of Money already expended in such improvements: And whereas it is expedient to facilitate the Erection of Cottages f for Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans by the Proprietors of entailed Estates in ' Scotland: And whereas Doubts are entertained how far the Erection of such Cottages is ' within the Provisions of the said, Act of the Tenth Year of His Majesty King George the

Third:' Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. All the Provisions of the recited Acts which relate or apply to Improvements of entailed Estates shall be held and construed as including and applying to the Erection of Cottages for the Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans upon such Estates, in the same Manner in all respects as if the Erection of such Cottages had been specified in the Ninth Section of the first-recited Act among the other Improvements therein mentioned.

II. The Erection of Cottages for the Labourers, Farm Servants, and Artisans upon entailed Estates, or upon Lands towards the Improvement of which such Monies or Balances of Monies as aforesaid are applicable under the Powers of the Second and Third recited Acts, shall be held to be one of the permanent Improvements of such Estates or Lands contemplated by the Second and Third recited Acts; and all the Provisions of those Acts which relate to permanent Improvements of such Estates or Lands shall be held and construed as including and applying to the Erection of such Cottages.

III. Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Creation of any Charge upon entailed Estates, or against succeeding Heirs of Entail, in respect of the Erection of Cottages, or shall authorize the Application towards the Erection of Cotfoges of any Monies in which succeeding Heirs of Entail are interested, unless the Court before

which

2 3# KIGT0BJ#L <*: , 9fc96. , 333

which Proceedings in pursuance of the recited Acts, or any of them, shall be taken shall be that Cottages satisfied that the said Estates or the sp ceding jHeirso^ Entail will be permanently benefited ^eJ*Jnsub* to the Extent of the Charge so created or Monies so applied, and that the Cottages in e^ed.y resp^t^of ^KicAf .Charge* is^re&tfed, fowahfe >the itreotion of Whlctisiich tMoriiestdte

applied, have been competed in a proper and eubatEantial Manner^ r i - >!f > !: i A

* "' \>, u-wu

r, '.r , uj \

/ \ \ ' W.'\

\ *>, *«, A r.\V - -I ..

"I "'J '

* ./ 1 t. IT f »

l"i-!T ft - - *, > ' »

; n.

T'owns Impro veiWetit Act, 1 'so M i6 "Tbwto^' qnd' Plaices in Scotland to avail themselves of rts Prby^iipps

for sanitary, ancf other Improvements, without at the same Tirpe, 'adopting its Provisions as regards the Establishment and Maintenance of a I'oliae Eorcek / i [13th 1860; ]

CAP. xcvt

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth And Fourteenth ^ear.of the R^g*n of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-three, intituled An Act to malie more ejfetkual

c. 33.

* Prbvision for regulating the Police of Towns and populous Places ip Scotland, and for

paving, dr a thing, cleansing, lighting, and improving the same: And Whereas It is expedient

to Amend certain Provisions contained in the said Act, and to extend the same in1 mahher

r hhrpih provided:^ Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by aridwith thO AdvicO rind Consent Of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons; in this present PAtBathept assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: 1 \

, X.iThej Householders; of any Burgh, Town, or populous Place, as defined in the said recited^ Act, may adopt the Provisions of the said Act relating to any Matteor or Thing thereby provided for and authorized to; be adopted, or to; any One or more of the said patters ©ri Things, although they do not -adopt the Provisions relating, to the Establishment and Maintoninfce of a Police Force within such Burgh; Town, or populous Place, in the Manner required by the said Act., i (y >

II. The said recited Act siiall be held to extend and apply to Two or juorq c^jtignous Burghs, Tqwns, or populous Places as defined in the said Act; and it shall be mw^for such contiguous Burghs, Towns, pr populous Places to unite in adopting thp Provisions of the said Act, either in whole or in part, as authorized by this Act; and such Burghs, Towns, or populous Places shall, when so uniting, be held to form One Burgh* Tow% or populous Pkoe for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act

III. It shall be lawful for, the Commissioners for any such Burgh, Town, or populous Place to make up their yearly Accounts under the said Act for the Period extending frepa the Term of Whitsunday in One Year to the Term of Whitsunday ensuing in the next Year, anji to hj, puch Accounts before the Statutory Meeting of Commissioners in, the Wopth of Augn&tva cft?h Year, and such Commissioners may, if they see fit, nominate One ^-uditpr Oflly, fo place of Tw; o, (; [

IV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if they shall find it necessary in any Year £o CommWon^rs make Disbursements for the Purposes of the recited Act beyond the Amount recovered of on

Assessments actually made and applicable to the Expenditure of such Year, to borrow Money on the Security of such Part of the Assessments as shall be due and unpaid, but not to an Amount greater than One Half of such Part; and when any Mtjney has, beep 80Jt borrowed it shall not be competent thereafter to borrow on the Security of any other Assessments leviable under the said Act until the Money so borrowed shall have been paid off; but nothing herein contained shall affect the Three hundred and fortieth Section of the said Act. T

V. At

Householders may adopt certain Provisions of recited Act without those for Establishment of Police, &c.

Two or more contiguous Burghs, &c. may adopt Provisions of recited Act.

Annual Accounts may be made up for the Year ending

an^Oi^Au^ ' ditor to be; l<

884

Proprietors may redeem Sewer Rates without being liable for future Interest on Debt.

Construction of Acts.; /

I

[Short Title.]

14 & 15 Vict. c. 70.

Periods of

Notices

shortened.

After Deposit of Draft Award Company may, upon Deposit of such Amount as Arbitrator may think fit, enter on Lands.

V. At any Time before the Expiation of the jPepipd, %^ajipg by the Commissioners, ^ncl any Expcqsps for (^hict nm ^ei^q^.-Se^f

or any Special District Sipwcr Rate or Ass^semqnt^ be$u <j)w#pr, priQcc^|4$r#f

the Premises assessed may redeem the future ^s^en.t^ley^U^ in' r^p^c^(of|ftiM^ without beitig chargeable with any of the future Interest on the Debt .ohoitmuD

VI. The Provisions -of the sai <1 A<?t.j80 jf; ^i03 tlje , /5apx<f. pvt p^: Ube

Enactments herein-before contained, shal} dq construed wifli £iicl< ^pacti^ei^ *, pp (^peiA^t.jl

VII. This Act maybe cited as "The* Police of Twv'ns (Scotlnnrfy Ahigridniefnt Act/l^GA, ' *

CAP. XCVII.

1; I l; -UOf T I V-f

An Act for amending and making potpietual the Railways Ac>t,

WHEREAS it is expedient thai ff 'J'jifl. Railways Act. (//-e/artd), ISALt-nsfouMubt amended as herein-after provided, and dhat with such Amej^menjts ithe iaidiAol should be made perpetual; , Be it tlmvcfore; enacted by, itlijc .Queeusi morib Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Copsent, of the Lords Spiritual fu|di Temporal^ anB Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, wd by the Authority (of thei aexme.m follows: > »:; I. )ii ah! /i:'l

I. The Words u Twenty^-bne'1 shall be Substituted fir the Word& ^ThMy-qrie^in

Eighth Section of the said Act, and the Wo^I^uftceil* shall bfe substituted for'{fie Words w Twentyv-owe^ ini the Ninth Section' 6fChe iatne Act.' ' l, ' t 1 J 1 1

., t; /, k t, ., i " .}[>' -.ti' n.' ill i //nl

II. The Twenty-second Sectiop of tie sa^l Act i^, hereby repealed; andiin>3ieiiithulebi be it enacted, That when the Company'are desirous, for the Purposes of their Wcjrks. of entering upon any Lands before theyWonld.be entitled toentcr thereon.fmderthe Provision^ in the eaid Aetx as ametided by this Act *, it shall be lawful for the Company, at any Tiiho after the Arbitrator shall havO framed his Draft Award^ upon depositing* bi tho Bank Ireland as herein directed such Sam or Slims as the Arbitrator may certify to bei Opinion the proper Amount to be* scy dq>bsit^d in respect of any Lands authorized lie purchased or taken by the Company, and mentioned1 in such Draft Award, of of the several Interests in such Lands in ree^ebt Of which rio Agreement shall ha^e beep come to between^ the Company and the Persons entitled thereto, to eritOrVipon and use such Lands for^th^ Purpose of the Railway and Works of the Company; and the Arbitratbr shall, upon the Request of the Company* at any Time after he qball haye framed tuch Draft Award] edrfify under his Hand the Sum or Sums which in his Opinion should bo »0i deposited by tW Company in respect of any Lands mentioned in such Draft Award, or of any such Interest^ therein as aforesaid, before they enter upon or use ^he same as aforesaid, and I tb^ Sum ori Sums to be so certified shall be the Sum or Sums set forth in such Draft Award' ab payabW by the Company in respect of such ^opds.pr of such Interests in sutoh Lands^in ^ispoct5 of which no Agreement shall have been come to betweef the Company and the Persons entitled^ thereto, or such greater Amounts as to the Al'bitrator undor the Gireunistanoes of the CaeA shall seem proper; and notwithstanding such Entry as aforesaid, all Proceedings forjnMbnfi relation to the Completion of the said Award, the Delivery of Certificates, ' and olhefr Proceedings under the said Act as amended by this Act, and Und^r this Act* ahail te hodp and Payments made as if such Entry and Deposit had not been made .: Provided 'tba4Jtb& Company shall, where they enter upon any Lands by virtue of thife prierient>Provisiwi> payl Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Purchase and ConApen^i sation Money payable by them in respect of any Lauds so eirileretl upon from the Time of* their Entry until the Time of the Payment of such Purchase Money and Compensation to the Person entitled thereto, or where, under the Provisions of the said Act as amended by

this

. 33(°m?£ -, 24?rY Y(

335

oi<»r*n* j('t

be delivered 'by thd^ohiparijr ih'refeti__________ _____ _____ _ _r

the same shtdl! bd ' 'Mco VC Vable1 id like Mapndr as1 the Principal Money meutionei

Certificate. -J IMi '"i: 'r; i 1(> V

ni'>M <u

mill

ot

J >ii:?til Jil-Al no

. r, m; f rT ^; /! (, t|'J' ] / i.oi)-)fn1-m->

f: The Tteeltityjtlfird Section. of the sfeid Adf'fy^hereby^epeale^ Mode of^> t(

icted, That1 thb Slim or Sums; to be deposited as aforesaid in respect of any Lands or Deposit.

ntarfSflt* in any Tamila idin.lL ho .naid . *, !.iT Jto .:

Court of Chancery.

lo <i'> .* j .iv(tv>rM

, rn v.v

v. /. it.rrt:

in

it enacted, That1 thb StiiA or Sums tb be deposited as aforesaid in respect of any any In^r^t^, jfwy, ehalb betlp^4 i«to the iBdiik of.

the Privity oi the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account there, to the Credit of the Company (describing the Company by its proper Name), in the Matter of "The Railways Act (Ireland). 1851 " and of the respective Owners of the Lands or of the Interests in Lands in respect of which the same is or are paid as aforesaid, subject to the Control or Disposition of the said Court, and upon such Deposit the Cashier of the said Bank shall give to the Company* or the Party paying in such Money by their Direction, a Receipt for thelsuriae. f *1 I)

IV. The TWMty^ohrth/S^ said Act fchbreby tepba^bd^ hnd iri lleAi^efe^f Deposit to

be it enac^tj, ^ha, 4ihe iSum or Sums of Money so deposited as last aforesaid shall remain in ^mai? f8 the Bank bVway of Security to the Parties respectively in respect of whose Iqtere^in JJiq to^p^ii^l, Lands1 which bhdll so httVe been Entered tnion sttcTi Sum or Sumfe shall have been deponed under Dir<p»* for the Payke^'oP'fche Mou^y'to beCbrhe1 pAyabld' bath'd Company to such Parties respec^ tion of the threly, fob their respective Interestfein subh Larid&nndbr the Afyard of the Arbitrator; aq^l the Money sbi deposited ttiajfi oh AjJpKcation by Petition of thk Company* be Ordered to be invested in! Bank Anritrirties ot Gbverriindnf Securities, and' accumulated; and Opon such Payment as aforesaid by the Company it shall be lawful for the Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon a.r .....

s&ll Kjaye befJY ?fj

to the Company;

lawful for the said Court to order the same to be applied in, such Manner as itshalf think fit for: the Benefit of the Parties for Whose Security the same riiall so havAhjeen 'deposited.

V. tf^art only of the tfands cbwiged with any Rentcharge iO* Pebr&rta Reni be required Appo^'i; *'

to be takep for thp Piypose? of the Special Act, the Apportionment of any stick Bent? or i

Renfoharge.may be settled by Agreen^nt between the Party entitled to the same and the ' /

Owner of tWRapds on the ohe ^rt and the Proipotor^f [the Underfokbg ofa-thfeathefr only of the Part, t and if such Apportionmepii be jxot, settled by Agreement the aatoes shall be settled by* D*n< *

the Arbitrator; and the Owner of tjip Beatcharge or j Fee-farm Rent shall We allithefeame is requue ' Rights and Remedies for the Recovery of such apportioned Part, as agaitsit the iLaiidsf not required for the Purposes of the Special Act, as previously, to such Apportionment; he )ha& for Recovery of the entire/ . > /; -, , m

VI. If »ny l>and^ shall %e -comprised in a Lease for a Life or Lives or for a Term of Apportion-Years uhexpinedy Part only of which Lahds shall be required for the Purposes of the Special e"t KenJ Act, the' Rent payable in respefct of the Lands Comprised in such Lease shall be apportioned, Lease^here Gf between the L«wds so required and1 the Residue df fetich Lands, and such Apportionment may Part only of be settled, by Agreement:between1 the Lessor and Lessee df such Lands on the one Part, j such i^ids is and the Proinoter8*df the Undertaking oh the other Pai-t, Ubd If such Apportionment be not reqoir so settled; by A^reimieot between ' the Parties, such Apportionment shall be settled'by the Arbitrator, and after^ suoW Apportionment the Lessee of such1 Lands shall afe to all future' accruing Rent be bftble duly to so much of the Rdnt as shall be apportlondd in-respect of the Lands not 'required for the Purposes of the/ Special'Actr^ and as1 to the Land not sp|' reqtafired, land as against the Ldseee, the Lessor shall have'tkd smiie Rights and Remedies for the Bedovfery of eiich Portion of Berit fes previously to such Apportionment he had for the

Recovery of the whale Rent reserved by such Lease; and all the Cbventvhfs, Ppnditioqs, ! and Agreetaieiits df such Lease> except as to the Amount of Rent to be paid, shall Remain in foroeiwith regard tp that Part of the Land which shall not be required for the Piu-poses"

23 & 24; VtCL - 1 Uu '! , r' "f ' 11; 1!',; n - of:

; ur, j i ..... J "'J

m

Costs in case of Traverse.

Acts to be as One Act, and to be perpetual.

[Short Title.]

Secretary of State to supers intend Census.

Act to be sent to every Sheriff in Scotland.

Registrars Districts to be formed into Enumerator's Divisions,

Enumerators to be appointed.

mu , 24'. v j-emoitm m

of.t^$peoi$l to the same M^quer as the^ would bave ^oa^ in ca»f «q\r W

beea in the Jjease. , -s, i; i r -r! . :jh

i VII, In ease upon the Trial of apy Traverse Under the RVovisiona of the esiid lAtot'ft shall 'Appear that the Sum awarded to the Traverser by the J ury shall be less than1 the! SihA awarded by-the ArbitritM1, it fehali be lawftil fott the Judge, if he shall think fit, to adjudgi that such Traverser is not entitled to any Costs of such Traverse, or that the Compariy ii entitled, to Coats pot ^ppeding the Sunt of Ten Pounds against such Tr«vfflrwr; and , V>ch 4-<b)jdicat}Qn of such Judge shall he entered, in the Crown Boot, and, Buck Copts so ayrqrdffJ shall be deducted fppm the Purchase or Compensation Money payable by.fhp CpfflPWy jt# such Travensex, or, shall be uecovered from him- by Distress in like Manner.us is provided by the Fiftyithircl Sectiaq of "The Ijands Cleueea Consolidation Act; 184£, "

, 1to, Costa payable to Promoters, ... - r, f, .-, i,

VTlT. " The Railways Act (Tretand), 1851," as amended by this Act, And this Act, shall be read together as One Act, and shall be made perpetual, and this Act shall be held to be incorporated with that Act in any Act already or hereafter incorporating that Act.

XX, This Ant may be cited as " The Railways Act (Ireland), 1860."

nncvfn

(If

h

* h njiiiiv/

I ii[; iYj(.)

CAP. XCVIII. An Act for taking the Census in Scotland.

. - , <I

. ./I

5 -.lit

, A

[20th August 1860w]

WHEREAS it is expedient to take the Census of Scotland in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excelled Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, /Mi A Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the siitff?, as follows: /

L One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall have the Care of supen-intending the taking of the Census of Scotland, and shall cause to be prepared sted printed, for the Use of the Persons to be employed in taking it, such Forms and Instructions aw.life shall deem necessary; and the Registrar General for Scotland shall issue all such Porms^nd Instructions to the Persons for whose Use they shall be intended; and all the Expenses which shall be incurred by Authority of such Secretary of State under this Act shall bp paid out of Such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

II. The Registrar General for Scotland shall send a printed Copy of this A$t to the

Sheriff of every County in Scotland, and to the Chief Magistrate of every Royal Burgh, «nd of every Parliamentary Burgh having Magistrates, in Scotland. ' r

III. Every Registrar's District in Scotland shall be formed into Enumerator's Divisions

according to Instructions to be prepared by or under the Direction of such Secretary of State, who shall cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such Instructions to be sent tOieVery Registrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland; and the Registrars with aUoonvenidtft Speed, shall divide the several Districts into Enumerator's Divisions according tonfeueh Instructions* and subject in each Case to be revised by the Sheriff of the County orthfc Magistrates of the Burgh* as the Case may be. m

IV. The several Registrars of Births, Deaths, and Marriages in Scotland shall make an& return to the Sheriff of the County, or to the Chief Magistrate of the Burgh, as the C&sp may be, a List containing the Names and Places of Abode of a sufficient Number of Persons, duly qualified according to Instructions to be prepared by or under the Direction of suc^n Secretary of State, to act as Enumerators within their several Districts, and such Persons^ when approved of by the Sheriff or Magistrates, shall be appointed by the Registrar, by any

Writing

- 23>& 24* viewyftfjj, c.Da s^r

tinderhis Hand, Enumerators for taking the Census; and the Registrar, with the like Approval, shall assign a Division to each Enumerator, and shall distribute to the fpvefld Ewmeratprs in his district the Forms and Instructions which shall have been issued Purpose by, the p.egi§trar (Jeneral, and phsJU personally ascertain that each Emwne-?§toi thoroughly jwdw^ands the Manner in ^hieh the Putieft required /of him are to be fierfoxxned., , i . ., i,

(1)V. ^Schedules shall bepteparcd by or under the Direction of such Secretary of State for Householders the Ptttpbse of being filled up by or on'behalf of the several Occupiers of Dwelling Houses s^ediUestobe fci hCrSiti-after provided, with Particulars of the Name, Sex, Age, Bank, Profession, or Houses." Occupation, Condition, Relation to HCad of Family, and Birth-place of every living Person 'WhU' abode ha every House on the Night of Sunday the Seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and also whether any were blind, dr deaf and dumb, and also wither* any, and how many, of such Persons, being of the Age, of from Eiye to Fifteen ^fie^rs* attended School during the Week preceding* and the Registrars in Scotland shall in the course of the Week ending on Saturday the Sixth Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one leave or cause to be left at every Dwelling House within their respective Districts One car more of the said Schedules for the Occupier or Occupiers thereof or of any Part thereof, and upon every such Schedule shall be plainly expressed that it is to be filled up by the Occupier of such Dwelling House, (or where such Dwelling House is let in different Btoriesur Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Persons or Families, by the Occupier of each such distinct Story or Apartment,) and that the Enumerator will collect all such Schedules within his Division on the Monday then next following; and every Occupier of apy Dwelling House, or of any distinct Story or Occupiers to Apartment in any Dwelling House, with or for whom any such Schedule shall have been left and

ps afoifesaid, shall fill up the said Schedule to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, sign andde-far as relates to all Persons dwelling in the House, Story, or Apartment occupied by him liver them to P£ her, i^nd shall sign his or her Name thereunto, and shall deliver the Schedule, so filled ^rillUme- hp* or cause the same to be delivered, to the Enumerator, when required so to do; and every Penj^ for such Occupier who shall wilfully refuse or without lawful Excuse neglect to fill up the Neglect, said Schedule to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, or to sign and deliver the same as herein required, or who shall wilfully make, sign, or deliver, or cause to be made, signed, or delivered, any false Betnrn of all or any of the Matters specified in the iaid Schedule, shall forfeit a Sum not more than Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings,

VI. The Enumerators shall visit every House in their respective Divisions! and shall Schedule* to collect all the Schedules so left within th§ir Division from House to House, so far as may be possible, on Monday the Eighth Day of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred House, anTcor-and sixty-one, and shall complete such of the Schedules as upon Delivery thereof to them wcted'if found shall appear to be defective, and correct such as they shall find to be erroneous, and shall tobeerroaeou* copy the Schedules, when completed and corrected, into Books to be provided them for that Purpose, and shall add thereunto an Account, according to the best Information which they shall be able to obtain, of all the other Persons living within their Division who shall not be Included in the Schedules so collected by them,

VII. Every Enumerator shall also take an Account of the occupied Houses, and of the Enumerators Houses then building and therefore uninhabited, and also of all other uninhabited Houses Within his Division, stating the Number of Rooms having a Window or Windows in each Houaef^ Dwelling House; and shall also take an Account of all such Particulars herein-before and to distin-mentioned, and none other, as by the Forms and Instructions which may be issued under §"ish this Act t^ey may be directed to inquire into; and in the Book into which he shall have pariA^, Bo^ copied the Householders Schedules and other Particulars, as herein-before directed, eaoh rougha, ko. Enumerator shall distinguish the several Parishes and Places maintaining their own Poor

Jdthin his Division, or such Parts thereof as shall be within his Division, and shall also istinguish those Parishes and Places or Parts of Parishes and Places within his Division which are within the Limits of any City or Borough returning or contributing to return a Member or Members to serve in Parliament, or of any incorporated City or Borough; and

Uu 2 shall

m

Enumerators, to deliver their Bopks, with the JTouse-Volders Schedules, to the Registrar.

Registrars to verify the Emm^erator'^ Books, and deliver them to the Sheriff &e.

Returns to be giveti to thef Sheriff

Counties tend 1 Chief Magistrates of Burghs.

Sheriffs of Counties and Chief Magistrates of Burghs to receive and transmit Returns.

An Abstract of Returns to be printed, and laid before Parliament

Masters, &c. of Gaols, Bec. to be appointed Enumerators of the Inmates thereof

Returns of, houseless Poor and of Persons travelling or on Shipboard.

shall deliver such Book to the Registrar of thp district, .together wUh the Ifouafdyd^ers Schedules collected by him, and shall sign a Form or ^Declaration to {fie Effect that flre^Baid Book has-been truly and faithfully _ filled uj) him, and that to the j^eat, ofliilj

s*m$ isropwpet, so far as may be known; whl(|h Fcym of Declaration bp .jpre, by or uodcr the, Direction of such Secretary of . State, and issued by the feMsirar^GS '^l&o^and Instructions aforesaid., /, \': '1 " '

VIII. The Registrar to whom such EnumerationPopkshall

the same* and shall satisfy himself that the Instructions in each Case have been punctually

fulfilled, and if not shall cause any Defect or Inaccuracy in the said Book tO^be^uppUbd, so far as may appear possible; and when the Books shall have been mado'ttk^&OeijiHflfte IeUmSb possible the Registrar shall deliver them to the Sheriff of the County or the CWef Magistrate

of the Burgh, as the Case may be, as herein-after provided. , <uns:v>ui

IX. The Sheriff of* every County and the Chief Magistrate of every l&oyal or Parliamentary Burgh in Scotland shall appoint a Time or Times, which shall ni JarlJetf >£han the Fifteenth nor later than the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight ahH

sixty-orie, for the Registrars of Districts within their respective Jurisdictions !tb attend ttt their respective Offices, or such other Places as they may appoint, with the Returns t6 Be made under this Act, of which Times and Places Intimation shall be given to the Registrars in such Manner as shall be directed by the Sheriffs and Magistrates respectively, Who shall then and there receive from the Registrars the Returns to be made as aforesaid, and cause every Registrar to make a Declaration to the Effect that the said Account has been truly and faithfully taken, and that to the best of his Knowledge the same is correct; and tile Sheriffs and Magistrates, if they see Canse, may examine the Registrars touching any of the Matters to which the Returns relate, and shall thereafter direct the Clerks of their respective Jurisdictions to endorse the same (if not previously endorsed) with the Name of the County, and District thereof wherein the Parish or Place therein mentioned la situate, or otherwise (where any of the said Sheriffs shall think proper) they shall direct the Registrar to verify the said Returns before any Justice of the Peace of their respective Counties, and thereafter to transmit the same previously to the said Thirtieth Day of April in any convenient Manner to the said Sheriffs, who shall direct the same to be endorsed as aforesaid., , j ,; , , p, .-i ] ., i , tn- k . / \, , v j A . ' '/I.

X. The Sheriffs of Counties 'and the Chief Magistrates of Rqyal or Partiamenihry Burghs iu Scotland shall, on or before the First Day of Juke One thousand eight hundred rindiri^Uy-one^ transmit the several original Enumeration Books by them received fromf the Registrars (together with a List of the Parishes and Places within their, re^ecthie Gdnntieisiaftd Burghs from whepce no Returns have been made to them) to the Office of ihq Registrar General for Scotland for thei Upeof the Secretary of State., , 1 'V.

XI. The Secretary of State shall cause an Abstract to be made of tfye said Returns ,; aed

such Abstract shall be printed* and laid before hath House* of Parliament within twelve Calendar Months next after the First Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, if Parliament be sitting, or, if Parliament be not silting, then within tpe first Fourteen Days of the Session then next ensuing.

XII. The Master or Keeper of every Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, Workhouse,

Hospital, or Lunatic Asylum, and of every Public or Charitable Institution, which shall be determined upon by the said Registrar General, shall be the Enumerator of the Inmates thereof, and shall be bound to conform to such Instructions as shall be sent to him by the Authority of One of the said Secretaries of State, for obtaining the Returns required by this Act, so far as may be practicable, with respect to such Inmates. '

XIII. The Secretary of State shall obtain, by such Ways and Means ap shall appear to him best adapted for the Purpose, Returns of the Particulars required by this Act with respect to all houseless Persons, and all Persons who during the said Night, of Sunday the Seventh Day of April were travelling or on Shipboard, or for any other Reason were hot abiding in any House of which Account is to he taken by the Enumerators, and other Persons as aforesaid, and shallincTude such Returns in the Abstract to be made by him as aforesaid.

XIV. One

1 !^e1'o^e ^ld1, ecr6tailed .of* State shall cause to be prepaid1 *a!1 TfiBlt '(^'Alife^- Tabli 6f Jil- '

— ' 1 ---ii_ i_ x1!. i ' 1_i'_-S" 'ti'-llL'xL'-vi'* V»L_J^2xLc_J.l ejilXILisir j 'friif-L. — > rvi__liIi_'<Lut'j lowftriceS tC

Enumerators ', f and other Peri

r sons employed.

of J^arliament on or before the Pirst Dky of JAf&rrAOne ihbus&hd eight hundred and sixty- .; n _ , 1 one, if Parliament befitting, or, if Parliament be ilotsitting, then within the first Fourteen

{^/6jTra6 S^felbn liheh^nCTt enifrtinig.n l, ir! (i , :t' *'1 , ! " -/r

O'- XY.'fEhenSbqriff of wd. tjip (Qh^f Magistrate of every Burgh ip Scotland

haUv.within One Caleud»r |M.outh after, |thqi .taking of the Census, certify to'jthe eaijd dRegwlxtof GttWral tfeq; of: Ahq. , tpitwMcb the lle^rar^ fepu-

merator8, Sheriff Clerks," Town CJerhs, $qd, ofbef, Ppi#ofls ^; j^ectiye|yf entiw4f'pwcprding to, the said, Table.

-S'tltPl *(n J«; V, .; !>' ./> 'l\> !/. i .l.i ) '>ui !: f v> . ) v -f V.'. «, 'ft'i-'.v :J 7 i

m:jQCVIfi3Cb^l Sheriffs; ofi Qppntie#,; <phjef, ^yal Pfi P^wenteiy

gfluxt*; tq t^.Sh^riff.^ei^s, ^{'Tw^iplp^rto jth^seweral Registry, other Pjerso^j^lpyea in, the, Execution of t^s

Act, aqeh AHowfmPPSPs shall haye been cqriifieffop he*ejmbefore jp^o^qd, together, witjh *nynec£$safly E^pwses^|Wffcd by them or any of thewm tlye Expeutjon_of this Act* /Bind (thill orife^Payment theffeqfto be made by the Qplieqtor of tpe I^anJ Tax for tye County or.other Place out of wyl Money iq, hif* JH^nd^ and fluch? QpUpctq^ shall pay the eaiqe #teoordingly; , Md, the/ Bqpeipte fo be giyqn. , by, thp; 3£nfln^tpre(.and other Pqmns, aqd R^gistra*, fwPayiWftt offtheir e^id Attowppp^,; shall bp .^liy^ed, ^o.t^h©[Sheri^ Cl^rk .f)r (Town Qeirkaia^ th^ £kpaffay: be, ^b^ahalji-aapae, togp$i?r wji^h the Bepeipt ifoiito.a^ A^Wa^pejito ftp lO^y^ral; r ^rf>vid^4 #p, th^t w, auqh, faywnt

tahaUi he t&4$iU> ms[Enu^ef^for^or , pthep Pe^of who shall be required , to act aa an /Bttumeratpi; , , w4eJ7this Aojt, but jupph P^oflu^on: of a Certificate und^r the Hapd 9f the oRegirtrW that tb^; JDptipa^qjHWd p£, faiQh; ^thjg, ap Epp-

MUnleratpr rby; this Act have; beqn faithfully perforipeu, andi the like Certifipate, shall be \'«e^uipeA jWdcr. IbPi Pftftd of: the Sheriff or Chief, Magistrate, the Case; ipay be, wi$h -ireip^t ftp tfiq Registrar^ bef°^e: P-1^ Payflaent ehali-bp ma^ej to, tjiemv; , f;

XVII. Every Registrar, and every Enumerator and other Person who shall be required -^O'ttcS a#' 'Entnncnrat^ as aforesaid, inaking vriifal Default in any of the Matters

of ftfheoai respectively by tins Act, iot ^making any wilfully (false .Declaration, shall "*for every sdehfwilfol DefenH ef falsoDeclaration forfeit a Sum n6t exceeding Five Pounds ^nor less thah Two Poonds. //; i-co*: M, *

Payments h> 1 be (Certified tti <he Registrar' Oetfehili' n

; ..... - rt

Mapne? in. whiab tbp, ?^-meutsabaJiba made to Pan- sons employed

in execution, of this Act.

Penalty for wilful Pcj&uit-

Xvht The Enumerators and other Persons employed in. the Execution of this Act shall be authorised to ask all such Questions as shall be directed in any Instructions to be prepared by or und^r' the Direction of the said Secretary of State, which shall be" necessary for obtarnid^ the Returns Required by this1 Act; and Cveiy Person refusing to answer or wilfully gttdng'a felse Aii^w^er io such Questions ot*!any of them shall'for every such Refusal or wilfully false Anewet forfeit a Sum riot exceeding Five Pkninds nor less than Twenty Shillings. '

|3CIX Ail Penalties imposed by. this Act shall be recovered in a nummary Manner before TwqjTustices of the Peace or Magistrates haling Jurisdiction in the County or Place where pffence Js committed, in the Manner^ prescribed by La\l in this Behalf; and shall, be y p*^ One Haff fo the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer of the County or Place For which the Justices before whom the Forfeiture is recovered shall have acted, tq be by him applied in aid of the Expenditure.

"Sheriff'' shaft include Sheriff SuWtitute, v and the Wotds "Dwelling ^jlptouse"jshall^incline all Buildings and Tenements of which the whole or any Part shall be )(^sed for the' pppose of Human Habitation,

Penalty for refusing Information or giving S»l*e k Answers.

Interpretation of Terms.

[if.i; .-'I.

rl: i:ImI v.[i i

rr, _ \

o«0 .VIX

m

17 & 18 Vict c. 102.

21 & 22 Vict c. 87.

22 & 23 Vict c. 48.

Duration of Act

So much of certain Acts as authorizes Secretary of State in Council to direct raising European Forces for Indian Army of Her Majesty repealed. Provision as to certain Persons who have served in India.

23° & 24° VICTORIA£, c. 99, 100.

CAP. XCIX.

1 t % t; (r L f

An Act to continue the Corrupt Practices Prevention Act (1654).

i 7 [20th Augiwt

WHEREAS an Act Was passed in the Session holden in the Seventeenth^ upd

* " Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One Hundred and two, to^conspnd^te

" and amend the Laws relating to Bribery, Treating, and undue Influence at l£lectipq8:of

" Members of Parliament and such Act was amended by an Act of the Session holden ' in the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eigh^y-sevepr f c And whereas the said first-mentioned Act as so amended has, Tby an Act of the Sepsiop holden in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years ^)f Her Majesty, Chapter Fortyj

" " - - ' id

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority' of the same, as follows!

The said first-mentioned Act, as amended by the said Act of the Twenty-first mk Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, shall continue in force until the Tenth Day oi August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

Mf 'U

\r

CAP. C.

An Act to repeal so much of the Act of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Victoria, Chapter Twenty-seven, and of certain other Acts, as authorizes the Secretary of State 'm Council to give Directions for raising J&uropean Fbrcek for the Indian Army of Her Majesty* [20th August \ 860.]

WHEREAS it is not expedient that a separate European Force should be continued

* for the Local Service of Her Majesty in India: Be it enacted by the Queen's fhOsV

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern--poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of thej same, as follows: j

So much of the Act of Parliament of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-seven, intituled An Act to repeal the Thirty-first Section of Sixteen and Seventeen Victoria, Chapter Ninety-five, and to alter the Limit of the Number of European Troops to be maintained for Local Service in India, and of any former Act or Agfa of Parliament, as renders it lawful for the Secretary of State in Council from Time to Time to give such Directions as he may think fit for raising such Number of JEuropean Forces as he may judge necessary for the Indian Army of Her Majesty, is hereby repealed: Provided always, that the same or equal Provision for the Sons of Persons who have served in India, and the Advantages as to Pay, Pensions, Allowances, Privileges, Promotion, and otherwise, secured to the Military Forces of the East India Company by the Act of the Twenty-fitst and Twenty-second x ears of the Queen, Chapter One hundred and six, Sections Thirty-five* Fifty-six, and Fifty-eight respectively, shall be maintained in any Plan for the Reorganisation of the Indian Army, anything in this Act contained notwithstanding .; '

28f° s&(2r>viciPomrjK; /c; m? m.

air

./ChA P4 >CI.» An Act to cptttinue the Poor Law Boards

[20th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter v, t One hundred and nine, Provision^ were made for the Constitution App^vntfapnt 'df Commissioners for administering the, Laws for the I^elief of the Poor in England^ and the Appointment , of other Officers, which Provisions have beenl continued until tba ''Ehd of the present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that such Provision should Tie' further continued for a limited Period: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen s most Excellent Majesty^ by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and.Tem

6ral, and' Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of ^hesatoe, .: s t . 1 1 t .<-1 .>

Jth^t the Commissioners appointed by Her Majesty the Queen, or to be appointed by Her The Poop Law Idajeaty, ljer Heirs and Successors, under the Authority of the said Act, together with every Person by the said Act constituted in virtue of his Office such Commissioner, and Three Years. every Officer and Person appointed or to be appointed by the Commissioners under the Provisions of the said Act, shall be empowered, unless he shall previously resign or be l^dtooVed; tty hold hte Office and Exercise the Powers therteof Until the Twenty-third Day of /

One thousand eight hundred and Sixty-three, and until the Expiration of the said last-mentioned Period it Bnall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Htefrfe and Successors, frotn Time to Time, at pleasure to remove the Commissioners for the Time being appointed by Her Majesty, or to be appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of such Commiwuongr to appoint, aria the said Act is described, some other fit Person to the said Office.

CAP. CIL

An Act to provide for the Management of East India Stock, and of the Debts [addf Obligations of the Government of Indiaf at and by the Bank of England*; [20th August 1860.]

WHEREAS under their Charter the East India Company are directed to cause an - Accountant to keep a Book or Books in the Public Office or PIkce of Meeting of same Company, and therein to enter the Amount of the Capital Stock of the same t Company; and it is by the Charter directed that the Method of making Assignments (t apd Transfers of the said Stock shall be by an Entry in the said Bonk or Books in Forms prescribed by the said* Charter, and that the Entry Bigned as therein prescribed, and nd 'v other Way or Method, shall be the Manner and Method used in the passing* assigning, \ fo? transferring the Interest or Share in the said Stock and Fund: And whereas by the Act of the Third and Fourth WilKam the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five, it is enacted, 'that put of the Revenues of the British Territories in India there shall be paid to or V^taiped l}y the said Company a yearly Dividend of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings pet.

Centum on the Capital Stock of the said Company: And whereas it is expedient to empower the Directors of the said Company to make Arrangements with the Governor. j and Company of the Bank of England for the Management of the said Capital Stock by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and for the Transfer thereof at the said Bank: And whereas it is expedient to enable the Secretary of State for India iu ' Council to defray the Expenses incident to such Arrangements Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty Arrangements the Provisions contained in the said Charter which require the East India Company to £or Transfer of

keep Stock of the

m

East lridlsU -wit Comply/ and '

IttMHM*' MI

tbdfe^ttftt'lhe Baflbaf Ea*-: 1 lanft, .mT-i I

JHT*T(11

.no'n-nil

tO 7*Trt*T>'*X i:ibirl T»t *rt».»< of 'i'jiui ) t!1 ril I! './«

to H , f»; ? T, *lot Mfl|.l1J, l.*l

-Iini'. Iii'Mi: ' i

Secretary of State for India in Council to pay to the East India Company the Sum agreed to be paid to the Bank of England.

Powers of Attorney existing previous to the 31st Dec. 1860 not to be defeated by the Act; and the Bank of England authorized to act on any Powers lodged with the East India

Eitaence of " tHS TOle to ' Stock may tc ' required W the Bank. M

Secretary of State for Intjia' in Council to pay the Dividends half-yearly to the Bank.

I 0 /

Secretary of State for India in Council to make soch Arrangements as shall be deemed expedient with

XOBiM 2T .VJOTOKUE, fc£ 102.1

koepfBaokiMUtlkd Public Offideoto Placbof Meeting ef tho Company For f tHb» CapRalnStdokl *>f - the Company* and which; delate to^thbiMdth&dj and? Fdrffl; 'df mfeikih^ Ajsstgumfehtg <and iTraniflerfc»of'tte»8^ Stocks in thesaidBcJoks, shall edaseto bo!of'fbri&l tod 11 fcbfe i Deflectorof\ the East I Ividict iG6iripa*ry. line1 hereby; brnpowerpd ' la thake! AthfctfgeL taea4&)with thfe Gh>vernon<tod Company of the Bank of yEhgimd fort thd MttHttgenierft bf tW>8%W j&pitai^ttKfckyithe Qdiernbir and Company of the Bank \ofrEn$lM&; a!hd: for thfe Transfer thereof, and the Payment of the Dividends thereon at the said Bank on and after the First Day of Se^ternberp^e^ thousand eight hundred, and, sixty, pr so soon afterwards ria B^'muhd'^ ]V^anper and Forin^' an«d ypop such Terms and

Condition's, and for such Remuneration, as may appear to the said Directors expedient and equiiablel/aHfl mutually agreed upon by them and the Governor and Company of the 'Btok Hf Entfldtld, ' subject to Rip 'Consent of the Secretary of State for India in Council, sb'fkFas rmtefc' tti the Amdunt or such Remuneration.

II. The Secretary of State for India in Council shall half-yearly, at the same Time that he shall pay to the East India Company the Dividend on the Capital Stock of the said Company due and payable to "the said Company under the Act of Third and Fourth of William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five, pay also to the said Company out of the Revenues of India such further Sum as may have been mutually agreed upon by the Directors of the said Company and the Governor andtiinpany <of the Bank of England, with such Consent asf aforesaid, as thp. Remunertoop to be paid rby thp said Compwiy , for thq Expenses Duties underlaid'by lh^ Company of the Bank of England under this Act.

III. In the event of such Arrangements as aforesaid being made with the Govern^ and Company of the^Bank of England, all Powers of Attorney for Transfer of any Sh^re in tta Stock, or for*'Receipt of the' Dividends thereon, made or executed at^anJy'Tmfe Wfotfe Uie TMrty-fi^st of December Ofie thousand eight hundred and sixty, shall fye as, valid flh^'efiyctuaf as if this Act had not passed, and the Governor and Company of' the Sank ctf ^to^'toehei^by authorized and required to gi^e effect thereto in the same Way ai^ East India Company woald1 have been authorized and compellable so to, do if this A^tj had hotTpaissed1; and the $Uid Governor tod Company shall he and they are hereby indprrf-tufi^d ftom any Act done by them in reliance on or on the Authority of any such Pb\yer^ or of any Power of Attorney which may, previously to the taking effect of such Arrange-ipe»^hayo:hpeB dodged? to the OffiieeofUbe Epat Zw&a Company.

IV. IU the event Of such Arrangements as aforesaid being made* the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, before allowing any Transfer of any Part of the said Stock dr the; Receipt 6f any Dividends theyeon, shall be at liberty to require Evidence of the Title of toy Proprietor to any of the said'Stock or the Dividends thereof, and sucl^ Evidence shall be the Declaration of competent Persons, to be made ih pursuance of the Act of the Sixth William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-two, or Of such other Nature as the Qovprpor and Company of the Bank of England shall require. 5, 1

V. In the event of such Arrangements as aforesaid being made the Secretary of State foi; India In Council shall in the Month of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty, tod in every subsequent Year, So long as the Dividends on the said Capital Stock shall continue to be payable. Fifteen Days at the least before each of the half-yearly Days pn which a Dividend on the said Capital Stock becomes payable, out of such Monies as majj be applicable to the Payment of the Dividends, cause to be paid to the Chief Cashier for the Time being of the Bank of England to the Credit of the East India Company thp Amount of the Dividend payable to the said Company under the Act Third and, Fourth of William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five.

VI. The Secretary of State for India in Council shall be and he is hereby authorized from Tirte to Tfeie1 tb make such Arrangements with the Governor and Company of th<> Bank: of England as shall be deemed expedient for the Payment at the Bank of England o the Debts and Obligations contracted by or on behalf of the East India Compaq* am by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for India in Council, both in India and Great 1

r . /a + Btitaxn,

23ZU 2t\mCXTnmX, *& 102/103.

ofltbeTatarpelrntP edcrtte ^tfharedri/andifb'ri tibe Girifitioni add'Registihtion and Tmarafei f^aidilthfe'Puyment of lolerdsfc rin^: anyfptorik irito wmoh "fcnysucll phUgMWriWl may-j be IbotivjwtibU, I >and-ifor ithri Appointment of. Oneormore Person or *EtefWWW. foU i tbcPrirpeae^idroitingi Bills, yob :helmlf><ff-thu Secretary' of Statu In Council W j5wfe, oUgphr thte GOTtatic CteriBraljididithri Gonrennord bfnthe several Presidencies of /rt^m'irfcspeptivply, \and >1 othfervrfeet in. rejntioriI to the Management of euch Debts and

iafl(t>e 1 la^fyi' for thej^cretarypf, ^tate ior Inkia in from Time to

Tifee fo Open at; &P'. i3ankj f of| England such Account qr Account? for the Payment of .ralrCiit' Demjincls as be m^y (}qepi expedient. suclV Account or Accounts to be kept in sjucu Nabfi^ Naibes, and clra\yn upon by such Person or person?, auj in such Manner, asraaj frott^Tiiri^ to Ti me be directed by the said Secretary. oif State in Council, which Accounts shall be deemed public Accounts. 'lI 1; ii^1, i 1

i(t omiT 'Jim; - :>:I; V .<; ri" *

i M, -

\ Hn .4

!C A R CHI.

of the

$ Ten puj.of it^ie Consbli

ear One thousand eight hundred and sixt

3^r '?rbWft, W]W" ^4 1 pubjeotf, Y»e Ownppi^ of, tha U mted Kingdom

" ' At fJnim/ #</hi //»i <n nn/J 7ii //<n/i in. Knvliamnnf nflOAmhlnn ^Anrnw/ln mA Vm/w iViA

11

Fund to the

EUld Sixty .: / *: T

LII, .v ib .fftaament ^embled^.towards; ipaking , goo|. tho

up^fy(^lych, Jyie jiay^ <0ran, tfe^..to Xour.^jeqty ii^ t^is Sosmdu, of Parliament,

have ^solved "rant uptft Xour Jd^jesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do there^ forp .beseieeli.i^odr, llfyeqty it may be , eqaqted; /.and be it enacted by the

C^u^en s niost p^eelient Majes^ by ai^d with the Ad, Vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

m:tms, present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority 6f 'the samel, as follows; ., ., ,

I. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply

ranted to Majesty fjor the .....

heSumofT ' '

ie .Service of the Year One thousand, eijght hundred and sixty, illions out'of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain andi Ireland^ and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the; United Kingdom of (xrjat Britain apd /rc/aarf, pr the .Lord High Treaseret of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and trelqnd, for the Time beipg, are, or is hereby, authorired aipd empowered to | issue and apply the; s^i^u^r£iogly.,

II. It shall be lawful for the' etnd Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time^by ^arrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be n^ade out at the jBeceipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer; at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money notj exceeding in the whole the Sum of Ten Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall he made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like, Rules and Directions, as are directed-and prescribed in an Act passed in the Fqr ty^ightl^ of thp Feign of, His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in

mother Act passed in the Sesaon. of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His lojfce Majesty King William, the Fpurth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

Ipf. All and, every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures^ and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied end extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance, of this Act, as fully _ and effectually, to all I'nteqts and Purposes^ as if particijlapy repealed and jer-en^cted iit this Act

M\Sa & 24 Vict. X x IV. The

343

the Bafiklaf Buglaixlfor > Payment oi the Debts and Ob* I ligations of the Government of India, and shall Interest thereon.

Secretary of State for India in Council to open Accounts at Bank of England for Paymentofcur-rent Demands.

There shall be applied for the Service of the Tear 1860 the Sam of 10,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fond.

The Treasury may pmuw

10,000,000H of Exchequer Bills to be made oat in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. C.I., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict c. 66.

The Clauses, &o, in recited Acts extended to this Act

t» 23^ & 2>l° VICTORIAE; i. 103, 104£

Intm*a IV. The Exchequer Tttils to be made ootid pursuance of this Act shallaud ttiity bfea*jfattf

BUI. I. hot exceeding the Rate of Threepence THaHpddiiy her CtntUni per Din# opod etf ifi";

respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein; 1 I

Ba&fc offittg* V. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ettghitid, land may J and they are hereby empowered* to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills anthemed I mo^eWof; <*i to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty* at^thej th i Creditor Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by thi^ Ah#; ddnot* out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdoth of Great Briiaik and JWfejttf, any^ 5 acwfa M. Sofa-oa Sums of Money not exceeding in the wh<3e the Sunk of Ten Millk>ri&, hnythite; rav c. 20. an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King Wittialk and Qaefcti Matp

Chapter Twenty, or in apy other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstendifagr A 11 \

Bills prepared VL It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and "they' by virtute 6f are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared^ ddivmSli^e virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of Bank as Seen- the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for rity foranefc any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and/

Advances, Company of the Bank of England\ under the Authority of this Act /

Monies raided by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Mpney to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due therein, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland* fat any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Excl^ecuier 5 Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majeff^a 1 Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised, from Time to Time, by i Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit # on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shatt be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by t virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

Trustees may apply Portion of Grants

CAP. CIV.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Royal College of Saint Patrick at nooth to make Provision for certain necessary Buildings and Repairs.

[20th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is necessary to make Provision for certain Buildings required to complete the unfinished Royal College of Saint Patrick at Maynooth, and for the annual

Repairs of the said College: " Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent; Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and - Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, »t follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Trustees of the said College, with the previous Sanction in* every Case of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time to

apply

2.V & 24" VICTORIAE, 1.104, 105.

345

apply to tjbe Purposes of such Buildings and Repairs the annual Sums provided by the towards Nt*| Section of the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter1 i^8 and ^#' Twenty-five, or any Part of the said Sums, pair8,

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, with the like previous Sanction, to advance from Time to Time, and for the said Trustees to borrotv on the Security of the said Sums, such Monies as maybe necessary for the said Purposes, supb Advances to be repaid out of the said Sums at such Periods, and at such Rate of!

Interest, and by such Instalments as Monies advanced by the said Commissioners under an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-two, are by' the Thirty-seventh Section of that Act made repayable.

III. Nothing in this Act Contained shall authorize any Expenditure to provide Accommodation in the said College for a greater Number of Students than the Number authorized bpthe wad flrat*roentioned Act.

IV. The ProviSons of the Eighth and Ninth Sections of the said first-mentioned Act shall apply to any Buildings to be erected, enlarged, improved, fitted up, or furnished by Monies advanced by the Commissioners under the Provisions of the Second Section of this Act.

Comnussioaj&rs i of Public, Works to *4- i, Money i on Security of Portion of; Grant applied, towards

in^s and j pain.

Accommodation for, \ i: r Students.

: I: 8 & 9 Vict. c. 25. ss. 8, 9, to apply to Buildings pro* A vided for under thif Ac^, r

CAP. CV.

An Act to provide for the Management of the General Prison at Perth, and for the Administration of Local Prisons in Scotland.

[20th August 1860.] '

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of Her,

* present Majesty, intituled An Act to improve Prisons and Prisons Discipline 2 & 3 Vict.

Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign c-42 *

of Hpr present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend and continue, until the First Day of 7 & s Vict September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one9 and to the End of the then next Session c- 34«

of Parliament, the Law with respect to Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland; and another Act was passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Year of the Reign of Her present

Majesty, intituled An Act to amend certain Acts for the Improvement of Prisons and u & 15 Vict.

Prison Discipline in Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that the Laws for the Adminis- 27

tration of Prisons in Scotland should be consolidated and amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and Recited Acts sixty, the recited Acts shall be and are hereby repealed, and this Act shall commence and "d

take effect. take effect.

II. The Repeal of the recited Acts shall not be held to repeal or in any way affect the Repeal not to Enactments of an Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Her 21

present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics, 1C c' and for the Provision, Maintenance, and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums in Scotland; and where in any Enactments of the last-recited Act, or of any other Act which shall continue in force after the Commencement of this Act, any of the Acts hereby repealed is cited or referred to, such Enactments Shall be interpreted as if this Act were cited or referred to therein.

[Short Title.]

III. Tins Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Prisons (Scotland) Administration

Act, 1860."

Xx 2

IV. The

iptopretitj'onl oftepwi j

[Junk removed.]

Appointments, Claims, and Obligations under repealed Acts to continue, , ty

Rules 9? existing to continue until altered.

Sterttery of ' State to be substituted for General Board of Prisons in Boles.

if«

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 103.

.11]

IV. The following Words and Expressions used in this Act shall in the Cp^trwtiom thereof be interpreted as follows, except where the Nature of the Provision or the, Confect shall be repugnant to such Construction:

The Word " Prisons" shall include all legal Prisons under this Act, whether Administered by the Managers appointed in Terms of this Act or by County Boards, but shall not include Military Prisons, Police Cells, or other Places of Detention^ *npt administered either by such Managers or by a County Board:

"Local Prisons'' shall include all legal Prisons under this Act, not administered by the said Managers:

The Expression " Classes of Prisoners for which a Prison is legal " shall include all Descriptions of Civil and Criminal Prisoners, other than such as are excepted in the Declaration, Order, or other Proceeding by which the Prison is tendered legal:

u Burgh " shall include and apply id the Oitie6, Burghs, and Towns which are Royal lkufghs^ <wr! wt»6h spud or [contribute Hurghs tqse, n$ a; ^ar"

t*1 *'(')(!TI f

lianent;

Off cult

Town- Councils^ shall include the Lord J^royost, or Provost or (phxef Magistrates i iMiij Magistrates and CouaoUof Buigl^p (f; T; ., f; (.....

" Magistrates " shall include the Administrators of* the Affairs of a; Burj r " Sheriff" shall include Sheriff Substitute:

tandw$W Rarf* pf1 a''; Cbdfity"''ehill'* include and ajiply ta; afC^n(t^(flQtfie dCCthe Burghs situated thereinr 1 ' T ' 1 .-n'rniH.O

f CSyU Prisprier^ 'eh&Il Inblttde all Persons1 imprisoned for^ Civil Debts dtie to Subject©; l f. Prisoners for Debtfc or Taxes due io the Crbtvn, not being Pfe&es OrPenttlties indicted

l / 4

, /li ill

dr

Convlption of Qffe stance 'of. Creditor

on Instance

ences:

Prisoners on Meditatione fug*e Warrants giSuited art! the editors for Performance of Civil Obligations} 'Prisoners Ad/ faetiiifa praestanduni; Prifeopers .gntil they find Caution to return to Service p aaU Prisoneiis "j Jl . until they find Caution uhder1 Writs of Law Borrows: . ' 1 ' ''> e:\ "hi r«I/i

11 " Criminal Prisoner^ shall inblude all other Descriptions of Prisoners*: v -C: c-, .iO cu; ilt " Administrators of a Prison" shall mean either the Managers of the General PrisdmoFh - i f i /County Board, as the Case may be: jj y

ofii)^ MedicalPractitfon^r." rfvall mean a Person' re^tered in, T'Onps. of ap Act ppsedrin (!i /r t the Tweritydirst and Twenty-second ^ear of; thq R^igp pif jSer pr^sehi Majje^ty, bin: , t iatitulod An Act toregiClafe the Qualifications of Practitioners in Medicine qyd, Sn^rgerjf^ Mind an Act passed; in tho Twepty-sepond Year the Reign of Her p^s^of ^t^es^y,

i r intituled Act to tmend the Medicql Act (1858.)y (h(E

Y, AD Appointments made under the recited Acts, except 4n so far as the sthae iafre (Superseded by this Act, shall remain until the same are legally revoked or altered; tod' nil Claims which have been created, and all Obligations and Penalties which have been inbutrfed under the said Acts, and are not superseded by this Act, shall continue to be effectual; »Ad all Orders lawfully made but not fulfilled, apd all Matters left incpmplete Jby thje Repeal of the Baid, Acts, shpll be brought to a Conclusion under this Act, except in so far as. the dame are superseded thereby.

Rd^es bo?, P^pp^e

to

..I

VT. All Rules for Prison^ in Bt&tidnd tthicb have been1 'cerfMed under1 thefHhnd 'bf, One of Her Majesty^ Principal Secretaries of State, rtnd; Have not been Superseded bf othfer j Rules so certified^ shall, except in so far as the same are superseded by this Act^ne the Rules for Prisons in Scotland, and as such shall be binding on all Putsdns Sybom 'th^ 'nliy

concern.

) d-

VII. When the Words " General Board" are used in such Rules, }n, applying the to Local Prisons, the Words " One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries otf!Sate n be substituted therefor: Provided that the Intimation required by such Rules to _te nawtejof an Escape or of a sudden Death shall be made to the Crown Agent. } i \ ' |t 'jj>

Ylli Where

Xi11 .0 -3r.

VIII. Where in any Prison any Relaxation or ^Modification of any of such Rules shall Iftf^'ji^Obih^efldeiiifetit df this1 Act) 'have been authorized? by thfeiGYfiefat Baird o^PirefcJors bf-PWsiiidJfcudh'Riiidifehafllb^'enforced in1 eoahiPrisqn subject UeMsudbjReb^cation ot Modifif-cgtion. until the same are revoked by the Adoption:of any new Rules underiihej Brotitfeite

In. ? im -W-ri V^k !'.«. If odT

State to alter, modify, w; 'supersede (any Rule applicable at pie Tune ' to any Prison in

wfpjpft ^"gASS*is*s

to Prisons in Scotland generally, issued under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal o[f ^tatepsbail ])e; spepifUy pommupicated to the ^dministtatdrs or'ev^ty Prison SStffWgb Wfif ^pplj and published in the Edinburgh Gazette, iuid shall thcriaflterbe binding

Ml

!W* '

of BtfiST

continue.

Secretary of State empowered to alter Boles, or make new Rule *

Ir-tnSl :_YU: // 1, , : t- .CQWTZ P^Sf^ BP^P*: , .c firb.d lid-"; V , .'l

n:i. 'there shall be ifn each CountyiVCfainty PrisonBoardj prodddedthatforthe-Purposes jof this Act Ofjtney and Zetland shall as heretofore be taken to be separate Moralities; and xfi£ feriVeralMbunty Bboards in existence at the Commencement of this Act shall ^coafcniue to be the County Boards under this Act until the FirSt Abpoihtment* of County Bodida under the Provisions fh^of.''- " / I, 7, 7>

.-cdnapti of the NUmbbfl $f! Mejnhers set forth in reforepqq, to spell County in the Sqhediily (A.) liujneiied-toitthis'A«tr anfdi shell be chosen. by the Compfissiopers of| supply of each. County, *ottby ittoh Gominiflaiotters and the Toiwn/Council. of. apy Burgh, pr Burghs situated in the ffikamty^/aceoirdiag'ftQ thfl. Proportion peft forth in thei said Schedule:, Provided that the Sheriff <4nd* in, his Abeenpe* One Sheriff Sifoetifcute of the County shall, in addition to the Members so chosen, be ex-offieio, Members, of the County Board; and where there is more than One, the Sheriff Substitute whose Appointment is the earliest in Date shall be guch iMembeh'I - ' "

County Board for each County; and Orkney and Zetland to be separate.

County Boards to be chosen by Commissioners of Supply and Magistrates of Burghs, and to consist of Numbers set forth in Schedule (A.)

As to Election of County Boards.

the Y^ar One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, rind in every feubfeequent Year; and ^he Towh CouhdilsW the several Burghs authorized to* elect Member# of Cohnty Boards shall also elect such Number of Members as they are by this Ac^'authoiferid W^elect in the )'Moth<o£(jd^r»V Ctoa thausapd, eight hundred and sixty-one, ancji in every subsequent *5£ear;

Hanftrfche Members df every County Board shall remain in Office until the First Meeting of the Board elected in the ensuing Year, and qlt each uew Election any Member of sp<|h i>Board maytbe re^deoted,

(T Each County Board shall hold theifEir£t Meeting1 rit such Plkce Within the Cdiirity

as may be fixed by the Sheriff, and on such Day not earlier than the Day on; which the Commissioners of Supply hold their Annual Meeting in April, and not later than the1 Month of May, as the Sheriff shall fix; and of the Day and Place of such Meeting due Notice shall be given in Two Newspapers in general Circulation hi the County; and such Meeting may i be ^Jdiirued; fcad at such Meeting each County Board shall elect: One of, their; ^wnj Num-rbfar to hej their Chairman and Convener provided that until such Chairman is elrict^d Chairman.; l ?) (the Sheriff of the County, qr, in his Absence the Sheriff Substitute, shall be Chairman^ apd v the jChaii^aU shall^ln'eaae of an Equality of Vote& have a Double or Casting Vote; apd each* County Board shall from Time to Time hold their Meetings at some Place within the County, and shall from Tijne to Time fix the Rules by which their Proceedings shall be

Meetings offj County Boards.

, J HW^inagement of thh several Prisons within the County, of for the Pei'foi'mMioe df Ilte aetveCal lret[Tiiited to be performed by such B6ard, and fix the Qaoruxn thereof, wiki miy delegate to such Committees &ich Powers os they riay itj; the eamet being eapneated

oioiiY/ .1117 ' in

hvernfed; axld each County Boafd may appoint Committees'of their own. Number I fo^ the

- - - and Quomm-of

iGoanty Boards.

Lists of Oouatj Boards to be transmitted to Secretary of State.

Powers and

Duties of County Boards.

Appointment of Clerks and Treasurer.

Offices under County Boards to be held at pleasure.

Power to County Boards to grant retiring Allowances as prescribed in 22 Vict. a 26.

Secretary of State may dismiss Persons employed by County Boards, or in Prisons.

Prisons and other Property of existing Boards vested in County Boards under this Act.

County Boards may acquire Property, sue and be sued, &c.

28° & 24° VICTORIA c. 105.

f I

ia tho Minute of their Appointment; and Three shall be a Quorum Of such County Boards.

i I . ir

XIV. On or before the Day of the First Meeting of each County Board the Cleifc

thereof shall transmit to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, a Statement of the IjTame and Place of Abode of each Member of such County Board. I

XV. In every County the County Board shall have the immediate Superintendence ^»|1 Management of the Local Prisons therein, in Terms of this ^.ct and of the Buies jp, forpe for the Time being in virtue of the same; and such Superintendence and Management shaft include the building, altering, and repairing the said Prisons, the transferring the Site of any Prison to be rebuilt from One Part of the County to another, providing Food, end; all other Articles of Consumption used therein, furnishing Instruction and Employment tQ; the Prisoners, and the Appointment of Keepers, Chaplains, Medical Officers, Clerks^ and Teachers, and all other Persons proper to be employed in the Prisons under their Admiaisr tration: Provided always, that the Chaplains to be so appointed to the General Prison and Local Prisons aforesaid shall be Ministers or Licentiates of the Church of Scotland.

XVI. Each County Board shall appoint a Clerk of the Board, and may when necessary appoint Assistant Clerks, and appoint a Treasurer; and the Persons sq appointed shall perform all such Duties connected with their respective Offices as they may be directed by the County Board to perform with a view to carrying this Act into effect.

XVII. Each County Board shall from Time to Time fix the Salaries and Allowances of the several Persons in their Employment; and all Persons in their Employment shall hold their Appointments at the Pleasure of the Board, and shall be liable to be at any Time disj-misecd by the Board, and on such Dismissal shall be bound immediately to vacate any Premises belonging to the Board occupied by them.

XVIII. It shall be lawful for any County Board, if they think fit, to pay to any Officer or other Person in the Employment of the Board, who by reason of Age, Infirmity, or Disease has become unable properly to discharge his Duties, a retiring Allowance not exceeding the Scale prescribed in Section Two of an Act of the Twenty-second Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Laws concerning Superannuations and other Allowances to Persons having held Civil Offices in the Public Service, and such Allowance, when granted, shall be a Charge on the Assessment for current Expenses: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to grant such retiring Allowance to any Pers6n under Sixty Years of Age, unless upon Medical Certificate, on Soul and Conscience, under the Hands of Two Medical Practitioners, that such Person is incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body to discharge the Duties of his Office, and that such Infirmity is likely to be permanent

XIX. Any Person in the Employment of any County Board or employed in any Prison in Scotland may at any Time be dismissed by an Order in Writing under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, after such Inquiry as to him may seen* proper, and it shall not be lawful to pay a retiring Allowance to any Person who has been so dismissed.

XX. All Local Prisons, all Heritable and Moveable Property, all Monies* Goods, and Effects, and all Bights of Action possessed by County Boards at the Commencement of this Act, shall be vested in and be possessed by the County Boards respectively under this Act, until such Possession shall be altered by due Course of Law; and all Local Prisons hereafter built, and all Lands and Tenements acquired by County Boards for the Purposes of such Local Prisons, shall be the Property of the Prison Board of the County within which the same are situated.

XXI. The several County Prison Boards may acquire and hold Heritable and Moveable Property, Monies, Goods, and Effects; and all Titles, Securities, and Investments and Evidences taken for the same may be taken to the said Boards by the Name and Description of the Prison Board of the County wherein the same shall be established without further

Description;

28° & 23° iWCTOMjE. ft 108. 889

ap>d ^1 P^pefty* Monies, Goods* &pd Effe^ts whiph »baU h*ye beerilOr may be So vested, and the Titles and Securities thereof, shall be deemed to be held for the Uae Jdf such Boards for the Time being, and shall pass and be transmitted to such Boards fqr the .,

4piii^ being, without the Necessity of any Conveyance or Assignation from One Board to, 1 i i

hfldth^r^and M^ry County Board may, for all Purposes of Civil or Criminal Action pi* - ., n: i Diligence, or Reference or Arfcatration, institute, defend, or enter into Civil or Criminal 1

Proceedings in the Name of the Board or of their Clerk for the Time bqing; and no tuoh, j

Ptoceeding shnll discontinue or abate by reason of any Vacancy in any of the said Office^ ,; . i

jbiit 1mhy be insisted in, to all Intents and Purposes, in the Name of the Boaifd or of then: i J

TJlerk f6r the Time being.

XXlt No Member of any County Board shall derive any Profit or Emolument, directly Members of tn^itidiTectly, for himself or any Partner, from his Office, or from the Expenditure rhade by the Board bf Which he shall be a Member in the Execution of this Act, nor shall he qc profi?from personally1 liable for tiny thing1 done by him bond Jide in virtue of his Office in the Execution Office.

&f rtkte Act or in the Exercise of the Powers hereby conferred; and no Sheriff or othelr Sheriffs, &c. Judge shftB be disqualified from acting as such in any Civil or Criminal Proceedings which not disqualified, may be brought before him by reason of being a Member of any such Board.

1 XXI1X The Commissioners of Supply and the Town Councils of Burghs authorized to Power to s^ appoint Members of County Boards shall severally have Power from Time to Time to supply ^ycTunwCleS any Vacancies which may occur in their Appointment of Persons to form a County Board; Boards S>m and it shall be lawful for each County Board from Time to Time to supply apy Vacancy Time to Tupe* which, may occur in the Office of their Chairman and Convener; and it shall not be held to '

mvalidatje the Acts of any County Board that any Commissioners of Supply or Town 1 \

Councils of Burehs have failed duly to appoint the several Numbers of Persons authorised to be appointed by them as Members of County Boards, and each County Board may act if Three Members thereof shall assemble.

Tt # ' . ' A; *' *

t XXIV. In case any Convener or Commissioners of Supply of Counties, or Persons appointed or directed by them, or auy Town Councils of Burghs, or Persona appointed ct 4irecte|d fry them* or any County Board, or Persons appointed oar directed by them, shall tomwitmonen ^refuse or neglect to do what is herein required of such Persons respectively, or in Case in of Supply, -any County there shall be no County Board, or in case a County Board shall refuse or cii* &c., imd neglect to carry this Act into effect, or in case any Obstruction shall arise in the Execution Failure of of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Advocate of Scotland to apply by Summary Peti- County Board, tion to the Court of Session* or during the Vacation of the said Court to the Lord Ordinary on the Bilk, and the said Court and Lord Ordinary are hereby authorized and directed lfa such (jase to do therein as to such Court or Lord Ordinary shall seem just and necessary for the Execution of the Purposes of this Act.

r, Local Prisons. r

XXV. The several Prisons which under the Powers of the recited Acts have heretofore Prison* "been administered by County Boards, and shall exist as legal Prisons at the Commencement

of this Act shall, for the several Purposes and for the several Classes of Prisoners for which for which thoy they were legal at the Commencement of this Act, continue to be legal Prisons until their were legalized. Condition as such shall be altered under the Provisions of this Act; and every Declaration 1

by the General Board of Directors of Prisons, or other Procedure rendering a Prison legal which shall be effectual at the Commencement of this Act, shall continue to be effectual,;

and shall be binding on all Persons concerned, as if the same formed Part of this Act, until ouch Declaration or other Procedure shall be revoked or altered under the Provisions of 4hia Act.

XXVI. No Transference of a Prison to a new Site shall be competent, and no Addition No material ball be made to the Accommodation of any Prison, and no Part of any Prison shall be

taken down to the Effect of altering the Accommodation thereof, unless with the Consent in ottt Conaentcf fWrijting of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. Secwaaxy of

XXVII. It

I

Secretary of State may alter legal Condition of a Prison, or legalize new Prison.

Procedure when there is no Prison for all Descriptions of Prisoners in any County.

Procedure when Prisoners are committed to Prisons legalized for short Periods.

Procedure where there is no Prison, or only a Prison for limited Purposes within a Burgh or other Jurisdiction.

Disposal of Premises ceasing to be Prisons or not necessary for Prison Purposes.

Assessment

for current Expenses.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 105.

XXVII. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by an Order under his Hand, to render any Local Prison no longer a legal Prison, or to alter the Classes of Prisoners for which any Local Prison is a legal Prison, or to render any new Building a legal Prison for the Classes of Prisoners included in such Order; and every such Order shall be published in the Edinburgh Gazette, and in Two Newspapers circulating in the District to which it applies, and shall be effectual on and after a Hay named therein subsequent to such Publication.

XXVIII. When the Terms of any Order affecting the Classes of JPrisoners for which a Prison is legal are such that when it comes in force there shall cease to be in the County to which it applies a legal Prison for all Descriptions of Civil and Criminal Prisoners, a Prison in some neighbouring County shall be named in such Order to which all Prisoners who would otherwise be confined in such first-mentioned Prison, but cannot be so by reason of the Change in the Classes of Prisoners for which it is legal, shall be removed, and all such Prisoners shall be removed in Terms of such Order by the Prison Board of the County from which they are removed as if the Removal were to another Prison in the same County; and the Expense of the Removal of such Prisoners, and of their Maintenance and Detention in the Prisons to which they are removed, shall be a Charge on the Assessment for current Expenses of Prisons in the County from which they are removed; and in case of Dispute the Amount of such Charge shall be fixed by the Crown Agent.

XXIX. When a Prisoner, having been convicted of an Offence, shall be committed until he pay a Penalty or perforin any other Act, to a Prison which is only legal for the carrying out of Sentences of certain short fixed Periods, it shall be lawful for the County Board to remove him to another Prison, as if he had been committed under a Sentence for a Period beyond that which could be lawfully carried out in the Prison to which he is committed* ,

XXX. When any Judge or Magistrate having Jurisdiction iwithin any Bur^h, Town, or Place forming Part of a County shall in the legal Exercise of his3 Jurisdiction; granta Warrant for the Imprisonment of any Person, and within the Rounds i ovOr rwhich his Jurisdiction extends there is either no Prison or only a Prison in which, by reason of1 the Classes of Prisoners for which it is legal, sneh a Warrant cannot be carried into effect, it shall be lawful for such Judge or Magistrate to direct that the same shall bfe carried into effect in any other Prison within the County, and the Warrant shall iheteapon be as effectual as if the Prison named therein were within the Bounds of such Judge or Magistrate's Jurisdiction.

XXXI. In case any Local Prison or a Part thereof shall be discontinued by ceasing to be a legal Place of Confinement under this Act, the County Board may sell the same for such Price as they may obtain therefor and convey the same to the Purchaser: Provided always, that when the Building so discontinued as a Prison forms Part of any Building used for other Purposes, the First Offer of the same shall be made to the Persons having Right to the other Parts of the Building at such Price as may be agreed on, or in case of Disagreement as may be fixed by Valuators appointed by the Sheriff of the County; Provided also, that the County Board may give up any Building so discontinued as a Prison, or any Part of the Ground or Buildings belonging to them, which may not be required for their Prisons, without receiving any Price therefor, if the same is to be used for the Purposes of Court Buildings or of a Reformatory of a Police Office Station House or Lock-up.

Assessments.

XXXII. The Salaries of the several Persons in the Employment of the County Boards the Expense of the Maintenance of Prisoners in the Local Prisons within the County, and generally the current Expenses of the Administration of such Prisons, shall be defrayed by Assessment upon the County and the Burghs situated therein; and such Assessment shall be of such Amount as the County Board shall from Year to Year and determine1 at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, which may be either at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose in the Month of March or April, or at any other Meeting held not late* than the Month of September in every Year; and such Assessment shall be called the

Assessment

12.

2^'i'24srVibfio^Yifi/-c^(feT.

Apseesmenj; fep .ijWent' £*pfen^s; , Provided that*(where b{i^i^fi^)ig(;

th^ Frispn of any County notj being the County in \yhich the Crime for vyhicji Pjj*iBqn^pt hM (been 90'confined (was cojpnntted, ^iich County, shall' , gai, (J by tl^e Co^ty. jjqtfel w^cn the (/time was committed the Expense pfmaintaiuing sqch, Pri^of^r duping .pppjb) Con^nement5 and casp of Dispute the Amount of sqch Payment. shall, he £*$4. byjtbfh Crown Agent.' ' ..... " " ' ^, t ti .; I; j|(:

V. v,)

Vi.ii.

h<, h; Imi«) in , ikj-.:-t' l t<> »vvii *s'it i ..iimiU

XXXIII. At any Meeting tq bp held, for that Purpose, whic^ may be, efthq:jtb^Fjret Building .; (f-Meeting of the Board after their Appointment: or any other; Meeting, bel4 n9jt. Ifft^sr L f 4

the Month of September thereafter, the County Board may al^o impose an Asse?1^ fo£j T " s '

the Year for the Purpose of defraying the Expenses of 5051^0116110^.0^pJWFifJft , #qy ., -1 ?.

Local Prison within the County, or of acquiring Panda for such purpose; , pnd suon Assess- i > >

ment shall be called the Building Assessment: Providedtjpatj no snqh.Building A§$e£sq^nfc. shall exceed the Amount which, as set forth in the Tvyenty-firat Annual Report jof ^h#

General Board of Directors of Prisons, presented to both, Blouses of Parliament, w&^.jPT; mi«ht 'legally have been estimated for as a Buildii^ Fnn^ before the CommenPW^nti^f thl? Act for such County, unless fhepame ^bfdl In Terms of any Agreement that Pffect laid before the County Board be consented to by the Commissioner of Supply of such County on behalf of the Landward Part thereof, and by thp^Tp^n, Council ipf; .

Burghs situated therein entitled to choose Members of the County Prison Board on behalf of their respective Burghs, and it shall appear that the Persons on, whose Behal^sdch, , : i ':

Consent has been given shall have contributed or been liable to contribute not less thait! V. n...

Three Fourths of the Assessments imposed on such County and the Burghs rituated 1;

therein.

XXXIV. When any Assessment has been imposed by a County Board, the 6lerk of Clerk of the the Board shall forthwith divide and apportion the total Amoimt thei^Pf between the Peace*ap- Landward Part of the Gotmty and the Burghs situated therein, according to the total Ytdue[

of Lands and Heritages on which the immediately1 preooding Assessment lftjr ' Prison' of Assefataietti Purposes) was levied or leviable, in such Landward Part and in each such Burghf and '^6*^ 1 within Eight-Days after such Assessment has been imposed lie shall transmit' to the Con-?of^my J veners of the Commissioners of Supply of the County, and to the Chief Magistrate of each1'the Bwghs Burgh situated therein, a Notification of the total Amount imposed, and of the Proportion therein, of sudh total Amount to be paid by the Landward Part and by each Burgh Respectively; ' to the County Board. ' r

XXXV. If a Building Assessment for any Year appear to be necessary fort*by Cotirfty, Court of Ses* and the County Board shall fail to impose the same previous to the First Day of October. it Bu^°D6r^ shall be lawful for the Court of Session, or either Division thereof, 6n a summitry Petition segment to be presented at the Instance of the Lord Advocate or of any Member of the County Board, raised when to give such Directions and Orders to the County Board in regard to the imposing or

levying of a Building Assessment as to them may seem fit. J ) £ oimpose

XXXVI. Every Assessment under this Act shall bedevied upon the Lands and Heri- Assessment to tages within the County for which it is imposed, and the Bunghs situated therein, according ^leviedon to the vyeariy*Y*hie of ^ucKLandf and Heritages as established by the Valuation Rolls in Heritages ac-force for the Year of Assessment under an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth cording to Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Valuation 6f Lands

and Heritages in Scotland, and an Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Year of £^7

the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Act Seventeenth, ajid Vict. c. 91. and,

Eighteenth of Victoria for the Valuation of Lands in Scotland, or either of the said Acts. ^°5^2l Vict-

XXXVII. Every Assessment under this Act shall be payable for the Period from Assessments Whitsunday of the Year in which the same is imposed to the ensuing Term of Whitsunday: Payable forth© Provided th*fc if there shall be any Deficiency in the Funds available during any Year for wh^unday to current Expenses, the same may be made good in imporing any subsequent Assessment; Whitsunday, and if there foe any Surplus of Funds for current Expenses at the Term of Whitsunday, the8

same may be applied to the current Expenses of the ensuing Year,

23 & 24 VICT.

Y7

XXXVIII. The

352

Assessments to be remitted to County Boards.

Commissioners of Supply to levy Assess* merits in Landward Part of County.

Assessments may be levied on Proprietor or Tenant, and when of small Amount may be postponed for Two or more Years.

Magistrates to levy Assessments in Burghs.

Common Good and Revenues of Burghs may be applied in Payment of Assessments.

Assessment within Burghs to be divided

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 105.

XXXVIII. The Persons charged with the levying and collecting of the Assessments as herein-after provided shall remit the same to the County Board free of all Expense and at the Risk of the Remitters; and any Portion of an Assessment which shall not be so remitted within Eight Months from the Date of the Notification shall bear Interest from and after such Term.

XXXIX. The Commissioners of Supply of each County are hereby charged with the levying and collecting of all Assessments under this Act, in so far as the same are leviable on Lands and Heritages in the Landward Part of the County; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after Notice as aforesaid to the Convener of the County, to assess and levy and collect or direct the levying and collecting of the same, together with such further Sum as may be necessary to cover Expenses of Assessment, Collection, and Remittance, and any Arrears, with Interest thereon, of preceding Years, and any Deficiency on account of Exemption from Assessment; and the said Commissioners shall proceed in such Manner, and by means of such Collectors or other Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint.

XL. Assessments on Lands and Heritages in the Landward Parts of Counties may be levied either on the Proprietor or the Tenant; but the Tenant, in case of his paying such Assessment, shall be entitled to deduct the Amount thereof from the Rent payable by him: Provided always, that where such Assessment on Houses shall be of small Amount, it shall be competent to the said Commissioners to postpone the Collection of the same, to the Effect of collecting Two or more Years Assessment on Houses at One Time, as they may think proper: Provided also, that it shall be lawful to exempt from the annual Assessment to be levied on Lands and Heritages in the Landward Part of any County any Property the annual Value of which shall not exceed Two Pounds Sterling, on account of the Property of the Owner thereof.

XLI. The Magistrates of each Burgh are hereby charged with the levying and collecting of all Assessments under this Act, in so far as the same are leviable on Lands and Heritages within their respective Burghs; and the Magistrates of each Burgh are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after Notice as aforesaid by the County Board to the Chief Magistrate, to levy and collect, or direct the levying and collecting of the same, together with such further Sum as may be necessary to cover Expenses of Assessment, Collection, and Remittance, and any Arrears, with Interest thereon, of preceding Years, and any Deficiency on account of Exemption from Assessment; and they may proceed in like Manner and with the same Powers and Right of Action and Diligence, and of using Summary Warrants and Proceedings for the Recovery of the same, as may be competent with respect to any Municipal or Police or general Assessment with which the said Magistrates may deem it most expedient that the Sum apportioned as aforesaid should be laid on and collected; and any Board or other Public Body which may be directed by the Magistrates of any Burgh to levy and collect the said Assessment are hereby empowered and required to do so: Provided that in any Burgh or Part thereof in which there may be no Municipal or Police or other general Assessment, or in any Burgh in which it may appear to the Magistrates to be inexpedient to levy the Assessment hereby authorized along with any other existing Assessment, they shall collect the same in such Manner, and by means of such Collectors or other Persona as they shall from Time to Time appoint

XLII. Provided always, That in any Burgh in which the free yearly Proceeds of the Common Good Property and Revenues thereof may be judged by the Magistrates thereof to be sufficient to pay the Sum, or any Part thereof, annually apportioned on such Burgh as aforesaid, after defraying the ordinary Municipal and, Police Charges and Expenses and other annual Burdens chargeable on such Common Good Property or Revenues, including the Interest of Debts due by such Burgh, it shall be competent to the Magistrates thereof to pay so much of the Sum bo apportioned on such Burgh as is due by that Part of the Burgh entitled to such Common Good Property and Revenues.

XLIII. Assessments within Burghs shall be payable by the Tenant or Occupier of the Lands and Heritages assessed; but the Tenant or Occupier by whom suchr.Aflgo^ment shall be

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 105.

be paid shall be entitled to deduct One Half of such Assessment from the Rent payable to the Proprietor or Person by whom such Property was let: Provided always, that One Half of such Assessment may be levied directly from the Proprietor of Lands and Heritages assessed within the Burgh: Provided also, that where the Rent is under Five Pounds the Magistrates of any Burgh may remit, on account of Poverty, the whole or any Part of the Assessment authorized by this Act to be levied from any Tenant or Occupier of Lands and Heritages within Burgh.

XLIV. The whole Powers and Right of issuing Summary Warrant and Proceedings, and all Remedies and Provisions enacted for collecting, levying, and recovering the Land and Assessed Taxes, or any of them, and other Public Taxes, shall be applicable to the collecting, levying, and recovering the Assessments under this Act; and all Sheriffs, Magistrates, Justices of the Peace, and other Judges may grant the like Warrants for Recovery of all such Assessments in the same Form and under the same Penalties as is provided in regard to such Land and Assessed Taxes and other Public Taxes; and all Assessments imposed in virtue of this Act shall in the Case of Bankruptcy or Insolvency, be paid out of the First Proceeds of the Estate, and shall be preferable to all other Debts of a private Nature due by the Persons assessed; and Interest may be charged on any Assessment, and Proceedings taken for the Recovery thereof, on any Day either before or after the said ensuing Term of Whitsunday, provided that if such Day be before the Term, a Notice of the Amount payable shall have been delivered to or left at the Dwelling House or Place of Business of the Person liable in Payment Two Calendar Months before such Bay. J

XLV. The Boundaries of Burghs for the Purposes of this Act shall be the Boundaries thereof as the same are ascertained and fixed under the Provisions to that Effect contained in the following Acts; viz#, (1) an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Valuation of Lands and Heritages in Scotland; (2) an Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Year of the Rfeign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Act Seventeenth and Eighteenth of Victoria, for the Valuation of Lands in Scotland; (3) an Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to provide for the Extension1 of the Boundaries of Burghs in Scotland, and to remove Doubts as to the Right of certain Persons holding Offices to be registered as Voters for Municipal Purposes.

XLVI. Any Dispute which may arise in adjusting the Boundaries of any Burgh, and any Dispute which may arise in imposing or levying the Assessments authorized by this Act between the Commissioners of Supply of Counties or the Magistrates of Burghs, or the Assessors, Collectors, or others acting under them, on the one Part, and any Person aggrieved on the other Part, for the Settlement of which Dispute no Provision shall be made under the Authority of this Act, and in case it shall not be convenient to raise and determine the same in the Sheriff's Small Debt Court, shall be determined in a summary Manner by the Sheriff of the County in which such Dispute shall arise, who shall on a written Petition being presented to him by the Procurator Fiscal, or by any of the aforesaid Parties, appoint the Parties to appear before him, when he shall hear them, investigate the Matter in dispute in such Manner as he may think proper, and decide the same summarily; and the Decision of such Sheriff shall be final, and shall not be liable to Appeal or to Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction, or any other Form of Review.

XLVII. The County Board of each County shall before the End of every financial Year publish detailed Accounts of their Receipts and Expenditure under and for the Purposes of this Act, which Accounts shall be printed, and a Copy thereof shall be furnished to the Commissioners of Supply of the County and to the Town Council of every Burgh situated therein.

XLVIII. For the Purpose of erecting and maintaining Local Prisons, and paying the Expenses thereof, the Commissioners of Supply of Two or more Counties, and the Town Councils of the Burghs situated therein, shall have Power to form a Union of their respec-

333

between Proprietor and Tenant.

Warrant and Proceedings for Recovery of Land and Assessed Taxes applicable to Assessments under this Act.

Boundaries of Burghs for Purposes of this Act shall be as fixed by 17 & 18 Vict. c. 91., 20 & 21 Vict. c. 58., and 20 & 21 Vict. c. 70.

Dispates arising as to Assessments may be summarily settled by the Sheriff.

Accounts to be published.

Counties may unite for erecting and maintaining Local Prisons.

As to Arrears of Assessment in Orkney.

Special local Arrangements in Ross and Cromarty, and Nairn.

County Boards may contribute to Reformatories.

Managers of the General Prison at Perth.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 105.

five Counties in manner following: The Proportion in which each County is to contribute to the Expense of such Prison, the Method of Management thereof, which maybe by a Committee jointly appointed by the County Boards interested, and all -other necessary Particulars, shall be set forth in a Minute or Agreement certified updet' the Hrind of the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the respective Counties, and such 'Minute or Agreement on being published in the Edinburgh Gazette and in Two Newspapers circulated in the Chunties So united, shall be binding on all Persons a? if the spe were Part of this Act; and when any such Union shall be formed, .qud when ap, Order under1 $e' Hand of Ond ctf Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries pfState, fixing thie (glasses of Prisoners for which' such Prison shall be legal, shall take effect as herein provided, it shall be lawful for the Sheriffs and oth&r Magistrates of the Counties forming the Union to exercise the same Jurisdibtibii with respect to such common Prison, and thS Removal of Prisoners fo an<l from the syne, iff it were locally situated within their respective Counties, and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to the Removal of Prisoners to and from such Prison, as if the Counties so united were One County: Provided that the Prison of Fort William shall continue to be, to the Purport and Intent to which the same shall at the Commencement of this Act be, a Prison for the Use of the Counties of Argyle and Inverness respectively.

XLIX. Whereas Arrears of Assessment for Prison Purposes have long been due by the f Landward Part of the County of Orkney, and it is doubtful whether any considerable Portion thereof could now be recovered from the Parties originally liable therefor, or their Representatives: It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of the said County, along with any Assessment to be opposed and levied by them under the Authority of this Act, to impose; levy, and collect on and from the Proprietors and Tenants of Lands and Heritages in the Landward Part of the said County, such additional Sum as thfey shall think fit towards Payment of such Arrears; and such additional, Sum, shafi be apportioned on the Lands and Heritages in such Landward Part in the s^ipe Manner as, the Assessments authorized by this Act J and all the Provisions of this Act applicable tty Assessments and the Recovery of the Sutns assessed shall fee applicable to each additional Sum. 1

L. The Commissioners 6f Supply for the Counties bf Rost vtoftCdomkrty, krid also* for that Portion of the County of Nairn which is locally situated in thoCotintyof R/isa, shall meet together for the Purposes of this Actat the usual Place -of^ Meeting of date/ Commissioners of Supply of the County of Ross, and shall exercise the Powers conferred by this Acton Commissioners of Supply with respect to the said Counties of Ross and Cromarty and the said Portion.of the County of Nairn.{, / :U > r., , *f tv

REFORMATORIES; - v; , ,;

., r M # ..I...

LI. A County Board may, with/the Consent of the Commissioners of; Supply of such County, resolve to contribute tb any Reformatory: fel ony Part; of Scotland which feas been certified by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in Terms of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Care and Reformation of Youthful Offenders in Great Britain, and on such Resolution, stating the Name of the Reformatory to which they propose to contribute, being transmitted to the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, he shall intimate whether be approves or disapproves of such Resolution, and if he intimate that he approves thereof, such County Board may from Time to Time pay over such Sum as they may think fit to the Directors and Managers of such Reformatory, and such Sum shall be a Charge on the' Assessment for current Expenses: Provided, that if at any Time such Secretary of State shall notify, his Withdrawal of .such his Approval, it shall no longer be lawful for the County Board to contribute, to such Reformatory.

Managers of the General Prison.

LII. The following Persons shall be and are hereby appointed Managers of the General Prison at Perth, any Two of whom shall be a Quorum; viz., the Sheriff Principal of the County of Perth, the Inspector of Prisons for Scotland appointed under an Act passed in

the

33° & 24° VICTORIA c-10, 5. 355

the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for effecting greater Uniformity of Practice in the Government of the several 5 & 6 W. 4. Prisons in England* and \Vales, and for appointing Inspectors of #Prisons in Great Britain, 38* the Crown Agent in Scotland for the Time being, and On£ Person who shall be appointed and may be removed by Her Majesty, and shall receive such Salary as shall be fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, not exceeding Sevien hundred Pounds a Year; and such last-mentioned Person shall also discharge all the Duties of Secretary to the Managers; and, except as Herein-provided, the Managers shall not derive any Profit or Emolument fyr the performance of any Duties under this Act, nor shall they be personally responsible for, anything done bona fide in the Execution of this Act, or in the Exqroise of the Powers herein, contained.

LIII. The Managers shall; have such Office Accommodation* and such Assistance of Office Accom-Clerks, Office Keepers, or Messengers, as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may from Time to Time direct.

LIV. Thfe Managers shall defray the Expenses incurred in the Performance of the various Expenses of Duties and Functions hereby committed to them out of such Moneys as may be voted by Parliament for such Purposes respectively, and shall render their Accounts for such Extendi- ow pai ture to the Commissioners of Audit, in such planner and at such Periods as the Commissioners of Her M^nstyV.Xrflasijry, mpy,) t, / 1

, tV. Eroni ancT aftertfie Commencement' of this Act the General Prison at Perth as at General Pri-the said Date Heloiiging to and vested in the General Board of Directors of Prisons, and all son at Perth, Rights of Property, ^Action, or Recovery relative thereto, and all other Lands and Heri-

tages at the said Date belonging' to qnd vested in the said General Board shall be and are thereto^vested hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public in the Commis-ppildings for th^ Purposes and subject to th A Provisions of this Act: Provided that it shall ^°ksand be lawful for the Managers to sue for, recover, and discharge all Debts or Sums of Money Public Build-due to the said General Board at the Commencement of this Act, mid to receive from the fogs, said Generali Board albMoveable Property, Records* and Documents belonging thereto, and 'to hold-and dispose, of the same for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions of this Act 5 and to any > Directions to be given; relative thereto by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries Af State.

' i '

LYI. It shall be the Duty of the Managers, and they are hereby authorized and Managers to empowered to bring to Completion all Matters and Proceedings left by the General Board of Directors of Prisons uncompleted at the Commencement of this Act; and they shall finished by receive from the said General Board, and remit to the several County Boards any General Board, Balances of Moneys raised within such Countiesjby Assessment in the Possession of, or at the Order, or under the Control of the said General Board at the Commencement of segments to this Act. County Boards.

LVII. s Whereas it is expedient that the Statistics regarding Prisons and Prisoners in Provision for Scotland should continue, as heretofore, to be collected and digested, and laid before Par- ^ecting^ar Iiament in a tabular Form The Clerks of the several County Boards shall and they are herehy required to transmit to the Managers such Returns as One of Her Majesty's Principal son Statistics. Secretaries of State shall from Time to Time direct, applicable to the Amount of Prison Accommodation in the County, the Number of Prisoners, their Ages, Sentences, Educa-tiifn^r Condition, Health, Conduct, Casualties, Prison Punishments, the Receipts and Expenditure connected with the several Prisons* the Observance of the Rules, and other similar Matters.

LVIII. The Managers, or any One or more of them, may, with the Authority in Writing Provision for of such Secretary of State, proceed to any Prison and inquire into the Condition and ^dTfonTnd Management thereof/ and may require Access to all Documents therein or in reference Management thereto, and may require the Attendance of any Witness, by Service by any Sheriff- of Prisons.,

/ . s . .., Officer

Return of Sentences of Imprisonment to be made to Managers, as in Sched. (B.)

Annual Report to be made to Secretary of State by Managers.

Managers, subject to Instructions of Secretary of State, to have the Administration of the General Prison.

Rules to be made for the Staff of the General Prison.

Classes of Prisoners to be confined in

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 105.

Officer or Constable of a written Intimation to such Witness personally of 'at his usual Place of Residence, and may examine such Witness on Oath; and any Person interrupting such Inquiry, or failing, when required, to produce any Document, or to attend or give Evidence, shall, on summary Complaint and Conviction before the Sheriff, be likble to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds* or to be imprisoned for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days.

LIX. When any Criminal shall have been sentenced the Clerk of the High Court bf Justiciary, if such Sentence shall have been pronounced by the said HighCourtyortheOterk of the Circuit Court of Justiciary, if such Sentence shall have been pronounced by the Circuit Court of Justiciary, or the Sheriff Clerk of the County, if such Sentence shall havef been pronounced by the Sheriff, shall within Eight Days after such Sentence shall have been pronounced make a Return thereof to the Managers, which Return shall be in the Form of the Schedule (B.) hereunto annexed. " 1

x

LX. The Managers shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of February in every Year, make and transmit to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a full Report of their whole Proceedings during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of December preceding, and an Abstract of their whole Receipts and Expenditure, classifying the separate Articles thereof; and in the said Report, or in the Appendix thereto, there shall be set forth all new Rules or Alterations of Rules for Prisons which shall have been made by such Secretary of State as aforesaid, any Orders -issued by such Secretary of State constituting a new.Prison or altering the Classes of Prisoners for which a Prison is legal, and such Information and Statistics regarding Prisons in Scotland as such Secretary of State may require; and a Copy of every such Report shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Fourteen Days after the Fifteenth Day of February, if then assembled, or if Parliament shall not be then assembled within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting thereof.

General Prison and Custody of Convicts.

LXI. The Managers, subject to the Provisions of this Act, and the Rules in force in Terms thereof, and also subject to such Instructions as they may from Time to Time receive from One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall have the Administration and Government of the General Prison at Perth, and shall from Time to Time visit the said Prison: Provided that One or more of the Managers shall once at least in every Month see and communicate with each Prisoner, shall examine the Books, Accounts, and Documents kept in the Prison, shall inspect the Prison Premises and Stores, shall examine into the Conduct of the several Officers, shall investigate all Complaints and alleged or apparent Abuses, or Deviations from the Rules, shall inquire into the Cause and Nature of every Punishment that has been administered, shall ascertain how far the Health, Education, and Industrial Training of the Prisoners are in a satisfactory Condition, and shall make a Report in Writing, under these Heads, which shall be laid before and specially considered by the Managers and Visitors.

LXII. Besides such Rules for the Government of the General Prison, and for the Custody, Discipline, and Dietaries of the several Classes of Prisoners therein, as may exist at the Commencement of this Act, or may thereafter be adopted, Provision shall be made by further Rules for the Method in which the Establishment of Officers in the said Prison shall from Time to Time be adjusted, and for the Appointment and Dismissal of such Officers, and the fixing of their Salaries; and until such Rules come into force no Appointment or Dismissal of an Officer, and no Alteration of an Officer's Salary in the said Prison, shall take effect unless the same be approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

LXIII. The General Prison at Perth shall be a Prison for the Reception and Detention of Prisoners sentenced to Imprisonment by the Courts of Law in Scotland, and also for the

Reception

23?:&, 24? VICTORIA, c. 105, 357

Reception and Detention of such; Convicts under Sentence or Order of Transportation or the General of Penal Servitude, as Her Majesty may please to direct to be removed to such General Prison-Prison under the Powers contained in an Act of the Tenth and Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law , as to the Custody of Offenders; lo & n Vict. and of an Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, c* 67* intituled An Act to substitute in certain Cases other Punishments in lieu of Transportation; 16 & 17 Vict and of an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to atnetd ike Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth, Years of Her 20 & 21 Vict. Majesty, to substitute in certain Oases other Punishments in lieu of Transportation. t c*3 *

LXIV. From and after the Commencement of this Act, when a Sentence is pronounced Sentences of by any Court of competent Jurisdiction adjudging any Person to Imprisonment for a Period of Nine Months or upwards, such Sentence, whether the General Prison at Perth be to be carried mentioned therein or not, or whether the Name of any other Prison be mentioned therein out in the or not, shall be deemed to be and is hereby declared to be a Sentence which may be carried Gneral into effect in the said General Prison, unless such Sentence contains a Clause especially declaring that the Prisoner shall not be removed to such General Prison; and any Person undergoing a Sentence which may be so carried into effect in the General Prison may be removed thereto at any Time in Terms of the Provisions of this Act for the Removal of Prisoners; and if such Sentence adjudge the Prisoner to Hard Labour for any Period, Effect shall be given to such Adjudgment in the General Prison, so far as the same has not been carried into effect m a Local Prison.

LXV ' Whereas by an Act of the Fifth Yeax of the Reign of His Majesty King George Provisions for the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain, Her g^no^Con-( Majesty is empowered to appoint Places of Confinement within England and Wales for Male vict Establish- Convicts under Sentence or Order of Transportation; and by the herein-before recited mentsap-

Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, to ^imder substitute in certain Cases other Punishments in lieu of Transportation, it is provided that Statutes. c the Power to appoint such Places, of Confinement, and other Provisions of the foresaid Act, shall extend and be applicable to and for the Appointment by Her Majesty of like

Places of Confinement in any Part of the United Kingdom for Offenders, whether Male ' or Female, sentenced under the Provisions of such last-mentioned ActIf at any Time Her Majesty shall be pleased to appoint such Place of Confinement in Scotland, the same shall be a lawful Place of Confinement for such Offenders, whether Male or Female, under Sentence or Order of Transportation or Penal Servitude, as Her Majesty, under the Powers of the herein-before recited Act to that effect, may be pleased to direct to be removed thereto; and all the Provisions of the beforenrecited Acts relating to such Places of Confinement, and to the Persons confined therein, shall be in force in any Place so appointed in Scotland, so far as the same shall be applicable thereto and are not superseded by the Provisions of this Act; and such Place of Confinement shall be deemed a Prison for the Purposes of this Act, and all the Provisions herein contained relative to the General Prison, so far as the same are applicable to Persons under Sentence or Order of Transportation or of Penal Servitude, shall apply to such Place of Confinement.

Removals of Prisoners.

LXVI. When, by the Order, Declaration, or other Proceeding by which a Prison is ren- As to Removals dered legal, certain Prisoners other than the Class for which it is legal are appointed to be co^bow^ removed to another Prison within the same County, such Removal, as well as all Removals of 7 Prisoners from One Local Prison to another within the same County, shall be carried out by or under the Direction of the County Board; and all Persons employed in such Removals shall obey the Instructions received by them from the County Board, so far as the same are consistent with the Provisions of this Act; and the Expense of such Removals shall be a Charge on the Assessment for current Expenses.

LXVII. Save

358

As to Removals of Prisoners by Managers.

As to Removals under Order of Secretary of State.

Prisoners removed General Prison mfcy be taken back to Local Prison.

Not to interfere with Removal by Court of Law.

Persons who are entitled to visit Prisons.

"I t

Removal of Prisoners diseased or in Banger of Life to Hospitals, Ac.

33° jk an vc crroRLffi, m.

LXVII. (Save las foereip excepted, all Removals! of Prisoners .from onePtoisoto in' Scotland to another Prison in Scodurtd\ and all Refcnovals of Gonviots sentenced toTmndportation or to Penal Servitude ftoud any PrfeoA ihifit^Zdniitoi any Ode of Her Majesty's Prisons or Penitcn-tiariesiiri[England, ini virtup.of WdrratitSigrknted by (One Of MOr Mstjeafcy's Principal Secretaries of State uindor tie Provisions of dhelStaitotei tothat Effect^ shall the lodnriedout by oil under thOIDirectionlof^ho'Maiiflgersjt who miy/issiienReguk^ Instriuetietas for roafrryiag out

such Removals, and fix from Time to Time the Remuneration and Allowances to beipcfidlto the Persons employed therein; an 1 such Regulations and Instructions shall, so far as the same suce not ineeteistentWith the exiiting* rLam oriSttitute^y/be-bin^pg on] t\it iPejpfeohs to, whOcoi any miohn Wajfrotts >byvQ*der Of Her,; Majesty?fc Principal .Secretaries iof -State* , «re addte^sedLII ahdi all^ btherliP^raohoa*-.«ndjqplo^ed) irt Qkrrying, info effect .; $uehi Removals, Iof

PrisOO^rat.

Wer|the ^landjof OpfijofljElW;

Principal Secretaries of State, tp remove any Prisoner from any Prison in Scotland to apy other Prison in Scotland\ being a legal Prison for the Class of Prisoners to which such Prisoner belongs, and the Sentence or Warrant under which he is committed shall be as effectual in the Prison to which he is so removed as in the Prison named therein.

"'|P^rijponer 'seii^ricecr iq a Period of Imprisppment wW lia^ 'beeij removed from a Iyocal Prison to tljle Gr^nepJ Prison may, at any Time before the Expiry of his ^en-te^ce, bgreipoyed tjact to the Lopat Prison wfjppcp lie was brought^undeij"uie Provisions1 of Ibis ^ct reiatipg to th^ Removal Prisoners,

^XXa^ottiib^ in'thi6! Acit cohtaibed relating to the RermWiil of Prisoners shiH dffiJct Ib^T^nW ^gessed by ^by Court of LaWto direct the* Remival bf i^y Prisoner^ tb he ' stay Officer Ofsuch Court or othprX^Bcerof the Law. 'n*v'rn 1 '.i!r

the eafriedolit

I

r LXXTJ ThO following Per&bns iBhairhb bntitle^ to Visit the several PrisOTifc 'itf;

namely, Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State or any Personi ip^oihted by fh^W any of them, the Lords^ Lieutenant of Counties in Scotland, the Members p£ Her Majesty's Privy CoUncfi/the Jodges of Vtnp 'Court, of Session? the LOra A^o<&fe nnu/SoKbitor General oi ScJtfand, and the Managers appointed by or niider the Authority 'of1:

The following Persone shall also be entitled to visi^ the Local Prisons Within theft ibsbOctive Connfies) and Burghs! bamely, SherifS, Conveners* of' Commissioners !of Supply, MeftAdrs of County Prison Boards, Justices of the Peace, and Magistrates of Burghs f tutd iiny Person visiting.a Prison which, he is hereby empowered tp visit shall have, Access, if he derire -.e-Li xi__^ jI___

to see, to the

Provided that in any Rules/for Prisons adopted under this Act Provision ^ay be rOadb for authorizing other Person^ to, visit any Prisons under such Restrictions tnC RtoTes fkhAy contain; and that the Administrators of any Prison may by an Order in Writing gt^nt special Permission to any Person to visit the same., 1

liXill. When in refeteice to any PerSoil cdbfinfed In it Prison it is bertifledliy Two Medical Practitioners who have Visited and carefully examined him, that ho is afflicted with any contagious or infectious Disease which renders his Removal beCeSsary for the Healslr of the other Inmates of the Prison, or that he is afflicted with any Disease which threatens immediate Danger to Life and cannot be treated in Prison, or that from his Condition continued Confinement would cause his Death, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff, on summary Application at the Instance of the Administrators of the Prison, accompanied by such Certificate, to order the Prisoner to be removed to an Hospital or other fit Place, under such Precautions as to the Sheriff may seem necessary and proper.

LXXIII. When

(28°.& 2ft°l VrarOKim A W5. '330

W^LXXjIHo-Whew any Sentence htoArddd ^byna4^ fGoiirt of competent Jurisdiction for any As to Prisoners ^jGwmo firt fOfftuwd iei^> Scmtenee'ito a P^ioai of nlni^lsofameh^ to bfe accompanied; during sentenced to ieithei*ithe wlu^(fcr a Po^n dff snoh<Period^vith HArd Labour, euoh Hard labour shall Hard Lab0, rf' r be eioaeteA ahdi performed 16 th& ManUOr s^t forth in rtho Rales applicable to the Prison for t4he Tirrm bein^ under 4hib»Act $* and in any Rnks ivhidh tnf^r be hereafter niade in Terms Jiof^a^Act/itsballbe Jcbmpeteut? foinkflude Rnies for cairying'out Sentences ofiHard

oillabQUlvi <>) "_r>in:7/; .Ji /. i i M: m I >t\\; [' . »J; ii j; - -1 /i< .-it, I

Dill lilt o< Jluti' «iv it >1 f'l 1-.I5} I'd it .51 iI-mm f it i?; r j; - i; t Ii* -if - >?:

* >i Judge: ot Magistrate to award Power to order

tSeatetffeefof TmprisontbeWtj^ ot* oif Fbtertvtth *thfe Alternative of lnnpri^6mhont, it shall' fee MaIe Juvenile MaWfofl for'iuefeiJudgehr Magistrate, J in the Case Juvenile Offender; being a Male, ^nUheiby

whose Age in the Opinion of such Judge or Magistrate shall not exceed Fourteen Years* to private Whip-fadjudge suck Offender, instead of Imprisonment, or of Imprisonment apd Hard Labpuf, or P"g-n HHa^i<&tf^t6 IHijir^isohi^cm o^Ihipt^oniP^nt aTiil' HardMbouV, fobe punished by private,

; 'WHippittgyfri'Sucn and according to sdeh Regulktfons tkltavb been dr shall be made by the Lord Advocate of Scotland in that Behalf, and approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State,

m?9* Jrbg#|or attest or4 _ - ,

th£ Wjal|s or by, any. other , Means, to introduce into any Fri^on. in Scotland any .Letters,

r endeavour^ by throwing pver T.T , -rrMj __r, _ .-7T-^T — — _'rifon in Scotland any Letters,

j*Tobacco, ^pirjfs.* qr otfjer Articles not allowed by . ^he Kqles of* such Prison, it shall be lawful for any Person to apprehend such Offender, and to carry him before the Sheriff, or any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, or any Magistrate of a Burgh in which such i ^pffsop, h9> aire, J^jreby eppQwefred to, hear and deformine such Offeree in a ^um-

Perfaqn.xfpnjptyfoed, of slialpbe lawfully convicted of such Offence, the Sheriff, Justices, oj- Afagiptrafo, shall /orth^yith ppnteppe such Offender to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding One Month, unless such Offender shall immediately pay such Penalty, not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as such Sheriff, Justices, or 1 Magistrate shall impose; and such Penalty shall be . ^hej p^P^pcutionj and jh^urplus, if auy3 towards the

pfj.a^k Prison 1 vr,; ----;"

The ^?ri^ shfill continue tp e^erse the powers and Jurisdiction at present i^siedijby hw, with i; e*pqpt to Applications an4 Proceedings for Aliment and for Prisqi^erp, apd nothing, herein contained shall be held to alter tie zftW ^th/iT^ct tp of, Pr^pwrs, or Responsibility for the safe Custody of

f. h i.

p or qnab)ipgjhe said, Commissioners of Her Majesty & Works and Public ^ujljlipg^and ^py Couptj/B|oa^d to purchasej take. and acquire Lanas for the Purposes of . Tnp ^Lands, dl^u^es Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," shall be incorporated

trPfi^t; of, , -^ot*; : ^Ejrbvidcjdf that the Clauses of the said pands Clauses Consolid^tmA Act with respect, to the Purchase, and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement oha)l not be incorporated herewith, except for the Purpose of acquiring Lands adjoining to a Prison for the Purpose of enlarging such Prison; and the Expression " the Special Act " in the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall mean this Act; and the , theiPa?opvotJer$ of th^ Ilndertakinft^i in the said Act shall mean and foqlude efthe Her Majesty's Work§, and Public Building* and any Cpuijty

[Junk removed.]

Penalty for intiodarutg prohibited Article into Prieone.

Laws as to Aliment and Liberation, and Responsibility for safe Custody continued.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. incorporated with this Act for Acquisition of Lands.

23 & 2/VICT.

Zz

360

23° & 24° VICTORIA; c. 106.

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Table of County Prison Boards, containing the Number of Members to be appointed for the Landward Part of each County by the Commissioners of Supply thereof; for the Burghs situated in each County by the Magistrates thereof.

COUNTY. Landward Part of County and Burghs. No. of Members to be appointed.

1. 2. 3.

1. Aberdeen - Landward Part 15

Aberdeen 7

Peterhead i

23

2. Argyle - Landward Part 11

Campbeltown - 1

12

3. Ayr - Landward Part 15

Ayr 1

Irvine 1

Kilmarnock 2

19

4. Banff- Landward Part 7

Banff - 1

8

5. Berwick Landward Part 9

6. Bute - Landward Part 4

Rothesay 3

7

7. Caithness - Landward Part 7

Wick 1

8

8. Clackmannan Landward Part 6

9. Dumbarton Landward Part 7

Dumbarton 1

8

10. Dumfries - Landward Part 14

Dumfries 2

16

COUNTY. Landward - Part of County and Burghs. No. of Members to be appointed.

1. 2. 3.

11. Edinburgh - Landward Part 6

Edinburgh 9

Leith 2

Musselburgh - 1

Portobello 1 19

12. Elgin - Landward Part 7

Elgin 1 8

13. ' Fife - Landward Part 13

Cupar 1

Dunfermline - 2

Dysart - 1

Kirkcaldy 1

St. Andrews - 1 19

14. Forfar Landward Part 11

Arbroath 1

Brechin - 1

Dundee - 7

Forfar - 1

Montrose 1 22

15. Haddington Landward Part -T

Dunbar - i

Haddington - i 10

16. Inverness - Landward Part 7T

Inverness 2 15

17. Kincardine - Landward Part "T

28° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 105

361

i COUNTY. Landward Part of County and Burghs. No. of Members to be appointed. COUNTY. Landward Part of County and Burghs. i ' I No. of Members io be appointed.

1. 2. 3. 1. 3.

18. Kinross Landward Part 6 26. Renfrew Landward Part 10

Greenock 5

19. Kirkcudbright - Landward Part 8 Paisley 5

— Port-Glasgow - 1

20. Lanark Landward Part 10 Renfrew - 1

Airdrie - 1 —

Glasgow 14 22

Hamilton 1

Lanark - 1 27. Ross and Cromarty Landward Part 15

Rutherglen 1 -

. 28. Roxburgh - Landward Part 11

28 Jedburgh 1

21. Linlithgow - Landward Part 6: 12

Linlithgow 1 =

29. Selkirk Landward Part 4

- - 7 *, - - Selkirk - 2

22. Naira Landward Part 5 6

Nairn 2 t t -

- t | 30. Stirling Landward Part 9

7 Stirling - 2

: i Falkirk - 1

23. Orkney Landward Part 7

; { 12

24. Peebles Landward Part 6 ' -

Peebles - 1 31. Sutherland - Landward Part i 6

7, 32. Wigtown - Landward Part 12

Stranraer 2

25^. Perth - Landward Part 16

Perth 3 14

19 33. Zetland Landward Part -8-

SCHEDULE (B.)

Name. Sex. Age. Occupation. Married or unmarried. Offence. i _ County where Offence committed Date of Offence. Number of previous Convictions and from what Courts. Sentence. Date of Sentence.

The Period for which the Prisoner is sentenced to he imprisoned, and the Prison in which he is sentenced to be

confined, are to be inserted under this Head.

Zz 2

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 406.

8 & 9 Vict,

* 4

CAP. CVI.

An1 Act1 to amend the Lands: Clatwtes Oonsdidation. Acts (184&), in regard to ' Sales apd Compensation for Land! byNrayofa Lentchartgev Annual Eeu Duty ' or (Srdtnid, Annual, hnd tp enable Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department1, tp avail himself ofihePp\vers and Provisions contaiueid in :the saipe Act^., 11, \, I ., ' . (^Qth

\.\i, TtHEf8EAS. }p id expedient to extend fho Provisions of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Actf, 18^5, iivregprd to Safes ^fL^(l, or Corripen^atianfcrr Damages, 5 in consider a

Part of Sect?. 10. of recited Act repealed.

Sects. 10. and 11. of recited Act, as to Power to sell and convey Lands, &c. extended to all Sales, &c.

iv'tvv: l y>7i " *, T IT 1- 'La. '

.the \V«r p^artmpnt or for th^ Defence of thO Itjpfc. the Queep!s Excellent Majesty, b^ anc\ with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

i L, i$o, tmuch(of j .thfl, rXwth , $99^09 of Copses Act, *IM5, as

. pMvsfes ithatjj 8*ve; , in, the, 'Ca^ jpf I^qp 9$ apjf jPerspn, is seise^I in fjee or entitled to

.dispose-(absolutelyfor their, iPepefij, .Consideration io!bepaja fof an^'Lands, or for yDamagtf.dWte-thegeio, fihp# h^.ffla.gyos^ $up, 'nj hereby r^a^ed, 1

) -

II. Thai PcAver tol soil and icpnyey. Lapds; W CORsideratjnn of an annual Rentcharge i provided by thfci Tmtbi Section iff thfe said ^Act, (an$tlte Pow.qr :to recov^r such Hejitqliarge 'pr<xrided; b}r the J3tev, e»tU Section of. hp^dApb.Wif^rehy. jt^11 Cijs^ ofj Sale

<*bcl''Purchase or DoWpensationi updpp fMp ^d|At, wher^ the yarUqs ^n^regfedj ipr.suph Sateyi* entitled to and Copies Wtiofl, are yyider , Piny; lJisabdi.t^, ori iInqeE^ty, 'ang(have po

Pap* lta>< sell ottconvey suohL»d»iPritp ree FfW4 fl16

Provisions of the stud Act* > .

m)

; mi J

Similar Proviso with regard to Lands sold under Sect. 10. of 8 & 9 Vict c. 19.,

: /!' Inif^pvcr'tp.''felt; and convey Laricls in rcohsidei^tion bf aip Antirfatl'F^u Dtity^r .G^ppnd A^nual, uix^er the 'fenth $^ction of the^Ldnds Clailsfes Ccms6l!dht?6n (Sdofthrid) *erfatft, |th9 JPpwer to recoycr such Annual ?eu Dhtyhr Gititrhd Ahiiual, are hereby

extended to all Cases of Sale or Purchase oif Combeii^ation Under, the saStf A^t, AVhfere tl»e Parties interested in such Sale are under ^any Disability 6F Incapafcit ^, ind hat^ fab Potter to sell or convey such L^bds, or receive suqh Coroixensatioi ^, except unfler ^he Provisions -:of the said Act.t -; .:*>/ t, , .

t., .* i/

Amount oC > Rentcharge to he settled in manner directed in the 9th Section of recited Acts.

.i v. every, (/a^p of such Sale or Compensation by any''Parties other thah Parties seised in fee or entitled to dispose absolutely/of fb^ LancU So sold o^dalnt^ged, the Amount of such Rentcharge, Annual Feu Duty Or Ground Ahnhal, Herfeiti-bOfOte ta'entiotiecf, shall be settled in the Manner directed in the Ninth Section of each of the said Acts respectively: Provided that the Amount of such annual Rentcharge, Annual Feu Duty or Ground Annual, shall in no Case be less than One Fourth Part greater than the net annual Rent received by the Parties beneficially interested in such Lands, upon an Average of the last Seven Years; and that a Charge of Five per Cent on the grpss Sum estimated or fixed as aforesaid, by way of Compensation for any Damage that haay be dohe to the said Lands, shall in all such Cases be added id and' shall form a Plart of the said E^pjtchai^e, , Anpuai Fen Duty pr Ground Anipjal; and, that no Fine, Foregift, Grassum, Premium, or other Consideration in the Nature ^hcrepf, shall be paid or taken in respect of the Lands so sold or damaged, other than the annual Rentcharge, Annual Feu Duty oir Gtotmd Annual, ma<3e payable for such Lands: Provided also, that such Rentcharge shall be and remain upon and for. ]the same Uses, Trusts, and Purposes as those upon which the Rents and Profits of the Land so conveyed stood settled or assured at or immediately before; the Conveyance theredF, and shall boa First Charge on the Tolls and* Rates, if any, payable under the Special Act.

V. In

23°«sSa 2jf YIQTWIiE, |C. 106, 107.

V. Id case the Promoters of the Undertaking shall be empowered, by any Act or Acts relating thereto, to be passed aften the passingjof this, Act, to borrow Money to an Amount not exceeding a prescribed Sum, then in the event of the Promoters of the Undertaking agreeing rit any* Time aftjer^thd<pfUring of this Act with any Person, under the? Ifov^ew/of this Act and of either of the AoM herein before' mentioned, or of. either of) said Acts, only, for the Purchase of aity Lands /con^deijation of the Payment of a KentfHarge, Annual F$u Duty or Grojund Annual, the Powers of the Promoters of the Undertaking for borrowing Money shall be reduced by an Amount equal to ^twenty Y^ars Purchase of any Rentcharge, Annual Feu Duty or Ground Annual, so Tcrf the Time being payable. '

VI. The fcjauses contained in/v The Lands Qlausea Consolidation1 Act to (the jf#rqbW , ?, Lands tby ^gffecmep^ and jt'o Agreements for $jilq' And Conveyances, Sales, and Releases of any Lapus or Hereditaments, o'r any Instate' 6r Jritafest therein, by Parties jqnder Disabluty, sl^all, extend and be applicable to all PardhttSes ' of Ldttd and Hereditaments for public Purposes wliidi shall te herOaffor mhdfc by the1 dbuhcil bf hny City or Borough, with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, ttader the Powers for that Purpose contained in " The Municipal Corporation Mortgages, &c. Act (1860)."

YIL Foy the Purchase of Acquisition of ^ny Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments wanted for the Service of tl\e Admirdl^or of the War Uopartment OT'WtfieDefence of the Realm, it shall be lawful for Hei: Majesty's Principal Secretary'bf State for the/War Department for the Time being to use all or any of the Powers and Provisions by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 11845, and by the' Lands Clauses Consolidation (StbtlaTul) Act, 1845, given to Promoters of the Undertaking, as therein mentioned, and for such Purp oses the said Principal Secretary shall be desired and taken to be the Promoters lof an Undertaking within the Meaning of the ^i4 all the Povveta and Frbvrsiohsttherspf

shall, if used by Her Miljest's FHndipiir ^Sibretary of State ^or thie War Depyts^ikt^ treated as If they weri dontaincid'iri thd Fifth and Siicth Vittorio.) Chapter NindfcjHftufyfor the Purpose of being ubed and miidd available by the Primclpaf Officers Of; Her Majesty's Ordnance and had beeri ttansfdrred to the said'Pi'hidpal Secretary Tod the Time ibeing. by the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Victoria, Chapter One hundred^ and sei'enteen^ fonthe Pq^pps^sforesai^: , Prpvidpc^l^y^ tlmt notlyng herein contained shall authorize any Purchase otherwise thao by Agreement of any Land, except according tri the Provisions of the Twenty-third Section of the? said Act prihe Fifth and Sixth' v£toria, 'bY 'prqridibeW affect the Powers and Authorities of the said Principal <Secretary for thb Tfoie bqfing Wter the said last-mentioned Statutes, or either; of them. l'\ '; ' 'y/t

VIll T^his Act shall be f*ead and consWeld as Part of the siaid Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, or of the Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, in all Matters in which it relate*} to the saijl Aota respectively; jmd ip citpg this Act in other Acts of Parliament, and in Wad Instruments, i^ shall be sufficient to use the WptC6siort of'^ The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment -^c^ 1860

0 a p-; cviii; ?: \\1!

An Act for granting to Her Majesty certhin Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing df Refreshment Houses and the granting of Wine Licences, in Ireland.

[28th August 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign:

YX^E, Yotir Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition to

the

363

If Lands purchased by way of Rentcharge, borrowing Powers to be reduced proportionally.

Certain Clauses in 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. extended to Purchases of Land, &c. for public Purposes.

Power to Secretary for, War to use the Powers given to Promoters of Undertakings by 8 & 9 Vict.

C. 18.

This Act and 8 & 9 Vict cc. 18. and 19. to be construed together.

364

From and after 1st July 1860 certain Duties to be charged for Licences herein mentioned.

Powers and Provisions of Excise Acts to apply to the Duties granted by this Act

Every Person keeping a Shop entitled to take out a Licence to retail Wine not to be consumed on the Premises.

What shall be deemed selling by Retail.

Permitting drinking Wine in a neighbouring House, Shed, &c., with Intent to evade the Provisions of the

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the scvetal Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseecih Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent* of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as. follows:

L From and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty there shall be charged, levied, and paid, unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for and upon the several Licences herein-after mentioned, the respective Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

For every Licence to keep a Refreshment House* — . i s0 s. d.

If the House and Premises in respect of which such Licence shall be granted shall be utoder the Value of 20/. a Year -:- 0.10 6

And if the same shall be of ther Value of 20/. a Year or upwards -110

i And for every Licence to be granted as hereinafter mentioned to any icensed Keeper of a Refreshment House to sell therein by Retail Foreign Wine to be consumed in such House or on the Premises belonging thereto —

If such House and Premises shall be under the Value of 50/* a Year - 3 3 0

»*' 1 And if the same shall be of the Value of 50A a Year o* upwards - - 5. 5 0

And for every Licence to be taken out by any Person for the selling by Retail -

in hny Shop of Foreign and British Wine not to be consumed in the House ' or Shop or on the Premises-where sold —

'» If the House and Premises shall be under the value of 50/. a Year - 2 2 0

And if the same shall be of the Value of 50/. a Year or upwards - - 3 3 >0

II. The Duties by this Act granted shall be deemed to be Excise Duties, and shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Time being; and all Powers, Provisions* and Regulations, Penalties* and Forfeitures contained in or enacted by any Act in force in relation to Excise Duties, shall, in all Cases not herein expressly provided for, and so far as the same are not superseded by and hre consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, be duly observed, applied, and put in execution for ascertaining the Value of any House or Premises in respect of which any Licence shall be applied for under this Act, and for charging, collecting, and securing the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise relating thereto, as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act with reference to such Value and to the said Duties hereby granted: Provided always, that the Valuation of any such House or Premises on which the last preceding Rate for the Relief of the Poor had been made shall be deemed and taken to be the Value of such House or Premises for any of the Purposes of this Act.

III. Every Person who shall keep a Shop for the Sale of any Goods or Commodities other than Foreign Wine, or who shall have taken opt a Licence as a Dealer in Wine (except Persons expressly disqualified by this Act), shall without producing or having any other Licence or Authority, be entitled to take out a Licence under this Act to sell by Retail, and in reputed Quart or Pint Bottles only, in such Shop Foreign Wine not to be consumed on the Premises where sold, anything in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Every Sale of Foreign Wine in any less Quantity than Two Gallons, or in less than One Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, at One Time, shall be deemed to be a selling by Retail

V. If any Person licensed to sell Wine not to be consumed on the Premises shah, with Intent to evade the Provisions of this Act, take or carry, or authorize or employ or permit or suffer any Person to take or carry, any Wine out of or from the House, Shop, or Premises of such licensed Person, for the Purpose of being sold on his Account, or for his Benefit or Profit drunk or consumed, in any other House or in any Tent, Shed, or other Premises of any kind whatever belonging to such licensed Person, or hired, used, or

occupied

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

occupied by him, such Wine shall be deemed and taken to have been drunk or consumed upon the Premises; and the Person selling the same shall be subject to the like Penalties as if such Wine had been actually consumed, in any Hoi^se or upon any Premises licensed only for the Sale thereof as aforesaid, /, , {

VI. All Houses, Booms, Shops, or Buildings kept open for Public Refreshment, Resort, and Entertainment at any Time between the Hours of Nine of the Clock at Night and Seven of the Clock of the following Morning, not being licensed for the Sale of Beer, Cider, Wine, or Spirits respectively* shall be deemed Refreshment Houses within this Act, and the Resident, Owner, Tenant, or Occupier thereof shall be required to take out a Licence under this Act to keep a Refreshment House; and every Person who shall keep any House, Room, Shop, or Building for the Purpose of selling therein any Victual or Refreshment to (be consumed on the; Premises where the aamfc shall be sold (except Beer, Cider, Wine, and Spirits, sold respectively under a proper Licence, in that Behalf), and every Person who shall keep any /House, Room, /Shop ,; or Building for the Consumption therein by the Public of any Refreshment (except as aforesaid), although the same alhaM not be sold therein, may, if he shall think fit, take out a Licence under this Act to keep a Refreshment House; and in all Proceedings and upon all Occasions whatever it shall be sufficient to desoribe by the Term Refreshment House any House, Room, Shop, or Building in which any such Article as aforesaid (except as aforesaid) is sold, to be consumed, or is consumed as Aforesaid, without further or otherwise designating or describing the Same, provided also, (that no Licence shall be required under this Act to authorize any Person to keep a Refreshment House if the same shall not foe situate withia any Town or Place containing a Population exceeding Ten thousand according to the but Parliamentary Census.

VII. j Every Person who shall be licensed to keep a Refreshment House, and shall pursue therein the Trade or Business of a Confectioner, or shall keep open such House; as an Eating-thouse, for the Purpose of selling, to be i consumed therein, Animal Food or other Victuals wherewith Wine or other; fermented Liquors are usually drunk, shall be entitled (subject to the* Terms and Conditions of this Act, and not being expresslydisqualified thereby), to take out a Licence to se\l Foreign Wine by Retail in such Refreshment House, to be consumed on the Premises where the same shall have been sold, without producing or having any other Licence or Authority than as aforesaid; and every Confectioner and Eating-house Keeper respectively who shall have taken out such Licence to retail Wine under this Act, shall not foe subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture under any other Act or Acts by reason or on account of his selling Wine by Retail, or having the same in his Possession in his entered Premises, anything in any other Act or Acte to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, That no Licence to sell Foreign Wine by Retail to be consumed on the Premises shall be granted for any Refreshment House which, with the Premises belonging thereto and occupied therewith, shall be under the Value of Eight Pounds a Year, nor for any Refreshment House situated in any City, Borough, Town, or Place containing a Population exceeding Ten thousand according to the then last Parliamentary Census, if such Refreshment House, with the Premises belonging thereto and occupied therewith, shall be under the Value of Fifteen Pounds a Year; and no Sheriffs Officer, Clerk of Petty Sessions, or Officer executing the legal Process of any Court of Justice, shall be capable of receiving or using any Licence under this Act to sell Wine by Retail to be consumed on the Premises; and every Licence which shall be granted contrary hereto shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. Every Person who shall keep a Refreshment House for which a Licence is required by this Act, without taking out and having in force a proper Licence in that Behalf granted to him under the Authority of this Act, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, which Penalty shall be denominated an Excise Penalty, and be recovered as herein-after directed.

X. All

365

Act, to be deemed drinking on the Premises.

[Penalty.]

Persons keep. ing Houses, &c. herein named required to take oat Licences.

Licences not required for Refreshment Houses in small Towns and Places.

Confectioners and Eating-house Keepers entitled to take out Licences to sell Wine to be drunk on the Premises.

Wine Licences not to be granted for Refreshment Houses under a certain annual Value.

Persons disqualified to hold Wine Licences.

Penalty for keeping a Refreshment House without Licence, 20L

366

By whom Li* cences under this Act shall be granted.

Forms of Licences as in Schedule to this Act

Licences: Date, Expiration, and Renewal thereof.

On Death of a licensed Person, his Representative, or Widow or Child, may be authorised to continue the Business for which the Licence was granted.

Notice of First Application for a Wine Licence for a Refreshment House to be given to Justices, who may object to the granting thereof on Grounds to be stated.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

X. All Licences authorized to be granted under this Act shall be granted by and under the Hands of the Collector or other Person having Charge of the Excise Collection, and the Supervisor of Excise of the District within which respectively the Refreshment House or other House or Shop for or relating to which any such Licence shall be required, or by such other Person or Persons as the CJornmissioners^of Inland Revenue shall appoint or authorize in that Behalf, on Payment of the Duty chargeable, for such licences respectively; and every such Licence shall be i^One of the Forms No. 1., No. 2., or No. 3., contained in the Schedule annexed to this Act: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue from Time to Time to make such Alterations therein as they may deem to be necessary, in consequence of any Alteration or Amendment of the Law, in order to make such Form of Licence conformable to the Law for the Time being.

XI. All Licences which shall be granted under the Authority of this Act between the Thirty-first Day of March and the First Day of May in any Year shall, be dated on the First Day of April, and all Licences wliiih shall be granted at any other Time shall be dated on the Day on which the same shall be granted; and all such Licences, whensoever granted, shall have Effect on and after the Day of the Date thereof until the First of April then next following, and shall be renewed annually on Payment of the Duty by this Act charged thereon respectively.

XII.Upon the Death of any Person licensed under this Act before the Expiration of the Licence, it shall be lawftil for the Persons authorized to grant Licences to authorize and empower, by Endorsement or otherwise, as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall direct, the Executors or Administrators or the Widow or Child of such deceased Person who shall be possessed of and occupy the Dwelling Hotise and Premises before used for such Person, if not disqualified by Law, to continue the Business for which such Licence was granted, and to sell In the same House and Premised such Articles as by the said Licence are authorized to be sold therein, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence was originally granted, without talking out any fresh Licenbe or Payment of any additional Duty thereon, and the Person so UUthorifced and empowered shall then be deemed to be a Person licensed under this Act, and accordingly subject to the Provisions, Conditions, Regulations, and Penalties contained therein.

XIII. If any Person licensed to keep a Refreshment House shall be desirous of selling Foreign Wine by Retail to be consumed therein, he shall, previously to the granting to him for the First Time of a Licence for that Purpose, fill up and sign a Requisition for such Licence in such Form as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide in that Behalf, specifying therein the true Christian and Surname and Place of Abode of the Applicant, the Description and Situation of the House for which, the Licence is required, and the net annual Value of such House, according to the Valuation thereof last made for Poor Law Purposes under the Laws then in force, and such Requisition, together with Two Copies thereof, shall be delivered to the Supervisor of Excise for the District in which such Refreshment House is situate, who shall forthwith deliver or transmit by Post One of such Copies, together with a Notice to the Effect herein-after mentioned, to the Sub-Inspector of Constabulary of the District, or in his Absence to the Head Constable, and the other of such Copies to the Clerk of Petty Sessions for the District within which such Refreshment House is situate; or, if such Refreshment House is situated within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, the Supervisor of Excise shall deliver or transmit by Post in like Manner One of such Copies, together with a Notice to the Effect herein after mentioned, to the Superintendent of Police for the Division in which such Refreshment House is situate, and the other of such Copies to the Clerk of the Divisional Justices in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis; and each such Copy shall be accompanied by a Notice to such Sub-Inspector and Justices respectively, signed by the said Supervisor, to the Effect that a Licence to retail Wine will be granted pursuant to such Requisition on or immediately after a Day to be specified in such Notice, not less distant than Thirty Days from the Day of the Delivery or Transmission of the same, unless in the meantime Notice in Writing, signed by a Justice or Justices in Petty Sessions, or by a Divisional Justice or Justices, as the Case may be, shall be received by the said Supervisor to the Effect that the Justice or Justices, as the

Cnee

23* & 2& VictfOlif ^, e'. lttt. 367

Casebitty bfc, 1 AM'di do object id the grdritiiig of the raid ^ine Licence 911 One or mffe of thfe GrOurid^herein-after metiti6pec1, specifying the same, fhat, is to eay^thalj t^e £Iouse for Whichshbh'LfeChce^ not a Confectioner's Shop, qr an Easing House widuq the

Meanfoj* of this Act, bt'nbi of the ajhnuat. Value required By this Act, br that it is »a disorderly Hdtisi1, 1 on a Hohse frequeiitqd W^titutes.or^ Utlief d^ ]£ersqn^ of that }t isj^ftd^<%ed(iHsqnhlifled 'for <Be Sale of Wine fhpreim or that the App^, n.

aW bttlnWfiil Sbciety, 0^ ikdi^fouified from selling Wine j under, thq Provisions of this Act, fpeeifyinbthe Grounds of' i^Ch Di^uttlipcation respective^ that the AppUcant h«fS(wjtB'u *

ThrCe^ Yeat^ been convicted of any Offence punishable by Imprisonment, orthat the App^r-dtikt tovfojg1 within ''plreo. Y^rs held la' licence fokepjj a Comppn lnn^ Alehouse, or *

Victualling House, or befog1 lfodhsdd ks' a Grocer to seTl Spirits, has forfeited or been refused a Renewal of su^h Licence; and if/ suqh Jfptiqe rof, Qhject(iqp ehqM bQ/ received I by/thq i&id Su^eirvisdr Within the Time limited as, qlqrps^iq th^ said ]Uqenpe; shall pot he gmnted, but if dfhenv?qb /and no such.'Qay^at as Berein-qiier j^ntionepl h^reqeiyed jby the said .Supervisor! t^en ^iidh LiBehce shall Be "ranted of payment. of the Efoty by this A*ct ,; ch&urged theteoU, provided the Applicant shat} \>e entitled to suep Licence qndqr the Provisions of thi^Adt ifc other Respects. ', ' 'V '; (iJ :i, , , >j >v J in, ' k- .v:

XIV. The Sub-Inspector of the District, or in his Absence the Head Constable, 6r, "if for Sub-Consta-

the police District ^Dublin JMqtrojJpl^* qfi; Polioq of the Diwisjod/eKnU HgryOffiw

ftjl and 'is1 hereby authorize^ granting , of qwqhtjVVji&e Licence before, any,

Justice or justices petty. Session ^, oy any DivLiqnal Juqtmo or Ju»tioee, i w Orie or inqre may object to of thA Grounds Q^Objection here qientfopqd, qnd such. Justice, or Justices respec* the^ujagpf

tWely p|ia}l then, ojf at some pther cqnjvqnlent Tiine tq bq, appointed, proceed to consider, ' ^qeme examine on; Oathi into, j and adjudge, upon $0 ^rnthj.^gfl^ewyj'fllnd- Volidity of any such Objection; phjd if sqch justice or justicqa respqqtiv]elyr shell bqi thereupon satisfied of the^, VAiidlty of" priy such, Objection, he qr they shall by Order in Writfogi to be! duly entered hjjP the Clerk, refuse to allo.\y sqcli LicqnpqttQ peL^qd^ and Jb«rdi» debatethetGreUndM)£ t.

such Refusal: Provided always, that, no s(uch Noticq of Objection shall htsigned by such!

Justicef oKl^iistices until after ttfev respectively, shall h^vq sunnnonod thd Applicant for such1 Libenhc to show Cause, and shall have heard bifn against the Objqbtkmi to the granting thereof, or he shall have refused or neglected to attend before him or them respectively pur-sttfinft to* such SnmmOnS; and ^ry such SirthnioPS shalr Specify; the Grounds of" such, let (JBjqotiopi} and it shall be lawfpl for such Justice! or Justices respectively, pending their *

DlecUion upan any siiich Objection as aforesaid, hhd before the Expiration of, the said Period (f 1 of (Thirty JDaye, to tvanskhit to the skid Supervisor ii Notice by Avay of pavent against the \ gfUatfog Litenoe, and in that Ckse the Licence shall not be granted, if within the further Period bf Thirty Days froiA the Receipt of such Caveat the Objection to the granting of the Licehoc shall be afflrihed by the said Justifce br Justices, and Notice thereof shall be, given to the! said Supervisor.

, i . t, *. ' *. 1 ' *; *;" '; 1 1 '1 j *

XV. In case any Person shall feel aggrieved by such Order of Refusal, itiahkll be lawful Persons ag-fdr stjch Pei-spn. to-appeal againqt the same to the Quarter Sessions of the Division within

which ^uch person shall reside, or, if in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, to the ter^ssions. Recorder of the Qify of Dublin at the Quarter Sessions held next after such Order shall have beep p^ade; . But ip qase there shall not be Fifteen'clear Days between the making of th'e.Qr^er, apd such nqxt Quarter Sessions, then to the Quarter Sessions next following in such Pjvisjon or City, as the Case may be; and in such Appeal the Party opposing eucli Application qb&H-Be Respondent^ and no other Ground for refusing such Licence shall be entered upon except such aja shall be stated in such Order of RefViskl? and such Appeal shall Bq sqbjeqt to the like Incidents a#d be heard and dealt with by the Cotirfc of Quarter Sespionk of Pqcorder in the like Manner *s an Appeal from on Order of the Justices at Petjty Sqssioqs^ under the u Petty Sessions* Ireland, Act, 185!, save that the Recognisance ' to jbe info shall be in the Fcntn in Schedule No. 4. to this Act annexed: Provided always Appeal shall not be dismissed upon any Point of Form.

* X|VX If upon the Hearing of any Appeal from the Order of the Justices at Petty If Order of Re-SessionS or the Divisional Justices, as the Case may be, the Justices at Quarter Sessions or fusal reversed,

V. 2S & 24 Vict. 3 A the s^iBorio

grant such Licence.

Justices may object to the Renewal or Transfer of a Wine Licence if they shall see iust Cause of Objection.

A List of Licences to be kept by Collectors and Supervisors for Inspection of the Justices, and Copies of the List to be transmitted to the Justices Clerk.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

the Recorder, as the Case may be, shall reverse the said Order, then and in such Case the Justices at Quarter Sessions, or the Recorder, shall declare the Appellant entitled to obtain such Licence, and thereupon the said Supervisor of Excise shall grant such Licence to the Appellant on the Production to such Supervisor of a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace, in the Form No. 5. in the Schedule to this Act annexed (for which Certificate the Clerk of the Peace may charge a Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence), certifying that the Order of Refusal had been reversed, and that the Court had declared the Appellant entitled to such Licence.

XVII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions, or for any Divisional Justice or Justices, as the Case may be, after any such Wine Licence shall have been granted for any Refreshment House within their respective Jurisdictions, but Three Months at least before the Expiration of such Licence, to give Notice to the Holder thereof to appear before him or them respectively, and show Cause why an Objection (stating the Grounds thereofj should not be lodged against a Renewal or Transfer of his Licence; and if upon the Hearing the said Justice or Justices respectively shall see just Cause of Objection on One or more of the Grounds herein-before mentioned (in respect of granting for the First Time such Wine Licence), such Justice or Justices respectively shall give to the said Supervisor of the District within which the said Refreshment House shall be situated Notice of Objection against the Renewal or Transfer of such Licence, and shall specify the Grounds of Objection in such Notice, and make an Order accordingly; and on the Expiration of such Wine Licence, after such Notice as aforesaid given to the Supervisor, no Renewal or Transfer thereof shall be granted unless the Decision of the said Justice or Justices, respectively shall be reversed upon an Appeal against the same, as herein-after allowed: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Holder of the said Licence to appeal against the said Order of Refusal to the Quarter Sessions of the Division within which such Person shall reside, or, if in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, to the Recorder of the City of Dublin, at the Quarter Sessions which shall be held in such Division or City (as the Case may be) after the Expiration of Ten Days from the making of such Order of Refusal, upon giving Seven Days previous Notice in Writing to such Justice or Justices respectively of his Intention so to appeal; and such Court of Quarter Sessions for such Division or City respectively shall hear and finally determine the said Appeal; and upon Notice of such Determination given to the said Supervisor the said Licence shall be refused or granted in conformity therewith; provided always, that such Appeal shall be subject to the like Incidents and Provisions (so far as the same are applicable), and shall be heard and dealt with by the Court of Quarter Sessions, or Recorder, in the like Manner as an Appeal from an Order of Refusal of such Justice or Justices respectively to grant for the First Time a Wine Licence under the Provisions of this Act; and if the Appellant shall be declared entitled to the Renewal or Transfer of such Licence, the Supervisor of Excise shall grant such Licence on the Production of a Certificate from the Clerk of the Peace as herein-before provided.

XVIII. A List or Register of every Licence granted under the Authority of this Act, specifying the Name and Place of Abode of every Person licensed, and the Name and Description of the House for which such Licence shall be granted, and whether the Licence shall be to keep a Refreshment House or for the Sale of Wine therein, shall be kept at the Office or Dwelling House of every Collector and Supervisor of Excise in their respective Collections and Districts; and such List or Register shall at all Times be produced to and shall be open to the Inspection and Perusal of any Justice of the County or Place where such Licence shall be granted and where such House shall be situate, and a Copy of such List and Register shall, once in every Six Months, be transmitted by every Collector and Supervisor of Excise to the Clerk of Petty Sessions for the District within which such Refreshment House is situated for which such Licence shall be granted, or if such Refreshment House is situated within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, to the Clerk of the Divisional Justices in such District, and any Copy or Extract of or from such List or Register which shall be at any Time required by such Clerk respectively shall be given to him by such Collector or Supervisor whenever thereto required.

XIX. In

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

XIX. In case any Complaint shall be laid before any Justice or Justices against any Person licensed to sell Wine by Retail under the Authority of this Act, for any Offence against the Tenor of his Licence or against this Act, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices (if he or they shall think fit) to require such Person to produce his Licence before them, fur their Examination; and if such Person shall wilfully neglect or refuse so to do he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justice or Justices shall think proper.

XX. It shall be lawful for any Inspector or Superintendent or Serjeant of Police, or for any County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, when and so often as he or they shall respectively think proper, to enter at any Time between the Hours of Nine at Night and Seven in the Morning into all Houses licensed as Refreshment Houses under the Authority of this Act, and into and upon the Premises belonging thereto; and if any Person licensed to keep a Refreshment House, or any Servant or other Person in his Employ or by his Direction, shall refuse to admit or shall not admit any such Officer of Police or Constable demanding Admittance iuto such Refreshment House or upon such Premises, the Person so licensed shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Costs of Conviction, to be recovered before One or more Justices, on Information or Complaint made within Seven Days next after the Day on which such Offence was committed; and it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Justices before whom any such Person shall be convicted for the Second Time of any such Offence to adjudge (if he or they shall so think fit) the Licence or Licences of such Offender in respect of such Refreshment House to be forfeited, and that he shall be disqualified from having any Licence granted to him under this Act in respect of such House for the Space of Two Years, or for such shorter Space of Time as he or they may think proper to adjudge.

XXI. Every Person who shall sell any Wine by Retail, whether to be consumed on the Premises or not, without having a proper Licence in force duly authorizing him in that Behalf, shall, over and above any other Penalty to which he ipay be liable, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, which shall be denominated an Excise Penalty.

XXII. If any Person, not being duly licensed to sell Wines, shall retail any Wine, either to be consumed in or upon the House or Premises or off the Premises where sold, or if any Person shall sell any Wine to be consumed in or upon the House or Premises where sold without being licensed so to do, such Person shall, in addition to any Excise Penalty to which he may thereby become subject, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXIII. All Liquor which shall be sold or offered for Sale by any Person, whether licensed under this Act or not, as being Foreign Wine, or under the Name by which any Foreign Wine is usually designated or known, shall, as against the Person who shall so sell or offer the same for Sale, be deemed and taken to be Foreign Wine; and any Fermented Liquor containing a greater Proportion than Forty per Centum of Proof Spirit shall be deemed and taken to be Spirits.

XXIV. Every Person who shall be convicted of Felony or of selling Spirits without Licence shall for ever thereafter be disqualified from selling Wine by Retail, and no Licence to sell Wine by Retail under this Act shall be granted to any Person who shall have been so convicted as aforesaid; and if any Person shall, after having been so convicted as aforesaid, take out or have any Licence to sell Wine by Retail under this Act, the same shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; and every Person who shall, after being convicted as aforesaid, sell any Wine by Retail in any Manner whatsoever, shall incur the Penalty for so doing without Licence; and in all such Cases, in the Prosecution for the Recovery of such Penalty a Certificate from the Clerk of Assize or the Clerk of the Peace or Person acting as such of any such Conviction as aforesaid shall on the Trial in such Prosecution be legal Evidence thereof.

XXV. Every Person licensed to retail Wine under this Act shall, in manner directed by the Laws of Excise in that Behalf, make Entry with the proper Officer of Excise of every

369

In case of Complaint licensed Retailers of Wine to produce their Licences on Requisition of Justice.

Constables and Police Officers empowered to visit licensed Refreshment Houses. Penalty for refusing them Admittance.

Licence to be forfeited on Second Conviction if Justices think fit

Penalty for selling Wine by Retail without Licence.

Additional Penalty on unlicensed Persons selling Wine.

What shall be deemed Foreign Wiae, and what be deemed Spirits.

Licences to be void on Conviction of Felony or selling Spirits without Licence.

Licensed Retailers of Wine to make Entry

370

of ITouses, &c. with the Excise.

Excise Officers, &c. empowered to enter the Premises of licensed Retailers of Wine.

Penalty on Persons licensed to retail Wine having Spirits in their used Premises.

Standard Measures to be used in the Sale of Wine *

Limitation of Hours for opening and closing Houses licensed for the Sale of Wine by Retail.

Exception in

favour of Lodgers.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

House, Cellar, Room, and Place for storing, keeping, or retailing of Wine, on pain of forfeiting the Penalties imposed by the Statutes in that Behalf for making use of any unentered Room or Place; and all Wine found in any such unentered House, Cellar, Room, or Place shall be forfeited.

XXVI. It shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise, or for any Inspector of Constabulary, Superintendent of Police, Head or other Constable, during the Hours in which any House licensed for the Retail of Wine to be consumed on the Premises may be kept open, to enter into every House, Cellar, Room, or Place used for the storing, keeping, or retailing of Wine to be consumed as aforesaid, and to make search for and seize all Spirits which may be found in any such House, Cellar, Room, and Place, and to examine all Wine kept therein; and all Powers granted to such Officer of Excise, Inspector, Superintendent of Police, Hpad or other Constable, by an Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Reign of H^r Majesty, Chapter Eighty-nine, Section Twelve, shall and may be exercised with respect to Houses licensed For the Retail of Wine under this Act.

XXVII. If any Person licensed to retail Wine under this Act shall receive into or keep

or have in his Possession, in any Cellar, Room, or Place used for storing, keeping, or retailing Wine, any Spirits, he shall, iri iaddition to all other Penalties, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, which shall be denominated an Excise Penalty; and all Spirits foun^l in any such Cellar, Room, or Place shall be forfeited; and on Conviction of any such licensed Person in any Penalty for having Spirits in his Possession* or for selling or retailing Spirits, the Licence of such Person for retailing Wine shall become nujl and void, and shall he so adjudged. j

XXVIII. Every Person licensed under this Act to still Wine by Retail shall, if required, sell or otherwise dispose of all such Wine (except Wine in Bottle and Quantities less than Half a Pint) by the (gallon, Quart, Pint, or Half Pint Measiirp, sized or marked according to the Standard, and shall also, if required by any Guest or Customer purchasing such Wine, retail the same in a Vessel sized or marked according to such Standard; and in default thereof he shall for every such Offence forfeit the illegal Measure, and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, together with the Costs of the Conviction, to be recovered by Information or Complaint made within Seven Days next after that on which the Offence was committed, before any Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions or Divisional Justice or Justices, as the Case may be; and such Penalty shall be over and above all Penalties to which the Offender may be liable under any other Act *

XXIX. No Person licensed under this Act to sell Wine by Retail shall have or keep his House open for the Sale of Wine, nor shall sell any Wine, nor shall suffer any Wine to be drunk or consumed in or at such House at any Time before the Hour of Seven of the Clock in the Morning, nor after Eleven of the Clock at Night, of any Day in the Week within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis; nor after Eleven of the Clock at Night within any City, Town Corporate, or Place, the Population of which, according to the last Parliamentary Census, shall exceed Two thousand five hundred, or within One Mile, to be measured as aforesaid, from any Polling Place used at the last Election for any Town having a like Population, and returning a Member or Members to Parliament; nor after Ten of the Clock at Night elsewhere; nor shall any such House be open for the Sale or Consumption therein of any Article whatever at any Time during which Houses licensed for the Sale of Spirits, Wine, Beer, Ale, Cider, or Perry, are or hereafter shall be closed on any Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving; nor at any Time between the Hours of One and Four of the Clock in the Morning on any Day whatever; and if any Person licensed as aforesaid shall keep his House open for selling or shall sell any Wine, or suffer any Wine to be drunk or consumed in or at such House, at any other Time than as herein-before prescribed and directed, or shall keep his House open as aforesaid, contrary to any Prohibition in this Clause contained, he shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Offence; and every separate Sale shall be deemed a separate Offence: Provided always, that nothing in this Clause contained

shall

371

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

shall extend to prevent the Keeper of a Refreshment House, being duly licensed to retail Wine, from selling to any Lodger therein any Wine at any Hour of the Day or Night, either on Sunday or any other Day.

XXX. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices acting for any County or Place where Houses licensed any Riot or Tumult shall happen or be expected to take place to order or direct that every of

Person licensed under the Authority of this Act to sell Wipe by Retail in any House closed by Order within their respective Jurisdiction, in or near the Place where such Riot or Tumult shall of Justices in happen or be expected to take place, shall close his House at any Time which the said Cases of Riot, Justices shall order or direct; and eiery such Person who shall ke^p open his House at or c' after any Hour at whidh such Justices shall have so ordered or directed such; House to be closed shall be taken and deemed to have not maintained good Order and Rule therein, and to be guilty of an Offence against the Tdnor of the Licence granted to him,

XXXI. Every Person licensed vender this Act to, sell Wine by Retail who shall permit Penalty on any Person to be guilty of Drunkenness or qther disorderly Conduct in the House or Premises ^ler8r^fit mentioned in such Licence, or who shall himself be guilty of any such disorderly Conduct, ting*^Dmnken-shall for every such Offence forfeit the respective Sums following; and every Person who ness, &c. in shall transgress or neglect or shall be a Party in transgressing or neglecting the Conditions their Houses, and Provisions specified in such Licence, or shall allow such Conditions or Provisions to be in any way transgressed or neglected in the said House or Premises, shall be deemed guilty of disorderly Conduct; and every Person teo licensed who shall permit or b guilty of any such disorderly Conduct shall 'for the First Offence forfeit any such Sum not less than. Forty First Offence. Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, as the Justice^or Justices before whom he shall be convicted of such Offence shall adjudge, and for the Second Offence any Sum not less than Second Of-Five Pounds nor more than Ten Pounds, and for the Third such Offence any Sum not less feDce* than Twenty Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the Justice or Tlurd Offence. Justices before whom any such Conviction for any such Second or Third Offence shall take place to adjudge, if he or they shall so think At, that such Offender shall be disqualified from selling Wine by Retail for any Term not exceeding Five Years next ensuing such Conviction, and to cause a Certificate of such Conviction to be transmitted to the Collector of Inland Revenue within whose District the Person so convicted shall reside; and if any Penalty for Person so licensed as aforesaid shall mix or cause to be mixed any Spirits or any Drugs or mixing Spirits other pernicious Ingredients with any Wine sold in his House or Premises, or shall fraudulently dilute or in anyways adulterate any such Wine, or shall sell or offer for Sale any Wine terating Wine, which, to the Knowledge of such Person, has been so mixed, diluted, or adulterated, he shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum not less than Ten Pounds nor more than Twenty First Offence. Pounds, as the Justice or Justices before whom he shall be convicted of such Offence shall adjudge, and for the Second such Offence he shall be disqualified from selling Wine by Second Of-Retail for the Term of Five Years, or forfeit any Sum of Money not less than Twenty fence% Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom he shall be adjudged guilty of such Offence; and if any Offender convicted of such Penalty on Second Offence as last aforesaid shall during such Term of Five Years sell any Wine by ^"convic-Retail, either in the House and Premises mentioned in his Licence or in any other Place, tion of Second he shall forfeit any Sum not less than Twenty-five Pounds nor more than Fifty Pounds, Offence, and shall be subject to a like Penalty at any and every House or Place where he shall commit such Offence.

XXXII. All Penalties under this Act, Except thoste denominated Excise Penalties, shall be recovered upon the Information or Complaint of any Inspector or Superintendent or Serjeant of Police, or any County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, before any Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions or before any Divisional Justice or Justices in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, and shall be prosecuted and proceeded for within Three Calendar Months next after the Commission of the Offence in respect of which such Penalty shall be incurred, or within such shorter Time as may be herein limited with regard to any particular Penalty; and every Person licensed under this Act to retail Wine, to be consumed on the Premises, who shall be convicted before any such Justice or Justices respectively of any Offence against the Tenor of the Licence to him granted under this Act,

or

Penalties other than Excise Penalties recoverable before a Justice or Justices in Petty Sessions, &c. within Three Months after Offence committed.

372

Second Offence.

Third Offence.

Justices may adjudge Premises disqualified for Sale of Wine on Proof that within Two Years last preceding such Third Conviction Two Convictions have taken place.

Penalties for Offences in Refreshment Houses.

Power to Justices to mitigate Penalties.

Appeal to the Sessions against a Second or Third Conviction.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 1<*7.

or of any Offence for which any Penalty is imposed by this Act, shall, unless Proof be adduced to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices respectively that such Person had been theretofore convicted within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next prepending of some Offence against the Tenor of his Licence or against this Act, be adjudged to J>e guilty of a First Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit and pay any Penalty by this Act imposed for such Offence, or if no specific Penalty be so imposed then any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction; and if such Proof as aforesaid shall be adduced that such Person had been previously convicted within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next preceding of One such Offence only, such Person shall be adjudged to be guilty of a Second Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit and pay any Penalty by this Act imposed for such Offence, or if no specific Penalty be so imposed then any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction; and if such Proof as aforesaid shall be adduced that such Person had been previously convicted within the Space of Eighteen Calendar Months next preceding of Two such separate Offences, and if Proof shall be adduced to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices respectively that such Person so charged is guilty of the Offence charged against him, such Person shall be adjudged to be guilty of a Third Offence against the Provisions of this Act, and to forfeit any Penalty imposed by this Act in respect of such Offence, or if no such specific Penalty shall be so imposed then to forfeit and pay the Sunt of Fifty Pounds, together with the Costs of the Conviction.

XXXIII. It shall be lawful for any stich Justice or Justices before whom any Person holding a Licence under this Act for the Sale of Wine by Retail shall be convicted of anj Offence against the Tenor of the said Licence, or for which any Penalty is imposed by this Act, if Proof shall be adduced to their Satisfaction that witliih Two Yenrs last preceding'such Conviction Two Convictions for any such Offence of the same Person, or of any other Person licensed in respect of the same House or Premises, have taken place, to declaro the Licence granted in respect of the said House or Premises forfeited and void, and to adjudge that no Licence for the Sale of Wine shall be granted to any Person whatever in respect of the said House or Premises for the Term of Three Years from the Date of such Adjudication, of which Adjudication the Justice or Justices shall give Notice to the Supervisor of Excise; and any Licence for the Sale of Wine that may be granted in respect of the said House or Premises during the said Term of Three Years shall be null and void.

XXXIV. Every Person licensed to keep a Refreshment House under this Act who shall (without a Licence for that Purpose) sell or permit or suffer to be sold within such Refreshment House any intoxicating Liquor, or shall knowingly suffer any unlawful Games or Gaming therein, or knowingly suffer Prostitutes, Thieves, or drunken and disorderly Persons, or Members of an unlawful Society to assemble at or continue in or upon his Premises, or do, suffer, or permit any Act in contravention of his Licence, shall, upon Conviction thereof before any such Justice or Justices as herein-before mentioned, pay for the First Offence a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Second Offence a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds, and for every subsequent Offence a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or be subject to a Forfeiture of his Licence, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom he shall be convicted; and in case of such Forfeiture of his Licence, such Person shall be disqualified for the Space of One Year then next ensuing from obtaining a fresh Licence; and such fresh Licence, if obtained within the said Year, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXV. It shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act to mitigate, if he or they shall see Cause, any Penalty incurred for such Offence; provided that where any Conviction shall take place, on any Information exhibited under the Laws of Excise such Penalty shall not be mitigated to any less Sum than One Fourth Part thereof.

XXXVI. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Party convicted of any such Second or Third Offence to appeal to the Quarter Sessions of the Division within which such Person shall reside, or if in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, to the Recorder of

373

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

of the Cky.of Duhlinbt the Quarter Sessions then next ensuing, unless such Sessions shall be held within Twelve Days next after such Conviction, and in that Case to the then next subsequent Sessions; and in such Case the Party so convicted shall, before the convicting Justice or Justices, forthwith enter into a Recognizance, with Two sufficient Sureties, personally to appear at such Quarter Sessions, and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereupon, and to pay such Costs as shall be by the Court awarded, which Recognizances such Justices are hereby authorized to require and take, or in failure of the Party convicted entering into such Recognizance the Conviction shall remain good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices who shall take such Recognizance from the Party convicted are also hereby required to bind the Person who shall make such Charge in a Recognizance to appear at such Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, then and there to give Evidence against the Person so charged, and in like Manner to bind any other Person who shall have any Knowledge of the Circumstances of such Offence; and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessions to adjudge such Person to be guilty of any such Second or Third Offence against the Provisions of this Act, as the Case may be, and such Adjudication shall be final.to nil Intents and Purposes; and it shall be lawful for such Court of Quarter Sessions to punish such Offender by Fine not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with the Costs of such Appeal, or to adjudge the Licence granted to and held by or on behalfttf fetich Offender to be forfeited and void, or to adjudge that no Wine shall be sold by Retail in the House or Premises mentioned in the Licence of such Offender for the Term of Two Years from the Date of such Adjudication, or to punish such Offender by such Fine as aforesaid, and to adjudge such Premises to be disqualified for the Sale of Wine as aforesaid, and such Licence to be forfeited and void, and if such Licence shall be adjudged to be forfeited and void, it shall thenceforth be void accordingly; and whenever in such Case or in any other Case the Licence of such Offender* shall be adjudged to be void, such Offender shall from and after such Adjudication be deemed and taken to be incapable of selling Wine by Retail in any House kept by him for the Space of Two Years, to be computed from the Time of such Adjudication, and any Licence granted to such Person during such Term shall be void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVII. Whenever it shall happen that any Appeal in pursuance of this Act shall Court to ad-be dismissed, or that the Judgment appealed against shall be affirmed, or that such Appeal Costs of shall be abandoned, it shall be lawful for the Court to which such Appeal shall have been tamCa^.^ made or intended to have been made, and such Court is hereby required, to adjudge and

order that the Party so having appealed, or having entered into such Recognizance, shall pay to the Respondent or Person prosecuting such Charge such Sum by way of Costs as shall in the Opinion of such Court be sufficient to indemnify such Respondent or Person from all Costs and Charges whatsoever to which such Respondent or Person may have been put in consequence of the Intention or declared Intention of such Party to appeal; and if such Party: shall refuse or neglect to pay forthwith such Sum, it shall be lawful for the said Court to adjudge and order that the Party so refusing or neglecting shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, thereto remain until such Sum be paid, or for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, tinless such Sum be sooner paM; and in every Case in which the Judgment so appealed against shall be reversed it shall be lawful for such Court (if it shall think fit) to adjudge and order that the Treasurer of the County in and for which such Justice or Justices whose Judgment shall have been so feversed shall have acted on the Occasion when they shall have given such Judgment shall pay to such Respondent or Person, or to whomsoever they shall appoint, such Sum as shall in the Opinion of such Court be sufficient to indemnify such Respondent or Person from all Costs and Charges whatsoever to which he or they may have been so put; and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized to pay the same, which shall be allowed to him in his Accounts.

XXXVIII. In every Case in which any Appeal shall be made by any Person convicted of Proceedings on any Offence under the Provisions of this Act to the Quarter Sessions it shall be lawful for the ^J^ed on by convicting Justice or Justices, if no other fit and proper Person shall appear to prosecute such the Constable, Charge, and to carry on such Proceedings as may be necessary to obtain at such Session an and the Ex* Adjudication thereon, to order that an Inspector, or Superintendent, or Serjeant of Police ^cotion^o

within

374

charged on the County.

Justice or Justices empowered to summon Witnesses and examine them on Oath.

Penalty on Witnesses refusing to attend or to give Evidence.

Penalty for harbouring Constables while on Duty.

Penalty on drunken aGd disorderly Persons refusing to quit licensed Houses on Request.

Constables required to assist

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, or, if elsewhere, a County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable of the District in which the House kept by the Person charged shall be situate, as to the said Justice or Justices respectively shall seem fit, shall carry on all Proceedings necessary to Obtain such Adjudication as aforesaid, and to bind any such Inspector, Superintendent, or Serjeant of Police, or County'Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable, in a sufficient Recognisance so to do; and it shall be lawful for the Justice Or Justices before whom such Offender shall have been convicted to order the Treasurer of the County in and' for which such Justice or Justices shall then act to pay to such Inspector, Superintendent, Serjeant of Police, or County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Hoad or other Constable, and to the Witnesses on hte Behalf, Such Sum or Sums of Money as to the Court shall appear to be sufficient to reimburse them respectively the Expenses which they shall have been severally put to in and about such Prosecution, which Order the Clerk of the Peace is hereby directed and required forthw4th to make out, and, to deliver to such Constable, Superintendent, Inspector, or other Peace Officer and Witnesses respectively; and the said Treasurer is hereby authorized and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to the Person authorized to receive the same such Money as aforesaid, and the said Treasurer shall be allowed the same in his Accounta,

i \9 . 1

XXXIX. It shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices before whom. respectively any Question shall be depending touching any Objection against the granting or .renewing of a Lipence undep the, Provisions of this Act, to su^uqoflL^Vitnps^ on behalf of either Party to suqh Question, and to examine all such Witnesses on Oftth* ape} to dp pud perforin all Things necessary for thp due and, proper Hearing and Dpterpnnation of1 S(uc^ Question, and also to order Payment of Fees, Allowances, and, reasonable Expenses to, all Witnesses* Constables, and other Persons , by whom any Efuties shall fyave, performed pr Expenses or Loss of Time incurred respectively pn^er this Ac$; and the Amount of speh Fees, Allowances, and Expenses shall be ascertained according tp tfye /Tables, of yees and Allowances for the Time being in force in the District within which the Refreshment Douse in question shall be situate; and the Order for Payment may be made at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices, either wholly or partially, on the Applicant or in the Object or; and the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act* 1851/* fot the Recovery of Costs ordered by a Justice or Justices in Petty Sessions to be paid, shall apply td all Costs? Allowances, and Expenses ordered to be paid under this Act .;

XL. Any Person summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices or Sessions touching any Matters arising unddr this Act, either on the Part of the Complainant or of the Person accused, or of any Person interested in any such Mattqr, who shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time and Place for that Purpose appointed, and who shall not make such reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal as shall be admitted and allowed by such Justice or Justices or Sessions, or who appearing shall refuse to bd examined on Oath or Affirmation and give Evidence, shall, on Conviction, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence.

XLI. Every Person licensed to sell Wine, Spirits, Beer, Cider, or any other fermented or distilled Liquors by Retail, to be drunk or consumed on the Premises, who knowingly harbours or entertains, or suffers to remain in the Place wherein he carries on his Business, any Constable during any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, unless for the Purpose of quelling any Disturbance or restoring Order, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XLII. Any Person who shall be drunk, riotous, quarrelsome, or disorderly in any Shop, House, Premises, or Place licensed for the Sale of Beer, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail to be consumed on the Premises, or for Refreshment, Resort, and Entertainment under the Provisions of this Act, and shall refuse or neglect to quit such Shop, House, Premises, or Place upon being requested so to do by the Manager or Occupier, or his Agent or Servant, or by any Constable, shall, on Conviction thereof before any Justice or Justices, be liable to pay a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings; and all Constables are hereby authorized, empowered, and required, on the Demand of such Manager, Occupier, Agent, or

Servant,

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107.

Servant, to assist in expelling snob drunken, riotous, quarrelsome, and disorderly Persons from such Shops, Houses; Premises, and Places.

XLIII. From and after the passing, of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person sellipg or licensed to sell Beer, Cider, Spirits, or, Wipe by Retq.il, to be druqkor consumed, on the Premises^ in Ireland, Ao keep his House open* an4 to sell and retail Spirits? Wine, and Beer as aforesaid, at any Time between, the Hour of Seven of *the Clock in the Morning and, the Hour of Eleven o'Clock at Night qn every. Pay except Sunday, Goqd Friday, Christmas Day, or any Pay appointed for a Public Fast or, Thanksgiving, and on all such last-mentioned Pays at-any Time petween the HouTjof Two.of the Clock in the Afternoon and the Hour , of Eleven o'Clock, at being the Times limited, by the Fourteenth

Section of an Act parsed; in the Fourth, of Hiqjato Majesty iting, William the Faurtb, intituled Art tp amend the Laws, relating Jo the, Safe qffVive, Spirits, Beer, and Cider by Retail m IreJ^q<p hqt W7 licenspd Person selling at in^y other Times than those so limited shjdhhe liable tp, the penalties imposed(by-the smd l^men^cmed Act. (

XLIV. All Proceedings1 under this Act f6r the Recovery of Penalties ordered by any Justice or Justices to be paid, or 4br the Recovery of Penalties incurred under this Act (except the Penalties herein denominated "Excise Penaltiep"), and the Appearance of any Witnefey and1 tfi6 Hearing and 'Determination of any(Complaint's, or any* othe^ Matter relating thereth, shhll be subject m all respects to the Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1831, as the same is anteridedly," The Petty Sessions Clerks (Ireland) Act, 1838," when the Case shall be heard1 in any Petty Sessions District, and to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Divisional Police Offices when ' the same Adtt be heard in the Police'District of Dublin Metropolis, ' so far'as the said Provisions shall be consistent with''any special Provisions Of this Act^ and when apy Fine of Penalty is imposed under the Provisions of this Act, such Fines and Penalties shall b6 paid over to Such Purposes and applied in such Manner as is provided by" The Fines Adt (/refe>(dy 1851."

XLV. The penalties imposed by this Act denominated Exeiee Penalties shall be recovered, levied, mitigated, and applied by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and in like Manner, as Penalties may be rccqv«redj levied, v mitigated, and applied under the Laws of Excise in that Behalf, ' .

XLVI. Provided always, TTiat ally dovehant or Clause of Restriction contained in any Lease or Contract between a Landlord and Tenant, whereby any House* Building, or Place is'prohibited , froin being U91 as a Public House, shall be construed to apply.juid extend to every Person who sbia0 be licensed fo sell Wing to be consumed on the Premises under the Provisions of thip Actj an^ to apy House specified in the Licence granted to such Person .: .,

XLVII. In the Construction of this Act the word u Treasurer" shall includo " Finance Committee.", ^;

XLVIII. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

.' schedule

No. 1. '

Form of Licence to the Keeper of a Refreshment House.

We, the undersigned, being the Collector and Supervisor of Excise for the Collection of and District of, do hereby authorize and empower

, now being a Householder, and dwelling in a House in,

in the Parish of, within the Limits of the said Collection and

District, to keep open the said House as a Refreshment House, and to sell any Victual or Refreshment to be consumed therein, aiul in the Premises thereunto belonging (provided that for the Sale of any exciseable Liquor he shall have in force a proper Licence granted to him in that Behalf), and for this Licence he hath paid the Sum of the said

House and Premises being of [or under, as the Case may be] the Value of () Pounds

23 & 24 VICT. 3 B a Year,

375

in expelling them.

Honrs for keeping open Premises occupied by Persons licensed to sell Beer, See. to be consumed on Premises.

Proceedings under this Act for the Recovery of Penalties, &c.

How Excise Penalties under this Act are to be recovered, &c.

Covenants against Houses, &c. being used as Public Houses to extend, &o. c.

Interpretation of Terms.

To extend to Ireland only.

376

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c, 107.

a Year, according to the Valuation thereof made for Poor Law Purposes under the Laws now in force; and this Licence is granted upon Condition that the said do not

wilfully or knowingly permit any Drunkenness, or any violent or quarrelsome or other disorderly Conduct, in his House or Premises, nor knowingly suffer any unlawful Games or any gaming whatsoever therein, nor knowingly suffer or permit Persons of known bad Character to assemble and meet together therein, but do maintain good Order and Rule therein: And this Licence shall continue in force from the Day of

until the First Day of April next ensuing, and no longer; and this Licence shall cease and determine, and shall become void, in case any of the Conditions or Regulations contained therein shall be tranggressed or shall not be observed by the said

Given under our Hands, this Day of 186 .

, Collector.

, Supervisor.

No. 2.

Form of Licence to the Keeper of a Refreshment House to sell therein Wine by Retail to be

consumed on the Premises.

We, the undersigned, being the Collector and Supervisor of Excise for th£ Collection of and District of, do hereby authorize and empower

, now being a Householder, and dwelling in a House in, in

the Parish of, within the Limits of the said Collection and

District, for which he has taken out a Licence as a Refreshment House, to sell therein Foreign Wine by Retail, in order that it may be consumed in the said Refreshment House and in the Premises thereunto belonging, and for this Licence he hath paid the Sum of the said House and Premises being of [or under, as the Case may be] the

Value of () Pounds a Year, according to the Valuation thereof made for

Poor Law Purposes under the Laws now in force, and this Licence is granted upon Condition that the said do not mix or cause to be mixed any Spirits, or any

Drugs or other pernicious Ingredients, in any Wine sold in his said House and Premises, nor fraudulently dilute, or in anyways adulterate any such Wine, nor sell or offer for Sale any Wine which to his Knowledge has been so mixed, diluted, or adulterated; nor use in selling any Wine any Measures which are not of the legal Standard; nor wilfully or knowingly permit any Drunkenness, or any violent or quarrelsome or other disorderly Conduct in his House or Premises; nor knowingly suffer any unlawful Games or any gaming whatsoever therein^ nor knowingly suffer or permit Persons of known bad Character to assemble and meet together therein, but do maintain good Order and Rule therein; nor have or keep his House or Premises open for the Sale of any Victual, Refreshment, or Wine, nor sell any Victual, Refreshment, or Wine, nor suffer the same to be consumed or drunk in or at such House or Premises, at any Time before the Hour of () o'Clock

in the Morning nor after any Hour of the Clock at Night prohibited by the Act 23d Victoria, Cap.

[this Act], nor have or keep his House or Premises open for the Sale or Consumption therein of any Article whatever at any Time during which the Houses for the Sale of Spirits, Wine, Beer, Ale, Cider, or Perry are required by Law to be closed on any Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, except to a Lodger therein; and this Licence shall continue in force from the Day of until the First Day of April next ensuing,

and no longer: Provided and upon Condition that the said shall not

in the meantime become a Sheriff's Officer, or Officer for executing the legal Process of any Court of Justice; and this Licence shall cease and determine and shall become void in case any of the Conditions or Regulations contained therein shall be trangressed or shall not be observed by the said

Given under our Hands, this Day of 186 .

, Collector.

, Supervisor.

No.

377

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107. '

No. 3.

Form of Licence to sell Wine by Retail, not to be consumed on the Premises.

We, the undersigned, being the Collector and Supervisor of Excise for the Collection of and District of do hereby authorize and empower,

now keeping a Shop for the Sale of Goods and Commodities at,

in the Parish of, within the Limits of the said Collection and District, to

sell therein Foreign and British Wine by Retail, and in reputed Quart or Pint Bottles only, and not to be consumed in the House or Shop or on the said Premises where sold, and for this Licence he hath paid the Sum of the House and Premises

being of [or under, as the Case may be] the Value of () Pounds a Year accord-

ing to the Valuation thereof made for Poor Law Purposes under the Laws now in force; and this Licence is granted upon Condition that the said do not mix

or cause to be mixed any Spirits or any Drugs or other pernicious Ingredients in any Wine sold in his Shop or Premises, nor fraudulently dilute or in anyways adulterate any such Wine, nor sell or offer for Sale any Wine which to his Knowledge has been so mixed, diluted, or adulterated; and this Licence shall continue in force from the, Day

of until the First Day of April next ensuing, and no longer.

Given under our Hands, this Day of 186 .

, Collector.

, Supervisor.

No. 4.

Form of Recognizance.

A.B. Appellant. \ Petty Session District of, County of,

C.D. Respondent. J or Dublin Metropolitan Police District of

Whereas the Justice or Justices [or if in the City of Dublin, A.B., Divisional Justice], on the Day of 18, made an Order refusing to grant

to the Appellant, being licensed to keep a Refreshment House, a Licence [or a Renewal of a Licence, as the Case may be], to entitle him [or her] to sell Foreign Wine by Retail to be consumed therein, upon the Grounds that [state Grounds mentioned in the Order]: The undersigned, principal Party to this Recognizance, hereby binds himself [or herself] to perform the following Obligation; that is to say, to prosecute his [or her] Appeal at the Quarter Sessions to be held at, and to pay such Costs as the [Chairman or

Recorder] shall order or direct; and the said principal Party, together with the undersigned Sureties, hereby severally acknowledge themselves bound to forfeit to the Crown the Sums following; that is to say, the said principal Party the Sum of (), and the

undersigned Sureties the Sum of () each, in case the principal Party fails

to perform his [or her] Obligation.

(Signed) A.B. (Principal Party.)

G} (Sureties.)

Taken before me this Day of, 18, at

(Signed) Y.Z. (Justice or Divisional

Justice.)

No. 5.

Form of Certificate.

Quarter Sessions District of, County of

A.B., Appellant. 1 I certify, that on the Hearing of the Appeal in this Case from an C.D., Respondent. J Order made by the Justices of the Petty Sessions District of [or A.B., Divisional Justice,] on the Day of last, refusing

3 B 2 to

20 & 21 Vict. c. 48.

Powers of the Committee of Council on Education under 20 & 21 Vict. c. 48. transferred to the Secretary of State.

The Application which, by the 15th and 16th S^ct-tions of said Act, is directed to be made by the School Manager, may be made by any Person authorized by Secretary of State.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 107, 108, 109.

to grant to tie Appellant, bein^ licensed to keep a Refreshment House, a Licence [or a Renewal of a Licence] to entitle him to sell Foreign Wine by Retail to be consumed therein, it was ordered by the Court that the said Order of Refusal be reversed, and the said Appellant was declared entitled to obtain such Wine Licence [or such Renewal of such Wine Licence].

Dated this Day1 of

(, Clerk of the Peace.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to amend the Industrial Schools Act, 1857.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Twentieth and Twenty-

first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-eight, "to make better Provision for the

" Care and Education of vagrant, destitute, and disorderly Children, and for the Extension of Industrial Schools," an^ by the said Act Powers are vested In the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council on Education of causing Examination and Reports to be made as

to Industrial Schools, and of granting and withdrawing Certificates for the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Powers vested in the said Committee

under the said Act should be transferred to , the Secretary of State: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

I, All the Powers now vested in the Committee of the Privy Council on Education under the said Act shall be vested in and shall be exercised by One of Her Majesty's Principal .Secretaries of State, apd the aaicj Act shall be construed as if, where such Committee is therein mentioned or referred to, suph Secretary of State had been mentioned or referred to; and any Certificate which by thp said Act was to be granted under the Hand of the President of Her Majesty's Privy Council or of the Vice-President of the said Committee thereof may be granted under the I[and, of the Secretary of State.

II. And whereas by the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Sections of the said Act it is provided that any Justices of the County in which the certified Industrial School to which any Child has been sent is situate, or in \Vhifch the Parent is residing, may, upon the Complaint of the Managers of such School, summon the Parent, and may order him to pay to such Managers a weekly Sum according to his Ability: Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Justices to take any of the Steps prescribed by the said Fifteenth and Sixteenth Sections, upon the Complaint of any Person authorized by the Secretary of State, although no Complaint may have been made on the Part of the Managers of the School.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

[28th August 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having considered the State, Condition, and Sufficiency of the Fortifications existing for the Defenoe of the United

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 109. 379

United Kingdom, and being desirous to provide forthwith for the Construction of certain Works for the Defence of Your Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Poi'tlandi and for the Creation of a Central Arsenal, have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty the Sum of Two Millions, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, towards defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred for those Purposes, and we have resolved that a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of Two Millions be raised by such Terminable Annuities os herein-after mentioned, and we do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty^ that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ancLby the Authority of the same, as follows:

The Sum c-f

I. Towards defraying the Expenses herein-after mentioned any Sum or Sums, not 2,000,000l. to

exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two Millions, shall be issued and applied out of the

Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing dated*Fund°

Produce thereof, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury towards the

from Time to 'Time to issue and apply the same accordingly. ': 1 ' Expenses after

rr J 0 J mentioned.

II. Such Sum or Sums as may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing Appropriation Produce thereof, as aforesaid shall be applied as mentioned in the Schedule to this Act of the Money towards defraying the Expenses incurred, or to be incurred in constructing the aforesaid Expenses^/116 Fortifications and Works for the Defence of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards of the constructing United Kingdom, (including the Naval Establishment at Haulbowlirte^) and the Fortifications Fortifications, at Dover and Portland, and in providing a Central Arsenal, and in purchasing the Land and

Rights in Land that may be required for the Purposes of1 such Fortifications, Works, and Arsenal. Arsenal; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time apply such Sum or Sums accordingly.

III. To provide for the Issues to be made, out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing Treasury to Produce thereof, and to repay to thje Consolidated Fund the Amount which may have been previously so issjued under this Act, of for either oi* thos^'Purposes, it shall be lawful for the Annuities for Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or from Time to Time, after the a Term not

Sa>sing of this Act, to raise any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in Jthe whole the Sum of Two Thirt^rs lillions, as herein-after mentioned; and for rairing* all br any Portions which may be so y

raised from Time to Time the'saiij Sum bf Two Millions, it shall bd lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to cause to be created, and vested in the Contributors to the said Sum or to the respective Portions thereof, Annuities for such Term not exceeding the Term of Thirty Years, as the Commissioners of the Treasury may think fit -to fix in the Contract, with such Contributors, and to be payable half-yearly by equal Payments on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth' Day of October.

IV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to contract, in such Manner and under such Regulations as they may deem advisable, with any Person or Persons, liody or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who may be willing to advance the whole or any Part of the said Sum of Two Millions^ or of the Portion thereof which the said Commissioners may at any Time think it requisite to raise, and to appoint and fix the Amount and Times of Payment of Deposits and Instalments of or in respect of the Sums contracted to be advanced, and to declare and fix the Term and the Amount of Annuity to be created under this Act, to which the several Persons and Corporations advancing such Sums (who are herein referred to as the Contributors), their respective Executors or Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall be entitled in respect of each One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, and to appoint on which of the half-yearly Days herein-before mentioned the First Half Year's Payment of Annuity shall become due, and the Time or Times at which the said Annuities or proportional Amounts thereof shall be placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and to fix the Time during which Receipts for such Deposits or Instalments as aforesaid shall be assignable; and the several Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall be entitled for every One hundred Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid to an Annuity for such Term and of such Amount as shall be so fixed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, to be

Treasury to fix the Term and Amount of Annuity to be granted to Contributors for every 100/., and Terms of Payment of Subscriptions.

380

Power to Guardians, &c. to subscribe for Infants.

Time at which Annuities may be transferred.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c, 109.

payable during the Term so fixed by half-yearly Payments as aforesaid, the First half-yearly Payment to be due as the said Commissioners may have appointed as aforesaid.

V. It shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the Disposition of; the Money of any Infant to contribute and pay for or towards advancing any Part of any Slim to be raised by Annuities in manner aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof, in such and the like Manner as any other Contributor; and such Guardian or Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

VI. All Deposits, Instalments, and Sums to be paid by the Contributors, their Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Two Millions, shall be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall, after Payment of the required Deposit, have made due Payment of any subsequent Instalment payable by them respectively on the Days appointed by

he said Commissioners of the Treasury, towards a Sum raised under this Act, suen Contributors may have a proportional Amount of the Annuities to which they may be entitled in respect of such Instalment forthwith placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, and on Payment of the last Instalment such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have a proportional Amount of like Annuities placed to their respective Credits corresponding, at the Rate aforesaid, to the aggregate Amount of the Deposit and of such last Instalment; and the Persons to whose Credit such Annuities, or such proportional Parts thereof, shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England (in such Manner as is herein-after directed); and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after Notice from the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Purpose, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Contributors, and of placing to their Credit the Annuities to which they will be entitled under this Act

Contributors VII. All such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who may anticipate shall pay into the Hands of the said Cashier or Cashiers the whole of their respective Con-Payments. tribution Money, or any Part thereof in anticipation of the Instalments appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any of them, shall be entitled to have forthwith inscribed into their respective Names the whole or such proportional Amount of the said Annuities; but Discount shall not be allowed on any such Payment in anticipation of any of the said Instalments.

Annuities payable and transferable at the Bank.

Money to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for Payment of Annuities and Charges, and shall be charged upon the said Fund.

Bank of England to appoint a Cashier and

VIII. All the Annuities created under this Act shall be payable and paid and be transferable at the Bank of England.

IX. So much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Annuities to be created under the Act, together with the Charges attending the same, and all the said Annuities shall be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the said Consolidated Fund.

X. For the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, the aid Governor and Company of the B^nk of .England and their ^Successors shall ^rom Time

to

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 109.

to Time, until all the said Annuities shall have expired, appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One or -other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and so much of the Money by this Act to be set apart for the Purpose as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said Annuities and the Charges attending the same shall, by Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the Dividends payable by virtue of this Act; and such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued shall from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers* and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

XI. The Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall receive any Deposits or Instalments from Contributors in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Two Millions shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums, and also Warrants for the proportional Amounts of Annuity to be created in respect of the Instalments intermediate between the Deposit and the last Instalment on the Payment of those Instalments respectively; and the Receipts and Warrants so to be given shall be assignable and transferable by Delivery thereof during such Time as shall have been fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and no longer; and such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer as after mentioned all the Monies which he or they shall hereafter receive from Time to Time of and for any Portion of the said Sum of Two Millions, and for hccouriting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed, and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the farthest, into and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

XII. All such Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in respect of the said Sum of Two Millions, or any Portion thereof, raised by Annuities as aforesaid, shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XIII. In the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors to any Portion of the said Sum of Two Millions which may be raised under this Act shall be fairly entered; which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all seasonable Times resort to and inspect without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, at such Time or Times as may be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, transmit an attested Duplicate, fairly written on Paper, of the said Book or Books, into the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XIV. In case any such Contributors to any Portion of the Sum of Two Millions which may be raised under this Act, after having paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money as a Deposit, at the Time and in the Manner appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, in part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiera the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the

Times

381

an Accountant General, and the Treasury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier for Payment of Annuities.

Cashier to give Receipts for Subscriptions, and pay the Mopey he receives into the Exchequer.

The Money paid into the Exchequer to form Part of the Consolidated Fund.

A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors Names, and a Duplicate to be transmitted to the Exchequer.

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited.

382

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 109.

Times and in the Manner which shall have been appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, then and in every such Case such Deposit shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right anjl Title to the said Deposit, and to the Annuity in respect thereof, shall be extinguished.

Annuities to be XV. All Persons and Corporations who1 shall be entitled to any of the Annuities sonaTEs^ate which may be created under f; his Act, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nojr liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise.

Accountant XVI. Books shall be constWl^ kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being,

General^ wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Annuities cheated under this Act shall be

emeringTranfr. enterc(l and registered, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, fere. and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if such Parties

be absent by their respective Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more Witnesses; and the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof: and no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good Transfers not or available in Law; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Dudes*0 Stamp Transfers, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to the XVII. Provided, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury Treasury to add if they think it expedient so to do, for raising all or any Portion of the said Sum of creaud^ndw Two Millions, to contract and provide that all or any of the terminable Annuities to be this Act to the created under the Provisions of this Act in respect of such Sum or Portion as aforesaid Stock of exist- shall be consolidated with and deemed Part of the Joint Stock of the terminable Annuities AnnuiSe^of16 created by the Act of the Session holderi in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her like Duration. Majesty, Chapter Eighteen, or of the Joint Stock of any terminable Annuities transferable at the Bank of England and charged on the Consolidated Fund by the Authority of Parliament, for the same Term for the Time being, ^nexpirpd, and payable on the same half-yearly Days as the Annuities which they may contract to create, and in every such Case the Annuities to be created under this Act stall be added to and1 form Part of the Joint Stock of the previously existing Annuities accordingly.

Allowance to Bank of England for the Expense of Management.

XVIII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England of the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every Million of the said Contributions as an Allowance for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the same, and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Accountant General for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act, which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

Fortifications, &c. to be executed under the Direction of the Secretary for War.

XIX. The Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal, the Expenses of constructing and providing which are to be defrayed under this Act, shall be constructed and provided respectively under the Direction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and the Land to be purchased and acquired for the Purposes of such Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal shall be vested in the said Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty.

Accounts to be XX. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall in the Month of July in the lUment°re Par" Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and in every subsequent Year in which n any Part of the said Sum of Two Millions shall be issued from the Consolidated Fund or raised by Annuities under this Act, cause to be prepared an Account of the Monies raised under this Act up to the First Day of that Month, and of the Amount of Annuities created in respect of the Money so raised, and of the Monies which shall have been issued out of the Consolidated Fund in respect of the Sum of Two Millions charged on that Fund under this Act

13.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 109. 383

Act up to the said First Day of July, specially showing the Works or Purposes for or in respect of which the Monies may have been applied; and showing the Amount, if any, which may remain to be raised of the said Sum of Two Millions authorized to be raised under this Act, and the Amount, if any, remaining to be issued or applied of the said Sum of Two Millions charged on the said Consolidated Fund; every such Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith after the Preparation thereof, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XXI. If any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or Persons coun-counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or C^n

Receipts for the whole or any Part or Parts of the said Contributions towards any Sum tributions, &c.- raised under this Act, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons guilty of being inserted therein as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Payer or Payers Felony« thereof or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such Person so forging or counterfeiting or altering, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited or altered, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall, at the Discretion of the Court, be liable to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, or with or without solitary Confinement, for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

XXII. The said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, Bank to con-

notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts

for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of Annuities here-

this Act until the Annuities created under this Act shall cease. ty granted

cease.

SCHEDULE.

Schedule of Sums proposed to be expended on Fortifications and Works at the undermentioned Places between the 1st August 1860 and 1st August 1861, under this Act

District. Amount.

Portsmouth - Plymouth - - -Pembroke ---- Thames ---- Medway - - Chatham ---- Dover ---- Cork - - Central Arsenal - -£ - 580,000 - 450,000 - 60,000 - 60,000 - 100,000 - 170,000 - 50,000 - 30,000 - 150,000

Total For Works in Progress already sanctioned by Parliament - .£1, 650,000 - 350,000

Grand Total ---- £2,000,000

The several Sums include the Expense of Purchase of Land and other incidental Expenses.

23 & 24 Vict.

3 C

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 110.

In lieu of the Duties, &c. now payable, the Duties, Rates, &c. to be charged as herein mentioned.

CAP. CX.

An Act to consolidate the Duties of Customs.

[28th August 1860.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and_ Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. In lieu of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs, Rates, and Charges now payable on the Importation or Exportation of Goods into or from Great Britain and Ireland, there shall be charged and allowed on the Importation into and Exportation from Great Britain and Ireland of the following Articles the several Duties and Drawbacks of Customs, Rates, and Charges herein-after mentioned.

Duties of Customs, &c.

1.

Beer and Ale; viz.,

---- Mum

Spruce

£ 8. d.

---- of other Sorts

---- the Barrel

- the Barrel

- the Barrel

2. Cards; viz.,

---- Playing Cards - - the Dozen Packs

3. Chicory, or any other Vegetable Matter applicable to t|ie Uses of Chicory or

Coffee; viz.,

---- raw or kiln-dried ---- the Cwt.

---- roasted or ground - - - the lb.

4. Chloroform - - - the lb.

5. Cocoa - - the lb.

---- Husks and Shells - ---- - the Cwt.

---- Paste or Chocolate - - the lb.

6. Coffee -- -- -- the lb.

---- kiln-dried, roasted, or ground - - the lb.

A Drawback shall be allowed on all roasted Coffee exported as Ship's Stores, or removed to the Isle of Man for Consumption there, equal in Amount to the Import Duty on raw Coffee.

7. Cotks, ready made, until 31st March 1862 inclusive - - the lb.

8. Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, and Articles of the like Character; viz.: —

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

Wheat

* --Barley -

--Oats -

---Rye -

---Pease -

---Beans (not Kidney or French) -

---Maize or Indian Corn

---Buck Wheat -

---Bear or Bigg -

---Wheat Meal and Flour -

--- Barley Meal -

---Oat Meal and Groats -

---Rye Meal and Flour -

---Pea Meal -

--Bean Meal -

--Maize or Indian Com Meal -

---Buck Wheat Meal -

---Meal, not otherwise enumerated or described

--Arrow Root -

---Barley, pearled -

--Biscuit and Bread -

- N

-A

o

o

o

0 15 0

6

0

3

0

2

0

0

0

0

4

0

1

0

2

3

4

0 0 3

} each the Quarter 0 10

) - each the Cwt 0 0 4

A

£ s. d.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 110.

Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, and Articles of the like Character, continued; viz.: —

---- Cassava Powder -

---- Macaroni -

---- Mandioca Flour -

---- Manna Croup -

---- Potatoe Flour -

---- Powder, viz., Hair -

---- Perfumed -

---- , ---- Not otherwise enumerated or described that ... - A

will serve the same Purpose as Starch -; eac^ *ie

---- Rice Dust and Meal -

---- Sago -

---- Semolina -

---- Starch -

-Gum of, torrified or calcined

---- Tapioca -

---- Vermicelli -

385

9. Dice -

10. Essence of Spruce -

11. Fruit, not Raw nor preserved in Sugar; viz.,

---- Currants -

---- Figs .....

---- Fig Cake -

---- Plums, commonly called French Plums, and Pru-

nelloes -

---- — Dried or preserved (except in Sugar), not otherwise described -

---- Prunes -

---- Raisins -

12. Hats or Bonnets, until 31st March 1861 inclusive; viz.,

---- of Chip -

— ---- — of Bast, Cane, or Horsehair

---- — of Straw ...

13. Hops, until 31st December 1860 inclusive

--- from 1st January 1861 to 31st December 1861 inclusive -

— — from and after that Date -

14. Malt - - - th(

15. Paper, on and after the 16th August 1860; viz.,

---- Brown Paper, made of old Rope or Cordage only without

separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith

---- Printed, painted, or stained Paper Hangings, or Flock

Paper -

— ---- Gilt, stained, coloured, embossed, and all Fancy Kinds, not

being Paper Hangings -

---- Waste Paper, or Paper of any Sort, not particularly

enumerated or described, not otherwise charged with Duty -

---- Millboards -

---- Pasteboard -

---- Books; viz.,

---- , ---being of Editions printed in or since the Year 1801,

bound or unbound -

---- admitted under Treaties of International Copyright,

or if of and from any British Possession 3 C 2

- the Pair 110 for every £100 Value 10 0 0

- each the Cwt 0 7 0

the lb. 0 1 3

- the lb. 0 1 3

the lb. 0 1 3

the Cwt. 2 5 0

the Cwt. 1 0 0

the Cwt. 0 15 0

5 Quarter 1 5 0

the Cwt. 0 16 0

the Cwt. 0 14 0

the Cwt 0 16 0

the Cwt 0 16 0

the Cwt. 0 16 0

the Cwt. 0 15 0

the Cwt. 0 16 0

the Cwt. 0 15 0

386

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 110.

Paper, continued; viz.: —

---- Prints, and Drawings; viz.,

---- Plain or coloured -

---- Prints, &c. admitted under Treaties of International

Copyright -

---- — or and at the Option of the Importer,

---- -r- — Single ., -

---- — ---. — Bound -

16, Pepper of all Sorts

17. Plate; viz.,

£ 1. d.

the Cwt. 0 16 0

the Cwt. 0 15 0

- each 0 0 o *

the Dozen 0 0 H

- the lb. 0 0 6

and 51. per Cent thereon.

—; ---- of Gold - the Ounce Troy

-- — of Silver, gilt or ungilt - the Ounce Troy

18. Ships, with the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture; viz.

Foreign, built of Wood, and Ships built of Wood in any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, on the Registration thereof as British Ships at any Port or Place for the Registry of British Ships in Great Britain and Ireland, for every Ton of the gross registered Tonnage without any Deduction in respect of Engine Room or otherwise -

19. Spirits or Strong Waters, noticing sweetened or npx?d with any Article

so that the Degree of Strength thereof cannot be ascertained by Sykes's Hydrometer, for every Gallon of the Strength of Proof by such Hydrometer, and so in (proportion for any greater or, less Strength than the Strength of Prppf; and for any greater or less Quantity than a Galjon, on and after, the 17th July 1860; viz., i.

- — Brandy - the Gallon

— - Geneva . - *: - . - - the Gallon

---- Rum of and from any Foreign Country, being the Country of its Production - - . - the Gallon

---- Rum from any Country not being the Country of its Production - - - the Gallon

---- Tafia of and from any Colony of France - - the Gallon

---- Rum and Spirits of and from a British Possession in America or the

Island of Mauritius, and Rum of and from any British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, in regard to which the Conditions of the Act 4 Vict. c. 8. have or shall have been fulfilled - - - the Gallon

---- Unenumerated ---- the Gallon

Other Spirits, being sweetened or mixed so that the Degree of Strength cannot be ascertained as aforesaid, on and after the 17th July 1860; viz.,

---- Rum Shrub, Liqueurs and Cordials, of and from a British Possession in America or the Island of Mauritius, or a British Possession within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter, in regard to which the Conditions of the Act 4 Vict. c. 8. have or shall have been fulfilled - the Gallon

---- Perfumed Spirits, to be used as Perfumery only - the Gallon

---- Water, Cologne, the Flask (Thirty of such Flasks containing

not more than One Gallon) - each

Water, Cologne, when not in Flasks to be charged as "perfumed Spirits," viz. - the Gallon

---- Unenumerated - the Gallon

Spirits or Strong Waters, imported into the United Kingdom, mixed with any Ingredient, and although thereby coming under some other Designation, except Varnish, shall nevertheless be deemed to be Spirits or Strong Waters, and be subject to Duty as such.

0 17 0

0 L 6

0 1 0

0 10 5

0 10 5

0 10 2

0 10 5

0 10 2

0 10 2 0 10 5

0 10 2

0 14 0

0 0 C

0 14 0

0 14 0

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 110.

20. Sugar, and Articles composed thereof or sweetened therewith, until the £ s. d.

30th June 1861 inclusive; viz.,

---- Candy, Brown or White, Refined Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any

Process equal in Quality thereto - the Cwt. 0 18 4

---- White Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in

Quality to White Clayed, not being Refined or equal in Quality to Refined - - L ' - the Cwt. 0 16 0

---- Yellow Muscovado and Brown Clayed Sugar, or Sugar rendered by any Process equal in Quality to Yellow Muscovado Or Brdwn Clayed, and not equal to White Clayed - the Cwt 0 13 10

---Brown Muscovado or any other Sugar, not being equal in Quality to

38/

Yellow Muscovado or Brown Clayed Sugar Cane Juice -

Molasses -

Almonds, Paste of -

Cherries, dried -

Comfits, dry -Confectionery -Ginger, preserved -

Marmalade -

Plums, preserved

the Cwt the Cwi the Cwt.

12

10

5

11

4

0

each the lb. 0 0 2

---- Succades, including all Fhiits and VegetableiB preserved in Sugar, not otherwise enumerated '

The following Drawbacks on the several Descriptions of Refined Sugar heriin-after mentioned, shall, until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one inclusive, be allowed on Exportation thereof Ut Foreign Parts, or ob Removal to the Isle of Man for Consumption there, or on Deposit thereof in imy approved'Wareboose, upon such Terms and subject to such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs* knay direct, for Delivery therefrom as Ships Stores only, or for the Purpose of sweetening British Spirits in Bond; that is to say, i w

---- Upon Refined Sugar, in Loaf, complete or whole, or Lumps duly

refined, having been perfectly clarified and ^thoroughly dried in the I Stove, and being of an uniform Whiteness throughout, or Sugar Candy, or Sugar refined by the Centrifugal Machine, or by attyJ other Process, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard '

No. 3. approved by the Lords of the Treasury - for every Cwt. 0 17 2

---- Upon such Refined Sugar already described, if pounded *, crushed, or

broken in a Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such Sugar having been there first inspected by the Officers of Customs in Lumps or Loaves, as if for immediate Shipment, and then packed for Exportation in the Presence of such Officers, and at the Expense of the Exporters - for every Cwt. 0 17 2

---- Upon Refined Sugar unstoved, pounded, crushed, or broken, and not

in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample No. 1. approved by the Lords of the Treasury, and which shall not contain more than 5 per Centum Moisture over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the Stove - - for every Cwt 0 16 4

---- Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar unstoved, broken in Pieces, or being

ground, powdered, or crushed, not in any way inferior to the Export Standard Sample No. 2. approved by the Lords of the Treasury,

for every Cwt. 0 15 1

---- Upon Bastard or Refined Sugar being inferior in Quality to the said

Export Standard Sample No. 2. - for every Cwt. 0 12 8

21. Tea, until the 30th June 1861 inclusive - - the lb. 0 1 5

22. Tobacco, the following Duties, with ^5 per Cent, thereon; viz.,

---- Unmanufactured, stemmed, or stripped - - the lb. 0 3 0

---- Unstemmed - the lb. 0 3 0

388

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 110.

0 2 7i

Tobacco, continued; viz. £ s. d.

---- Manufactured* or Segars - the lb. 0 9 0

---- Snuff ---- the lb. 0 6 0

---- Stalks, and Flour of, and Snuff Work - - prohibited.

---- Manufactured in Great Britain or Ireland, made into Cut, Shag,

Boll, or Carrot Tobacco, or Cigars, such Cigars, when exported as Merchandise, being packed in Cases containing not less than Eighty Pounds Net Weight, a Drawback shall be allowed on Exportation or Shipment as Stores - - the lb.

with £5 per Cent, thereon.

23. Varnish, containing any Quantity of Alcohol or Spirit - the Gallon 0 12 0

24. Vinegar ---- the Gallon

---- Pickles, preserved in the Gallon

Water, Cologne. See Spirits.

25. Wine, until the 31st December 1860 inclusive; viz.,

--Red - - the Gallon

---White ---- the Gallon

---Lees of such Wine - - the Gallon

--- The Growth and Produce of any British Possession, and imported

direct from thence, the following Duties and £5 per Cent, thereon, viz.: —

0

0

0

0

3

3

3

0

0

0

---- Red ..... the Gallon 0 2 9

---- White - the Gallon 0 2 9

---- Lees of such Wine - - the Gallon 0 2 9

The full Duties on Wine may be drawn back upon Exportation or Shipment as Stores on or before the 31st December 1860 inclusive, but not on Lees of Wine.

On and after the 1st Day of January 1861-^-

And without any Allowance for Drawback.

Containing less than the following Rates of Proof Spirits, verified by Sykes's Hydrometer, viz.; — 18 Degrees. 26 Degrees. 40 Degrees. 45 Degrees. If imported in Bottles and containing less than 40 Degrees.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ 8 d. £ 3. d

Red - - the Gallon 0 10 0 1 9 0 2 5 0 2 11 0 2 5

"White - - the Gallon Lees of such 0 10 0 1 9 0 2 5 0 2 11 0 2 5

Wine - the Gallon 0 1 0 0 1 9 0 2 5 0 2 11 0 2 5

All Wine containing 45 per Cent, and upwards of Proof Spirit, as verified by Sykes's Hydrometer, imported into Great Britain and Ireland shall be deemed to be mixed Spirits and charged with Duty as such. And no more than 10 per Cent, of such Proof Spirit shall be used in the fortifying of any Wine in Bond; nor shall any Wine be fortified in Bond to a greater Degree of Strength than 40 per Cent, of such Proof Spirit.

26, Wood and Timber, Foreign and Colonial; viz.

---- Hewn -

---- Sawn or split, planed or dressed

---- Firewood

---- Hoops -

the Load 0 1 0

the Load 0 2 0

the Load 0 1 0

the Load 0 2 0

389

0

0

d

0

0

0 2 0

0 1 0 0 1 0

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 110.

Wood and Timber, Foreign and Colonial, continued; viz.

— — Lathwood ---- the Load

---- Shovel Hilts - - the Load

---- Staves, exceeding 72 Inches in Length, 7 Inches in Breadth, or 3£

Inches in Thickness - - the Load

---- Staves, not exceeding 72 Inches in Length, nor 7 Inches in Breadth,

nor 31 Inches in Thickness (except Staves for Herring Barrels),

the Load

---- Teak and Wood for Shipbuilding Purposes, formerly admitted free,

and Treenails of all Sorts - the Load

---- Furniture or Hard Woods; viz.,

--- ---- Amboyna Wood -

---- Beef wood -

---- Blackwood -

---- Boxwood -

---- Cedar -

---- Cherry Wood

---- Cochinella -

---- Ebony -

---- Kingwood -

---- Lignum Vitae -

----, ---- Mahogany -

---- Maple -

---- — New Zealand -

---- Olive Wood

---- Partridge Wood -

---- Purple Wood -

---- Rosewood -

---- Santa Maria Wood -

---- Satin Wood

---- Saunders or Sandal, White or Yellow

---- Speckled Wood

---- Sweetwood -

---- Tulip Wood -

---- Walnut Wood (except Gun Stocks)

---- Zebra Wood -

---- Furniture and Hard Woods unenumerated (except

Veneers,) not being Ash, Beech, Birch, Elm, Oak, and Wainscot -

A Drawback. on the Exportation of Wood and Timber, proportionate to the Duties of Customs paid thereon, shall be allowed: Provided, that the Person entitled thereto and claiming the same shall make and subscribe a Declaration that the Goods in respect of which he claims such Drawbacks are of Foreign or Colonial Produce, as the Case may be, and show to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs that Customs Duties to the like Amount have been paid thereon upon the Importation thereof.

- each the Ton 0 10

Goods not prohibited to be imported into or used in Great Britain or Ireland, composed of any Article liable to Duty as a Part or Ingredient thereof, shall be chargeable with the full Duty payable on such Article, or if composed of more than One Article liable to Duty, then with the full Duty payable on the Article charged with the highest Rate of Duty.

Rates

390

Repeal of Prohibition of Malt.

Prohibition of Extracts of Malt, &c.

Description of Goods in Entry.

Rates, if exceeding Ten Shillings, may

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 110.

Rates and Charges on Importation.

There shall be charged (irrespective of any Duties of Customs or other Rates or Charges payable by Law) upon the Importation of all Goods into Great Britain and Ireland, except Corn, Grain, and Flour, and Timber and Wood Goods, and Goods in Transit exported under Bond, and Goods imported for Exportation in the same Ship, provided they be so reported, the respective Rates and Charges following as defined and required by the Provisions of "The Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860," and under and subject thereto; that is to say, '

s. d.

Goods in Packages or Parcels, per Package or Parcel or other Unit of Entry - 0 1

Goods in Bulk by Weight, Measure, or Number, for each Unit of Entry -01

Animals; per Head Or other1 Unit of Entry - - -01

Charges on Goods on Delivery from Warehouse for Home Consumption.

There shall be charged upon Goods deposited in any Warehouse for Security of Duties of Customs, in addition to such Duties and any other Charges thereon, for every One hundred Pounds of such Duties of Cusfcpms payable thereon, the Rates following; viz.

, £ s. d.

On Delivery for. Home Consumption from any Warehouse approved under the " Customs Consolidation Act, 1853, "

In respect of Tobacco - -026

In respect of other Goods - - -050

Whether such Tobacco or other Goods shall have been removed to such Warehouse under Bond or not. a On Delivery for Home Consumption from any Warehouse at any Port or Place not possessing the Privileges of ponding at, the Time of the passing of this Act, or from any Warehouse approved under any Act other than the . "Cystoma Con^olidatipn_Act, v1853," vi*., .; t,

In respect of Tobacco - 7 -050

In respect of other Goods - - 0 10 0

Charges on Goods exported.

There shall be charged, (irrespective of any Duties of Customs or other Rates or 5. d. Charges payable by Law,) upon every Customs Bill of Lading, on the Exportation of any Goods from Great Britain and Ireland, as required by the Provisions of "The Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860," and under and subject thereto - 1 6

II. So much of the " Customs Consolidation Act, 1853," as prohibits the Importation of Malt into the United Kingdom is hereby repealed.

III. Extracts and Essences of Malt and of Hops and other Concentrations thereof respectively, which are or may be applicable to the same Purposes, are hereby prohibited to be imported into Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. Upon the Entry Qf any Goods liable to Duties of Customs, the same shall be described in the Entry thereof according to the Denominations, Weight, Measure, Number, Quantity, or Value, as the Case may be, set forth in this Act, or in such other Manner as the Lords of the Treasury or the Commissioners of Customs may at any Time or from Time to Time direct.

V. If the Rates of One Penny per Unit of Entry made payable under Section Nineteen of "The Customs Tariff Amendment Act, 1860," by Stamps, shall amount to more than

Ten

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 110, 111.

Ten Shillings upon any Entry or Entries or other Document or Documents to which the Commissioners of Customs are authorized to direct the same to be affixed, the same may, at the Option of the Person li able thereto, with the Srinctiop of the said Commissioners, and under such Regulations as they maysde , flt^ be paid i^ Cash. j t

VI. When any Act required by t)ie said, lastT^nti^n^cl Acjt, to be, dome by the Maof

any Ship, or his Agept, at qr after, the; final Clearance of , therSJ)ip^shAH not have been so done before the Departure of the Ship^ his Agenfc«$haU4o and perform thes&me -under and subject to the Penalties imposed by the said Act for Nonperformance thereof; and tin order to the Identity of such Agent for that Purpose, such Agent shall countersign the Content of the Ship at, or hflfpreMthe Clearance the^of, by j hi w^lf. or rtheOterk acting for him in the Clearance, of, spch Ship; , apd; apjo Agent eitherlef ithef Master xrf; any Ship.er of the Exporter of any Goods who shall withhold j^njnCii&tOjna #ill of [I^#ng, Specification, or other Instrument required by the said Act to be delivered to the proper Officer of Customs, by the Master of any Ship or his Agent, or by the Exporter of any Goods or his

Agent, shall be subject and liable to the Penalties thereby imposed by the said Act on the

Master of any Ship, or the ^Exporter of any Goodfc for default in thi Delivery of riuch Customs Bill of Lading, Specificiations, or other Instrument w^hin the Time prescribed for Delivery thereof respep^yejj, ..... , i > i 7, f(l . ,; n« i , .t hmY* :; . , : / M.

VII. This Act cmhc Jhti oper^loh'yn' t^dDay b? thttfepf, ekdebt !as

otherwise provided herein; and in citing it in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments, it shall bejsuftkrieflt to trite Act,

lggO#'> I !>/. n-; ri [*:; < "t!<> ) 'i h -t-'. t

CAP.

An Act for granting to Her Majesty defrtaiti^Dati^s'bf StArrips *, and to' amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties. !; August 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ip parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for defraying Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making a permanent Addition to the Public Revenue, have fferiy and voluntarily resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Duties hereinafter [ntenti6hed; hnd 'do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; dnd be it enacted by the Qtoeten's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of tine* Lordsf Spiritual mid Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. From and after the Day of the passing of this Act there shall be granted, raised, levied, and paid in and throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Sucdessor ^, for and1 in respect of the several Instruments, Matters, and Things described or mentioned in the said Schedule, or for or in respect of the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper upon which any of them respectively shall be written, the several Stamp Duties or Sums of Money set down in Figures against the same respectively, or otherwise specified and set forth in the said Schedule, which said Schedule, and the several Provisions, Regulations, and Directions therein contained with respect to the said Duties, and the Instruments, Matters, and Things charged therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act, and shall be applied and put in execution accordingly: Provided that nothing herein contained shall in any way alter or affect the Act passed in the Twefth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, entitled An Act to confer certain Bowers on the Railway Passengers Assurance Company, or the Duties thereby imposed.

23 & 24 Vict. 3 D II. The

391

be paid in Cash.

Agent to act for Captain, &c.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short Title.]

After passing of this Act the Duties described in Schedule to be charged.

Stamp. Duties now payable on Instruments, &c. mentioned in Schedule repealed.

Allowances on Bill and Receipt Stamps granted by Acts 13 & 14 Vict. c. 97. and 17 & 18 Vict c. 83. to cease, and an Allowance granted in lieu thereof

Provisions of former Acts to apply to this Act.

The Duties on Foreign Promissory Notes to be denoted by adhesive Stamps,

Construction of Terms

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 111.

II. The Stamp Duties now payable for and in respect of the several Instruments, Matters, and Things mentioned or described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, whereon other Duties are by this Act granted, shall respectively from and after the Day of the passing of this Act cease and determine, and the same are hereby repealed: Provided that the Stamp Duties now chargeable on any of the said Instruments, Matters, and Things, and not the said other new Duties, shall be payable in respect of such of them as shall be made, signed, or dated at any Time before or upon the Day of the passing of this Act.

III. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Allowances granted respectively by the Eighteenth Section of the Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-seven, in respect of Stamps for Receipts, and by the Twenty-fourth Section of the Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-three, in respect of Stamps for Drafts, Bilk, and Notes, and any Allowance granted by or payable under any other Act in respect of any of the Stamps herein-after mentioned, shall cease; and in lieu thereof there shall be granted and allowed to every Person who at one and the same Time shall produce at the Office of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in London, or Dublin Paper to be stamped with Stamps for denoting any Rate of Duty not exceeding One Shilling on Bills of Exchange, Drafts, or Orders, or Promissory Notes, or Stamps for denoting the Duty of One Penny on any Instrument or Document whatever, (except Postage Stamps and Customs Stamps,) to the Amount of Two Pounds or upwards in the whole of all or any of such Stamps as aforesaid, and to every Person who at one and the same Time shall purchase any such Stamps as aforesaid at the Office of the said Commissioners in London, Edinburgh, or Dublin, to the Amount aforesaid, or of any Distributor or Sub-Distributor of Stamps at any Place not within the Distance of Ten Miles from the said Offices respectively, to the Amount of One Pound or upwards, an Allowance of Tenpence for every Twenty Shillings of the Amount of the Duties denoted by such Stamps.

IV. All the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Directions, Allowances, and Exemptions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts, or any Schedule thereto, relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description heretofore payable in the United Kingdom and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall respectively be of full Force and Effect with respect to the Duties by this Act granted, aDd to the Vellum, Parchment, Paper, Instruments, Matters and Things charged and chargeable therewith, and to the Persons liable to the Payment of the said Duties, so far as the same are or shall be applicable in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for; and shall be observed, applied, allowed, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said Duties hereby granted, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis, with reference to the Duties by this Act granted.

V. The Duties by this Act granted on Promissory Notes made or purporting to be made out of the United Kingdom shall be denoted by adhesive Stamps, to be provided by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for the Purpose, or by any Stamps of sufficient Amount which shall have been provided for denoting the Duties on Bills of Exchange made out of the United Kingdom; and the proper adhesive Stamp for denoting the Duty on any such Note shall be affixed thereon, and be cancelled at the same Time and Times, and in like Manner as is provided by the Fifth Section of an Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-three, and the Twelfth Section of an Act passed in the present Session, Chapter Fifteen, in the Case of Bills of Exchange therein respectively mentioned, and under the like Penalties respectively for any Neglect thereof; and the said respective Sections shall be read as if the same were inserted in this Act expressly in reference to the Promissory Notes aforesaid, and the Duties by this Act granted thereon, as well as to the Bills of Exchange therein respectively mentioned.

VI. The Term " Contract Note," wherever the same is used in this Act, shall mean any Note or Memorandum mentioned or referred to under the Head Contract Note in the

Schedule

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 111.

Schedule to this Act; and the Term " Insurance" shall mean also and shall include the

Term " Assurance."

VII. The Stamp Duty on Contract Notes may be denoted either by impressed or adhesive Stamps, and the said Commissioners shall provide Stamps of both Descriptions; and in any Case where a Contract Note is made, and the same is not written on an impressed Stamp, there shall be affixed thereon a proper adhesive Stamp; and every Person who shall make or sign a Contract Note to which an adhesive Stamp shall be affixed shall effectually cancel and obliterate the Stamp by writing upon or across it his Name or the Name of his Firm, or the Initials thereof respectively, and by adding thereto the Date of such cancelling, and so and in such Manner that the said Stamp cannot be used upon or for any other Document or Writing; and if any Person shall make or sign any Contract Note by this Act chargeable with Stamp Duty without the same being duly stamped to denote the said Duty; or shall refuse or neglect to cancel and obliterate as aforesaid any adhesive Stamp affixed thereon, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and no Charge for Brokerage, Commission, Agency, or otherwise, made or to be made by any Broker, Agent, or other Person, in or about th# Sale or Purchase mentioned or referred to in any Contract Note made or sigifed by him, shall be lawful unless such Contract Note shall be duly stamped, and the Stamp thereon, if adhesive, properly cancelled.

VIII. Where any Insurance in respect of which a Policy or Agreement is chargeable with Stamp Duty under this Act shall be renewed or continued on the Payment of further Premium or Consideration, whether in pursuance of any Stipulation in the Policy or Agreement or otherwise, a Receipt for such further Premium or Consideration shall be given by the Person who shall receive the same, and such Receipt shall for the Purposes of this Act be and be deemed the Policy or Agreement for such renewed or continued Insurance and be chargeable with the Duty by this Act granted; and if any Person shall receive any Money for Premium or Consideration. for any such Insurance, and shall not within a Month make out and, if required, deliver a duly stamped Policy or Agreement in respect thereof; or in the Case of a Renewal or Continuance of such Insurance, shall not thereupon give such Receipt as aforesaid duly stamped; or if any such Person shall deliver or cause to be delivered any Policy or Agreement, or give or cause to be given any Receipt not duly stamped, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and where the Insurance shall be made, renewed, or continued by or for any Society or Company, the Person who shall be a managing Director, or the Secretary or other principal Officer thereof, at the Time of the Payment of any such Premium or Consideration, and of any such Default or unlawful Act being done or suffered as aforesaid, shall be held and deemed to be a Person doing or suffering the Default or unlawful Act, and shall, as well as the Society or Company, and the Members thereof who may by Law be chargeable therewith, be subject and liable to the said Penalty in respect thereof.

IX. The Duties hereby granted on Instruments of Insurance may be denoted by any adhesive Stamps that the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may provide for the Purpose, and in the meanwhile by any adhesive Stamps provided by them not appropriated by Name to any other Instrument, as well as by impressed Stamps, or by a Combination of both impressed and adhesive Stamps; and in any Case where an adhesive Stamp is issued it shall be cancelled by Writing upon the Stamp the Name of the Person or the Society or Company making the Insurance, or the Initials thereof, and the Date of writing the same, and also any Particulars relating to the Insurance for which the Stamp may be adapted; and in default thereof such Person or Society or Company, and also the managing Director, Secretary, or other principal Officer as aforesaid of any such Society or Company, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds.

X. Whereas it is expedient to reduce the Stamp Duty now chargeable on Policies of Insurance upon Lives for small Sums Be it enacted. In lieu of the Stamp Duty of Sixpence now payable upon or for or in respect of any Policy of Insurance or other Instrument by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall be made upon any Life or Lives, or upon any Event or Contingency relating to or depending upon a Life or

3D 2 Lives,

393

u Contract Note" and «Insurance.' *

Stamps on Contract Notec may be impressed or adhesive; if adhesive, to be cancelled.

On Renewal of Insurance the Receipt to be chargeable with the Duty.

Adhesive or impressed Stamps, or both, may be used for Insurances.

The Stamp Duty on Policies of Insurance on Lives for Sums not exceeding 25L reduced.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 111.

No Duty on Insurance of Workmen's Tools not exceeding 20/.

Lives, where the Sum insured shall not exceed Twenty-five Pounds, there shall be charged and payable the Stamp Duty of Threepence.

XI. No Insurance from Loss or Damage by Fire in any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, made, renewed, or continued at the instance or for the Benefit of any Working Mechanic, Artificer, Handicraftsman, or Labourer on the Tools or Implements of Work or Labour used by any such Person in his Work or Employment, shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty; provided that such Insurance be effected by a separate Policy, or that a distinct Sum be assured on such Tools or Instruments.

The Stamp on an Agreement may be adhesive.

XII.The Stamp Duty of Sixpence by the Act of the present Session of Parliament, Chapter Fifteen, charged on an Agreement under Hand only may be denoted by an adhesive Stamp in any Case where the same is capable of being used under the Terms and Restrictions herein-after mentioned; and the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide Stamps for the PilrpoSte; and whenever any such adhesive Stamp shall be used, every Party to the Agreement who shall sign the same, shall also at the Time of so signing write upon or across the Stamp his Name and the Date of the Day and Year of writing the same, so that the Stamp may be appropriated to the Instrument, and effectually cancelled and rendered incapable of being used for any other; and in default thereof the Stamp shall be of no Avail; and Proof of the, said Writing upon or across the Stamp, as hereby required, shall be a necessary Part of the Evidence of th£ Agreement in any Case where such Agreement is not stamped with an impressed Stamp.

Every Delivery Order to be deemed to be upon a Sale or Transfer unless otherwise stated.

Penalty for false Statement

Order not to be invalid.

XIII. Every Writing or Document entitling or intended to entitle any Person to the Delivery of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandise lying in any Dock, Port, or Warehouse, or upon any Wharf, hs in the said Act of the present Session is mentioned, shall be deemed to be made and given upon a Sale 6r Transfer of the Property in such Goods, Wares, or Merchandise, unless the contrary shall be expressly stated therein by the Person making or giving the same; and if any Person shall untruly 9tate or by any Word or Words signify or cause or permit to be untruly stated or signified in any such Writing or Document that the same is not made or given upon a Sale or Transfer; or if any Person shall himself or by his Servant or other Person procure or require the Delivery of any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandise therein mentioned, knowing that the same contains any stich untrue Statement, every such Petson shall forfeit, over and above any other Penalty to which he may be liable, the Stlm of Twenty Poimds; but any such Writing or Document shall not, by reason of the same not being stamped, be invalid in the Hands of the Person having the Custody of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and delivering out the same, unless such Person shall be party or privy to the Fraud thereby committed.

XIV. The Stamp Duty of One Penny payable on any such Writing or Document as in Deliver Order last preceding Clause is mentioned shall, in the Absence of any special Agreement to be paid by between the Parties relating to it, be paid by the Person requiring the Writing or Document; the Person re- and it shall be lawful, in any such Case, for the Person of whom the Writing or Document OMerg re(lll^re^ refuse to give the same until the Amount of the Stamp Duty thereon be paid

to him.

The Stamp Duty on a

Weight-Notes XV. Whereas a Practice prevails in relation to certain Descriptions of Goods, Wares, as Doc^VV^lC ' an<* ^erc^an(^8e h'mS *n Docks and Warehouses, and upon Wharfs, for the Company or rantsT ' Person in whose Custody the same may be to deliver to the Owner thereof, in addition to

4 a Warrant evidencing the Title to the Property, a certain other Document termed a 4 Weight-Note, such Document being intended to be delivered by or on behalf of the Owner to the Purchaser of the Goods mentioned in the Warrant upon any Sale thereof before the Completion of the Contract for Sale, but which other Document as well as the Warrant is chargeable with the Duty of Threepence under the Head Dock Warrant in the Schedule to the said Act of the present Session, and it is expedient that the same should be exempted from the said Duty Be it therefore enacted. In any Case where a Document designated a Warrant, chargeable with and duly stamped for denoting the Payment of the said Duty of Threepence, and also a Document termed a Weight-Note, or any other Document of the like Character or Description relating only to the same Goods, Wares, or

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 111. 395

Merchandise as are specified in the Warrant, shall be issued by the Company or Person in whose Custody the said Goods, Wares, or Merchandise shall be, to the Owner thereof or his Broker or Agent, the Weight-Note or other Document aforesaid shall be exempt from the said Duty of Threepence.

XVI. The Stamp Duty of, One Penny by the said Act of the present Session charged Certain Copie* upon a certified Copy or Extract of or from any Register of Births* Baptisms, Marriages,

Deaths, or Burials shall not be deemed to have been or to be payable upon any such no^\o bf18*" Copy or Extract which is or shall be furnished by any Clergyman, Registrar; or other chargeable official Person, pursuant to and for the Purposes of any Act of Parliament, or to any ^ith Stamp General or Superintending Registrar under any General Regulation, nor in any Case uty* where the Person giving the Copy or Extract is not entitled to any Fee or Reward for the same.

XVII. No Draft, or Or<Jer, Writing, or Document for the Payment or for entitling any Certain Orders Person to the Payment by or through any Banker or Person acting as a Banker of any Sum on Bai^er8. of Money, such Draft, Order, Writing, or Document being sent or delivered by the Person j^\tomore making or giving the same to the Banker or Person acting as a Banker by or through whom than a Penny the Payment is to be made, and not to the Person to whom such Payment is to be made StamP-

or to any Person on his Behalf, shall be chargeable or be deemed to have been chargeable with any higher Stamp Duty than One Penny, notwithstanding the said Payment shall be or have been thereby directed to be made at any Time after the JDate thereof, which Duty of One Penny may be denoted by an adhesive Stamp to be cancelled as in the Case of a Draft or Order on Demand.

XVIII. Where any Draft or Order for the Payment of Money by any Banker or Bankewmay Person acting as a Banker, chargeable with the Stomp Duty of One Penny, shall come to Stamps to the Hands of such Person unstamped, it shall be lawful for him. to affix thereto the order* drawn necessary adhesive Stamp, and to cancel the same in manner by Law required, and upon so on them, doing to make the Payment thereby directed, and to, charge the Duty, in account against the Person who ought to have paid the same, or to deduct such Duty from the Sum so directed to be paid; and such Draft or Order shall, so far as relates to the Stamp Duty chargeable thereon, be good and valid; but this shall not relieve any Person from the Liability to the Penalty he may have incurred by issuing the said Draft or Order unstamped.

XIX. Whereas by the Eighteenth Section of the Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and eighty-four, the issuing of Promissory Notes payable to Bearer on Demand with printed Dates therein is prohi-(bited, and such Prohibition is an unnecessary Restriction Be it enacted, That the said Section of the said last-mentioned Act shall be and is hereby repealed: Provided always, that, notwithstanding anything in any Act of Parliament contained to the contrary, it shall be lawful for any Person to draw upon his Banker, who shall bona fide hold Money to or for his Use, any Draft or Order for the Payment, to the Bearer or to Order on Demand, of any Sum of Money less than Twenty Shillings.

XX. Whereas by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Forty-one, every Hawker, Pedlar, and Petty Chapman, and other trading Person going from Town to Town or to other Men's Houses, in England, Wales, or

Berwick-upon-Tweed\ is required to take out a Licence as therein mentioned, and by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of the said King, Chapter Seventy-one,

such trading Persons in Scotland are also required to take out a Licence Be it enacted,

That a Licence taken out under either of the said Acts shall be sufficient to authorize the trading, according to the Tenor of it, in any Part of Great Britain, and shall be read as a Licence granted under both of the said Acts.

XXI. If any Person be convicted of an Offence under either of the said Two last- Commi*«i<mer8

mentioned Acts, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and they are hereby authorized, in case they shall see fit s6 to do, to remit the whole or any Part of the mit Penalties Penalty imposed by Law for such Offence, notwithstanding the same or some Portion thereof under 8aid may be payable to some Party other than the Crown. ctfl *

XXII. It

Sect. 18. of 55 Geo. 3. c. 184. prohibiting the issuing of Bankers Notes with printed Dates, repealed.

Drafts on Bankers for less than 20s. to be lawfhL

Licences to Hawkers and Pedlars granted in England or Scotland to be good for any Part of Great Britain.

Persons in the Service of the Post Office may sell Postage Stamps, &c. without Licence.

20 & 21 Vict c. 77. Probates and Administrations, England.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 79. Ireland.

If Treasury direct District Registrars to be paid by Salary, they may also direct the Fees to be collected, &c. by means of Stamps.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 111.

XXII. It shall be lawful for any Person in the Service or Employment of the Post Office, without any Licence or any Authority other than this Act, to carry about for Sale and to sell at any Place or Places within the United Kingdom, Postage Stamps and printed Forms of any Kind issued from or used at the General Post Office, and any other Matters and Things relating to the Business of the Post Office which are or may be authorized or permitted to be sold at any Post Office; and such Person shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for so doing, anything in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Whereto by the Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Seventy-Beven, for amending the Law relating to Probates and

Letters of Administration in England, it is enacted that none of the Fees payable to the Officers of the Court of Probate, or of any County Court, in respect of Business under the Act, except the Fees of District Registrars, (which were to be taken as their Remuneration, and for their own Use,) should be received in Money, but that every such Fee should ' be collected and reoeived by a Stamp denoting the Amount of the Fee which otherwise ' would be payable, and Provisions were therein made for the proper Collection of such

Fees; and it was also enacted, that it should be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time to order that the District Registrars or any of them ' should be paid by Salaries instead of Fees, and that thereupon all F ees payable to them should be accounted for and paid into the Exchequer as the said last-mentioned Commissioners should direct; and by an Act passed in the same Year, Chapter Seventy-

nine, for amending the Law relating to Probates and Letters of Administration in Ireland, similar Enactments are contained; and it may be considered expedient in Cases where the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall have directed or shall at any Time direct the

District Registrars in England or Ireland to be paid by Salaries instead of Fees, that such

Fees should also be collected and received by means of Stamps:' Be it therefore enacted as follows, In any Case where the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury have ordered or shall at any Time hereafter order that any District Registrar, under either of the said Acts, shall be naid by Salary, it shall be lawful for them at any Time to order also that the Fees or any of the Fees authorized to be taken by such District Registrar shall be collected and received by means of Stamps; and thereupon, from and after the Time to be fixed for that Purpose by any such last-mentioned Order, every such Fee shall be collected and received by a Stamp denoting the Amount of the Fee which otherwise would be payable, in the same Manner and under and subject to the same Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, and Directions in that Behalf as are contained in the said Acts respectively, in relation to the Fees thereby directed to be collected and received by means of Stamps, and to the Documents which ought to be stamped to denote such Fees, as if such Fees had not been excepted as aforesaid, but had been expressly directed by the said respective Acts to be collected and received by means of Stamps, as other Fees are thereby respectively directed to be collected and received.

SCHEDULE referred to, containing the Duties by this Act imposed.

AWARD in England or Ireland, and Award or Decreet Arbitral in Scotland:

Where the Amount or Value of the Matter in dispute shall not exceed 501.

And where it shall exceed 50/. and not exceed 100/. And where it shall exceed 100/. and not exceed 200£

And where it shall exceed 200/. and not exceed 500/.

And where it shall exceed 500/. and not exceed 750/.

And where it shall exceed 750/. and not exceed 1,000l.

And where it shall exceed 1,000l., and also in all other Case9 not above provided for -

£ s. d.

0 2 6 0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0 1 5 0

1 15 0

897

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. Ill, 112.

CONTRACT NOTE. Any Note, Memorandum, or Writing, commonly called £ s. d. a Contract Note, or by whatever Name the same may be designated, for or relating to the Sale or Purchase of any Government or other Public Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or any Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or Share or Shares of or in any Joint Stock or other public Company, to the Amount or Value of 51 or upwards - -001

LEASE.

Any Assignment or Surrender of a Lease or Tack for a Term of Years exceeding Thirty-five, upon any other Occassion than a Sale or Mortgage -

rA Duty equal to the ad valorem

JDuty with which a similar Lease or Tack -would be chargeable, but no I higher Du tv than 11. 1 tit. shall be Lcharged,

POLICY OF ASSURANCE or Insurance, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Sum of Money shall be assured, or agreed to be paid only upon the Death of any Person, from or by reason of any Cause incident to or consequent upon travelling, whether by Land or Water, or any Accident or external Violence, or any Cause whatever other than a natural Cause; or whereby any Compensation shall be assured or agreed to be made or paid for personal Injury received from any Cause whatever; or whereby both a Sum of Money upon Death and a Compensation for personal Injury as aforesaid shall be assured and agreed to be paid, or whereby any Assurance or Insurance shall be made upon Glass from Loss or Damage of any kind except by Fire,

Where the Premium or Consideration for such Assurance,

Insurance, or Agreement shall not exceed Two Shillings and Sixpence - - -.00 1

And where the same shall exceed Two Shillings and Sixpence

and shall not exceed Five Shillings - -003

And where the same shall exceed Five Shillings, then for every Five Shillings and also for every fractional Part of Five Shillings - - - 0 0 3

PROMISSORY NOTE made in the United Kingdom for the Payment of any Sum of Money exceeding 4,000l.,

For every 1,000Z. or Part of 1,000l. of the Money thereby made

payable - - 0 10 0

Foreign PROMISSORY NOTE made or purporting to be made out of the United Kingdom for the Payment within the United Kingdom of any Sum of Money -

The same Duty as on an Inland Bill of Exchange for the Payment [otherwise than on Demand of Money of the same Amount.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to make better Provision for acquiring Lands for the Defence of the Realm.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners appointed by Her Majesty to inquire into the State, e Condition, and Sufficiency of the Fortifications existing for the Defence of the f United Kingdom have recommended the Construction of certain Works of Defence for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, i and of certain other Works; and it will be necessary to acquire considerable Portions of ' Land for the Construction of such of the Works so recommended as Parliament has provided

or

or shall provide Money for constructing, and also for the Erection and Establishment

of a Central Depot or Arsenal; and it may be necessary that certain Lands in the Vicinity

of the said Fortifications and Works which may not be required for the Construction of any

of the said Works should be kept free from Buildings and other Obstructions: And whereas i it is expedient that the Powers herein-after contained should be given for effecting the

Purposes aforesaid:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Ascertaining the Lands to be taken or to be kept free from Buildings.

Lands to be taken and Lands to be kept free from Buildings to be ascertained by Declaration of Secretary for War.

Declaration, what to show.

I. On or before the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, the Lands required to be taken absolutely for the Construction of the said Works and Dep6t or Arsenal, and the Lands in the Vicinity of the Fortifications and Works aforesaid, which are required to be kept free from Buildings and othe^ Obstructions shall be ascertained by a Declaration or Declarations to be at any Time, or from Time to Time, made and signed by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department.

II. Every such Declaration shall specify and show, with the Aid of a Map or Plan thereto annexed constructed on a Scale of not less than Six Inches to a Mile, the Lands to which the same relates, and shall distinguish what Lands are required to be taken absolutely and what Lands are required to be kept free from Buildings and other Obstructions.

Restriction on taking of certain Descriptions of Property.

III. Part only of any Garden, Orchard, Nursery Ground, Yard, Paddock, Plantation, planted Walk, or Avenue appurtenant to and used and enjoyed as such with any House before the affixing as herein-after provided of Notice of any Declaration in relation thereto under this Act, shall not be taken from any Party if such Party be willing and able to sell the whole.

IV. The said Secretary of State shall, within Three Months after the making of any such Declaration, cause Copies thereof, and of the Map or Plan thereto annexed, to be deposited as herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

There shall be deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for every County in which any Lands to which any such Declaration relates are situate, a Copy of such Declaration, and of the Map or Plan thereto annexed:

There shall also be deposited with the Parish Clerk of every Parish in England, or in the Case of an Extra-parochial Place, with the Parish Clerk of some Parish immediately adjoining thereto, and with the Clerk of the Union within which any Parish is included in Ireland, a Copy of so much of every such Declaration, and of the Map or Plan thereto annexed, as relates to any Lands situate in such Parish or Extra-parochial Place.

Clerks of the V. All Clerks of the Peace, Parish Clerks, and Clerks of Unions shall receive and

Peace, &c. to retain the Copies deposited with them as aforesaid, and permit all Persons interested to hcMOmfeseo ^n8Pect same> and make Extracts or Copies therefrom, in the like Manner and upon deposited as the like Terms, and under the like Penalty for Default, as provided by an Act passed in under 7 W. 4. the Session holden in the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth and First Year of Her & l Vict c. 83. jyfajegty^ intituled An Act to compel Clerks of the Peace for Counties and other Persons to take the Custody of such Documents as shall be directed to be deposited with them under the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament, with respect to Plans directed to be so deposited by the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament.

Notices to be VI. The said Secretary of State shall, within Three Months after the making of any such Jxed Declaration as aforesaid, cause Notice thereof to be affixed in some public and conspicuous

urc Situation, on the Outside of the outer Door or outer Wall near the Door of every Church and Public Chapel (including Places of Public Worship not belonging to the Established Church) in the Parishes or Places in England, or in the usual Places for posting Public Notices in the Baronies, Cities, Towns, or Boroughs in Ireland, wherein the Lands comprised in such Declaration respectively lie:

Such Notice shall state the Fact of such Declaration having'been made as aforesaid under this Act, and the Places where Copies of the said Declaration and of the Map or Plan

thereto

Copy of Declaration, &c. to be deposited with Clerks of the Peace, &c.

399

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 112.

thereto annexed, so far as the same affect Lands in such respective Parishes or Places,

Baronies, Cities, Towns, or Boroughs, have been deposited as herein-before required.

Notices of Lands required to be taken or to be kept free from Buildings.

VII. The said Secretary of State shall, within Six Months after the making of any such Notices to

Declaration, cause such Notice or Notices in Writing as herein-after mentioned to be served &c *

in manner herein-after provided on the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of the Lands to which such Declaration relates.

VIII. Every such Notice shall specify the Lands required to be taken or to be kept Contents of free from Buildings and other Obstructions (as the Case may be), and the Places such Notice* where Copies of the Declaration relating thereto have been deposited as herein-before required:

Every such Notice shall also state that the said Secretary of State is willing to treat as to the Compensation to be paid for such Lands, or (in the Case of Lands required to be kept free from Buildings) as to the Compensation to be paid for the Damage to be sustained by reason of the Restraints under this Act on the Exercise of the Right of Building and other Rights incident to the Ownership of such Lands, and by reason of the Execution under the Powers of this Act of any intended Works specified in such Notice:

And every such Notice shall demand from the Party to whom the same is given the Particulars of the Estate and Interest of such Party in the Lands, and of the Claims made by such Party in respect thereof, stating therein the Amount which such Party may be willing to receive as Compensation for his Estate and Interest, or for any Damage in respect thereof referred to in such Notice.

IX. Every such Notice shall be served personally on the said Parties, or left at their last How Notices usual Places of Abode, if any such can after diligent Inquiry be found, and in case any of to £iven-such Parties be absent from the United Kingdom, or cannot be found after diligent Inquiry,

shall be addressed to such Party and left with the Occupier of the Lands, or, if there be no such Occupier, affixed upon some conspicuous Part of such Lands:

If any of such Parties be a Corporation Aggregate such Notice shall be left at the principal Office of such Corporation, or, if no such Office can after diligent Inquiry be found, such Notice shall be served on some principal Member, if any, of such Corporation, and a Duplicate of the Notice shall be addressed to such Corporation and left with the Occupier of the Lands, or, if there be no such Occupier, affixed upon some conspicuous Part of such Lauds.

Determination of the Amount of Compensation by Agreement

X. The Amount of Compensation to be paid for any Lands required to be taken, and Amount of the Amount of Compensation to be paid in respect of any Damage sustained by reason of such Restraints as aforesaid, or by reason of the Execution of any Works in or over any mined \>y Lands required to be kept free from Buildings, may be determined by Agreement between Agreement, the said Secretary of State and all Parties having any Estate or Interest in such Lands respectively.

XI. All Corporations and all Feoffees or Trustees for Charitable or other Purposes of Corporation *, any Lands required to be taken or to be kept free from Buildings, and all Tenants for Life

and Tenants in Tail of any such Lands, and the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Com- (femmitteU mittees, and Attorneys of such of the Owners of or other Persons interested in any such &c. empowered Lands as may be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, or beyond the Seas, or otherwise toa^rec* incapable of acting for themselves, may agree with the said Secretary of State as to the Amount of such Compensation to be paid for any such Lands, or any Damage sustained in respect thereof:

All Agreements made and Acts done by such Corporations and Persons respectively in relation to such Compensation shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

23 & 24 VICT. 3 E Determination

400

23' & 24°; VICTORIAE, c. 112.

How Compensation to be settled in case of Neglect to treat.

Provision where Compensation claimed is under 200/.

Compensation to absent Parties to be settled by a Surveyor to be appointed by Two Justices.

Surveyor acting1 corruptly to be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

Valuation to be preserved and produced on Demand.

Determination of Amount of Compensation otherwise than by Agreement.

XII. If for Fourteen Days after the Service of any such Notice as aforesaid any Party

on whom the same is served fail to state the Particulars of his Claim in respect of any Lands to which such Notice relates, or to treat with the said Secretary of State as to the Amount of Compensation to be paid to such Party or which he is empowered to agree upon, "

Or if the said Secretary of State and such Party do not within such Fourteen Days agree as to the Amount of such Compensation,

Such Amount shall be settled by a Jury in like Manner as if the same were Compensation for Lands surveyed and marked out under the Act of the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four, herein-after referred to as <c The Defence Act, 1842," as amended by the Act of the Session holden in, the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and peyenteen.

XIII. Provided always, That if the Compensation claimed do not exceed TVo hundred Pounds, the same shall be settled by Two Justices, in manner following; that is to say, it shall be lawful for any Justice, upon the Application of either Party, to summon the other Party to appear before Two Justices at a Time and Place to be named in the Summons, and upon the Appearance of the Parties, or, in the Absence of either of them, upon Proof of due Service of the Summons, it shall be lawful for such Justices to determine sufch Amount* and for that Purpose to examine the Claimant and the Witnesses of the Parties upon Oath.

XIV. Where by reason of Absence from the United Kingdom any Party is prevented from treating, or cannot after diligent Inquiry be found, the Amount of such Compensation shall be determined by Valuation in manner following; that is to say, the said Secretary of State shall make Application to Two Justices, and upon Proof satisfactory to them that any suich Party is by reason of Absence from the Kingdom prevented from treating, or cannot after diligent Inquiry be found, such Justices shall, by Writing under their Hands, nominate' a competent Surveyor for determining the Amount of such Compensation as aforesaid* and such Surveyor shall determine the same accordingly, and shall annex to his Valuation a Declaration in Writing subscribed by him of the Correctness thereof.

XV. If any Surveyor wilfully and corruptly make any incorrect or false Valuation, or wilfully and corruptly act in the Matter hereof, he shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor.

XVI. The said Nomination shall be annexed to the Valuation to be made by such Surveyor, and shall be preserved together therewith by the said Secretary of State, who shall at all Times produce the said Valuation and other Documents, on Demand, to all Parties interested in the Lands comprised therein.

Damage may XVII. Where any Damage has been sustained by reason of any Works authorized by this ^eTwork^1 m or UP°U Lands required to be kept free from Buildings and other Obstructions, in done! 8 respect of which Works Compensation has not been agreed upon, awarded, or otherwise ascertained prospectively. Compensation shall be paid in respect thereof when the W*rk have been done, such Compensation to be determined in like Manner as other Compensation under this Act, or as pear thereto as Circumstances admit.

In estimating Damage from Works regard to be had to Advantages derived.

XVIII. In determining the Amount of Compensation in respect of Damage sustained by reason of any such Works, regard shall be had to any Increase in the Extent of Land capable of being brought under Cultivation by Removal of Banks, Fences, Hedges, and Ditches^ and to any improved Drainage and other Advantages derived from ^ny such Works.

Where any XIX. Where any Covenant or Agreement has been entered into with the principal Officers in ^er MaJe9ty>s Ordnance or with the said Secretary of State in restraint of thfe Right to Buiiaingexists, build on any Lands, and such Covenantor Agreement is legally or equitably binding on the regard to be Owner of the Lands, tfegatd shall be had in ascertaining the Amount of Compensation to be

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, o. 112. 401

Enid under this Act for or in respect of such Lands (whether the same are required to ha(* thereto in e taken absolutely or are required to be kept free from Buildings) to the existing Restriction arising out of such Covenant or Agreement

Payment and Application of Compensation in certain Cases\

XX. Any Compensation payable under this Act, for or in respect of any Lands, or any Provision for Interest therein, taken from or holden by any Owner who by reason of Absence is ?ay?^andf prevented from treating as aforesaid, or who cannot after diligent Inquiry be found, or who compensation refuses to accept such Compensation, or neglects or fails to make out a Title to such Lands Money in eer-or the Interest therein claimed by such Owner to the Satisfaction of the said Secretary tain Cage8* of State; ,

And any Compensation payable for or in respect of any Lands or any Interest therein taken from or holden by any Corporation or Person not having, independently of this Act and the Defence Act, 1842, as amended as aforesaid. Power to agree as to the Amount of ?uch Compensation, or tp^dl and convey such Lands or such. Interest,

Shall be paid and applied in manner directed by the Sections numbered Twenty-five to Thirty of the Defence Act, 1842, (and with regard to England) as amended by Section Eight of the Act of the Session holden in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-one, as if the said Sections expressly extended to the said Compensation.

XXI. Where any Compensation is required to be paid into the Bank of England or On Payment Ireland under this Act, there shall be added thereto a Sura of Thirty Pounds as an Equiva- ?f lent for the Expenses consequent upon such Payment, and upon such Compensation, with such additional Sum (which shall be deemed Part of such Compensation), being so paid, the be made to said Secretary of State shall be discharged from all Liability in respect thereof, and the "future Court of Chancery may allot to any Tenant for Life, or for any other partial or qualified xpenaes* Estate in respect of any Expenses of Investment incurred by him, any Portion of any such Compensation which the Cflurt may dqem just.

XXII. The said Secretary of State may in any Ca Be at or after the Expiration of Three Provision for Months from the Time at which the Compensation for any Lands has been agreed upon or Payment into otherwise ascertained, if the Owner thereof have not in the meantime made out a Title foilareofor thereto to the Satisfaction of the said Secretary of State, pay such Compensation, without Three Months such Addition as aforesaid, Into the Bank of England or Ireland in manner herein-before aft?r Compen-referred to, and such Payment shall discharge the said Secretary of State from all Liability tofoedt^deduce in respect of the Money so paid: a Title.

Provided always, that Jhe Court of Chancery may, upon Application for Payment of such Money to the Party entitled, in case the Court be of opinion that there was no unreasonable Delay in deducing the Title, or that a good Title was shown, order all or any Costs occasioned by such Payment into Court to be paid by the said Secretary of State,

XXIII. All Orders and Directions in relation to any Money paid into the Bank of Orders con-England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court ceraing Money of Chanbery under this Act, or the Securities in or upon which the same may be invested, j^y or the Dividends or Interest on such Money and Securities, which under the said Acts the at Chambers. Court of Chancery is empowered to make or give, on Motion or Petition, may be made or given by the Master of the Rolls or any of the Vice-Chancellors while sitting at Chambers, upon Summons, in like Manner as in other Cases in which Proceedings may be so had before the Master of the Rolls and Vice-Chancellor, subject, nevertheless, to any General Rules and Orders which may hereafter be made concerning the Practice, Proceedings, or Business of the said Court.

Provisions as to Costs.

XXIV. The Coats of and incident to any Agreement with the said Secretary of State Costs of and under this Act concerning the Compensation to be paid for or in respect of any Lands to

taken or affected under the Provisions of this Act and the Coats of the Deduction and &£^dthis

Act to be borne by Secretary of State.

i ., .

Provision for i Costs wfcen, Amount of-, Compensation is determined by a Jury or Justices.

- -r -.M

t. .j , t.ll »*>' > ' 'f

ProV?s?6nfb^ Appdrtibtlitt^ni of Rents and ' Incumbrances.

Poorer tb ret <;

lease1 Land from Rent* charge, &c.

Who competent to make Apportionment, &c.

23°:&, 24° W£TQjRIi& c. 112.

Verification of Title shall be paid by the said Secretary of State: all which Costs shall be taxed by One of the Taxing Masters1 of the Court of Chancery in England or Ireland (according to the Situation of the Lands) upon the Request and at the Expense of the said Secretly of State.

XXV. In case any Jury give a Verdict or Assessment for mote Compensation for any Lands of any Interest therein 'or any Damage than1 was offered for the same by the said Secretary of State, dr fo^ any Amount of Goirtpens&tion wiibre no Oflfer of^iay Compensation wUri made, then all "the reportable Coots 'and' Expenses of *nd-incident to the Settlement of the Amount of feuch Compensation by a Jury shall be pdid by the rtaid Secretary of State, such Cost* to be* settled; upon the Request of the said Sedretaty of State by One of the Masters of the Gortrt of Qnednte Bench in JSnyfand or Ireland, according to the Situation of the Lands: 1 1 , jH *: fi -; <"*' *« i . 1 'i

But in every Case in which the Jury shall be of opinion that the Statement delivered by the Claimant of the Manner >iir which any Amount demanded as Compensation \ has been computed and made up did not give sufficient Particulars to enable the said Secretary of Stat$ to make a proper Offer, and in every, other Case in which the Jury give a Verdict or Assessment for the same or a less Sum than was offered by the Said Secretary of Slate, or in case no Damage be found by the Jury where the Question is ais to Pairtagd only, or where the summoning a Jiiry arose from a Refusal to state 6r demand any Artaount oif Corripen-sation, then and in every such Case all such Costs and Expenses to be settled in manner

?farC$aidr&Wh bepqidto- Secretary of -Spate by.tboBpdy^ fNpprt, «<daipyn£ythe

Jpomensatioia qr ^fusing, to .sfoteor demand any Aflaqupt of CotnpensnH0?ftn<J all 0?8tp q»d payable hwundq* tq the *ydtSecretaryf of, §tate shall be fretaine4 put.of tho

Compepsatipnjdf apy)jgiyen by the Verdict or ^js^ssmqnt of theory; , , .7 (,

7 Xh$.fpjce'gwig. *.to, Cpgfe jm the Case of jtheDptertnipa^U ftf any Question

as to Compensation by a Jury shall be applicable also where such Question is det^miped by Justices.

[Apportionment andilelease ofhcnfeand Incumbrances. ' 1 ^' I /.

XXVI. If Part only of 4rty Lands ootttprifeed in any Lease ou Mortgage, or otherwise toobjecfc id hny Relit Service oi Other* Renty or any annual or other Payment br Incumbrance, be tSkdn under this Act* such Rent, Payment, or Incumbrante rimy be apportioned by Agreement between the Parties entitled thereto and to the Lands subject thereto and the said Secretary, of State* or in po onri1 Agreement be made, thg same may be apportioned by the Jury or Justices by whomt the Compensation payable in respect of the Part bf thfe^smd' jLahd^1 taken by the said Sebretaty dr State is determined, br if not so

?etermihed, maV pe ^efCTmiqed by Two Justices, as herein rtrovided iff certain Cases of

Jomp^risatiobV '"'7t \ 1 " ' ' t '

After1 rtibH Apj^riohmertt sh(lH abpoftioned Part only of srtch Bent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall be payable out of the Residue of the SaSd Lands, and all Covenants, Provisoes^ Conditions, Agreements, Powers, and Remedies in respect of the said Rent, Payment, or Incumbrance shall temairi in force in respect of the apportioned PaVt Which is to remain payable, against the Residue of sucly Lands, and where any Renttorigiaally reserved was art anwnt and a<#n$tomed< Rent ithei Part aq.cpntipiung payable .shah be deemed to be the ancient and accp^omed-Rent for, such Residue of the said frauds.

XXVII. With the Consent of the Patty entitled to the Lands, the Party entitled to any Rentcharge, Payment, or Incumbrance may release therefrom the Portion of the said Lands1 taken as rtforesaid on condition or Tn fconsidbration of the remaining Part remaining exch&ively 'subject to the wlible Rentcharge, Payment, or Incumbrance, and in such Case all 'Covenants; Ptbvisbe^; Conditions, Agreements, lowers, and Remedies in respect of sack Rentcharge, Payment, or-Incumbrance shall remain in force against the said Residue of the said Lhnds. ' - ' 1 i

/, 1, / t ,; '

AUJBqdies and .Persons who are enabled to agree for the Sale of Lands to the ^aic} Spcrefaiy of State sl^ll be competent to agree for and make an Apportionment or Release under either of the Two last preceding Enactments.

Power

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 112.

Power to use " The Lands Clauses Consolidation A&t> 1845* . > .; , j

XXIX. The said Secretary of State may, if he think fit, as well in respect bf Land§

required to be kept free from Buildings as in respect of Lands taken under this Act, use and avail himself of alL ©r any of the Powers and /Authorities by The Lafcds £5hul$es Consolidation Act, 1645/' given to - the Promoters! of the Undertaking^' akidievery Party enabled by the last-mentioned Act to 6ell and convey or release Lands orrany Estate ot Interest therein to? "thi Promoters of the Undertaking " shall have itht same or the like Powers to contract, and o^ree with; tht tiald Secretary1 of State as to* the Compensation to be paid in respect of any Lands, 'Estates* or Interests taken: oraffected under the Provw mens of this Act: Provided always that nothing in tjhi*>EiuU)twept shall prejudice or offefct the Right to exercise the other Powers or Authorities hereby given. i [>»"

Vesting bf Lttods to be taken* obisohidyinthe Seoretury of Stxtie and Power of imrkediute

' *' 1 t- [Entry.

XXX. The Lands require^ to fee taken under this "Act by the said Secretary of &£aje sba)l>Trpm and a, fter, Payment of the Compensation for the same, be vested, in the said Secretary of State, qn behalf of Hqr Majesty, discharged of all Estates, lights, and laterest^ wiv^ppTer.., .'; y

XXXI. Provided aWajrg; That It sbdH^be' latofhl'fbf^ ttte saYt5: Seci^faty6f1 ht hriV Time dftet' the Rfcpir'atlb^ of Potlrte^h^Dayfe frbiP the SeYVJce bf feuch N(rtide°aA^fotrc§aid

in relation to' dny LiindkAieiitfohed"iii (dif such Declaydtion^ dfbtiestiiii a&'rfcjqtiSi^d W bfe

taken by him, to ent^' Ap6h a4id, 'tdke pos^e^io'n bF and hold Sbtdi-Lands, or1 fthyqfib&m and t6 oaddb t6 be1 ekdbuted* ^theredii dll ^udh Wofks Jas stich, J*Sfeta^tsiryf 1 'Btktdf may

thibk' fit*

ii i-nl. , -d

XXXII. Provided alsq^ Th^t in case Possession be taken of any L$mds before Payment of the Compensation for the same, Interest shaft be payable upon the Amount of such Compensation iintil Payment thereof, aftef the Rate of EiK^e Botads per CMtwh. pVrf Jlniium from the Titoo of taking possesfeiow tas ^aforesaid; ihd silch Interest rfiall gb and be applied as the Inpome of the Lands would: have gone' hnd bdeni applied if Possession, bad not) been sd taken.''' ' ' I *il: .: I o rj - o ' i -J > n .J mwi.-mii/. /d

* ' CimtiriuccnceofL^ Pent charge, ' Taxes}1mdP(ttes. ' 11 '

XXXI^I The, .ye^fceft ih, t%.said.^cretary, of, ^tate in pursuance of t^s which were, bqforef tjhq Tiff^ of'.eudj'; :vesting ^at^e; an$ .'charged. witV Tfth^ W Rentcharge, Land Tax, PooV or other Rates, snail continue chargeable therewi^K buj: ^aH not be[assessed to*any Ta* or, tt higher .Value or Rent th^n that; at u^ich/^ch Lands were assessed of eueb vestSgi ,; (i /j !m ...t!, (j(1,

Restraint* and Ropers to(attach. 0% Ronds, required to fa Wnr-.. L

XXXIV.' from and tiffer 'the Serried of iuch1 K«tice8 as aforesaid in relation to ariV Lands required 'to be kept 'free' Iftotii1 'Buildings "add other 'Cbstruetions, *tbte 'fbWcrtriri^ Restrictionsj Powers, and Conse^u'ences bhail attach1 Ksdth reference1 to Btleh Larticfe'i

No Building ot other. StrictWiMothGr; 18«Fne», Hpyejfi, tff. qthflt ^/jStrpptMjre^of Wood, ?) shall he mtdoior^rwtedjther^qp^ c

It shall be .laiwful for, the, said. Secretary of.gts^te, qt; way., Tunp* after the, L^pi^tion; of Fourteen Days from the ^ervipp of such Notice^npd frpmiTimp, tq, Tipm3 to: epteu mld [pull down any present or, future Buildings or Strqqtm:et .(pthEjc, thftp, «S| aforesaid) itherW)P>/W>d to cut down or grub; up.aU pr any of the Xf?W)thpreon, sipd: tp: t^pmve.qr..oltftriali'Off-Mjf of the Banks, Fences, Hedges, and Ditches thereon, and to make underground or other Dmina therein, and generally to level and clear the said Lands, and do all such Acts for. I9veiling and clearing the same as may be deemed hecessafy br proper bV the said' feettetairy df ofatp, but'in such Manner, nevertheless, that Evidence of the Boundaries of the Lands held by1 different Owners may be preserved:

And

Secretary of State may avail himself of Powers of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 18.

Lands taken to be vested in Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty.

Power to Secretary of State to enter immediately.

Interest to be payable until Payout, of, /; Co^peps^ipn/.

Id

.ss-Hiriomirxi I

Lands to continue subject to Tithe Rent-charges, Taxes, and Rates.

Restrictions and Powers with respect to Lands re-quirpfl, t04» i kept free from Buildfog*: . > *>y, , j *1 11 >

V ..-17/

-'.'I/ 1 A (i t

404

Limitation of Time for Works under last preceding Enactment.

Provision as to Interest omitted to be purchased.

How Value of such Lands to be estimated.

Secretary of State to pay the Costs of Litigation as to such Lands.

Power to Secretary of State to withdraw Notices.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 112.

And it shall not be lawful for any Person to alter the Ley el of the Lands, or do any Act which may prejudicially affect any Work done on the Lands under the Authority of the said Secretary of State.

XXXV. The Powers conferred by the Enactment lastly herein-before contained in relation to any Lands shall be exercised only within Three Years after the making of any Declaration that the said Lands are required, to be kept free from Buildings and other Obstructions, except with respect to pulling down Buildings or Structures wrongfully made or erected after the Expiration of that Time, or keeping or reinstating such Lands in the Condition in which the same were left after the Execution of any such Work thereon as aforesaid, or maintaining or restoring the Leyel of such Lands.

Subsequent Compensation for Interests omitted to be purchased.

XXXVI. If at any Time after the said Secretary of State has entered upon any Lands vested in him under this Act, any Party appear to be entitled to any Estate, Right, or Interest in or Charge affecting such Lands which through Mistake and Inadvertence has been omitted to be purchased or compensated for, 'the said Secretary of, State shall nevertheless remain in the undisturbed Possession of such Lands, and shall be deemed to have an indefeasible Title thereto, but shall pay Compensation for any such Estate, Right, Interest, or Charge, which but for this Enactment might be recovered or enforced, and also pay to such Party, or to any other Party who may establish a Right thereto, full Compen-t sntion for the Mesne Profits or Interest which would have accrued to such Parties respectively in respect thereof during the Interval between the Entry of the said Secretary -Of State thereon and the Time of the Payment of such Compensation by the said Secretary of State so far as such Mesne Profits or Interest may be recoverable at Law or in Equity:

Such Compensation shall be agreed on or awarded and paid in like Manper as the sspnc would have been agreed on or awarded and paid in case the said Secretary of State had purchased or compensated for such Estate, Right, Interest, or Charge before his entering upon such Lands, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit

XXXVII. In estimating the Compensation to be given for any such tjstaie, &jght, Interest, or Charge affecting any Lands, or for any Misne Profits or Interest, the Jury or Justices, as the Case may be, shall assess the same according to the Value of the Lands at the Time the same were entered upon by the said Secretary of State and without Regard to any Improvements or Works made by him.

XXXVIII. In addition to the said Conmensatiw^ the said Secretary of State shall, when the Right to any such Estate, Right, Interest pr Charge has been disputed by hipi and determined in favour of the Party claiming the same, pay the fijlL Coats wd Expenses of any Proceedings at Law or in Equity for the Determination or; Recovery of the same to the Parties with whom any such Litigation in respect thereof has taken place, and such Costs and Expenses shall, in case the same be disputed, be Settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Litigation took place. '

Power to Secretary of State to withdraw Notices.

XXXIX. If in any Case after Service of Notice by the said Secretary of State with respect to any Lands required to be taken or to he kept free from Buildings under this Act, it appear to him from a Change of Circumstances or other Reasons unnecessary or inexpedient to complete the! taking of mioh Lands or any Tart thereof, or to require such Lands or any Part thereof to be kept free from Buildings, it shall be lawful for him to give a further Notice to the Effect that he thereby withdraws the Notice given in relation to the Lands comprised in the First Notice, or such Part thereof as he may think fit, and thereupon the Lands comprised in the Notice of Withdrawal shall be wholly discharged from the Effect of the First Notice, and may be dealt with as if the First Notice had not been given, and the said Secretary of State shall be wholly discharged from any Obligation to take the Lands comprised in the Notice of Withdrawal, or to make Compensation in respect thereof under this Act, without Prejudice nevertheless to any Claim of any Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 112.

such Lands for Compensation for such Damage (if any) as he may have sustained in consequence of the giving of the First Notice, the Amount of such Damage to be determined in like Manner as other Compensation under this Act, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit:

Provided that every such Notice of Withdrawal be given within Two Months after the Service of the First Notice; provided also, that nothing in this Enactment shall be construed to give to any Party any further or other Right as against the said Secretary of State than he would have had independently of this Enactment, save as herein is expressed.

Power to divert Highways, Sfc.

XL. It shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, without any "Writ being issued or other legal Proceeding being adopted, to Btop up or divert or alter the Level of any Highway, Way, Sewer, Drain, or Pipe over, through, under, or adjoining any Lands comprised in any such Declaration as aforesaid, he, if necessary, previously making, opening, or laying down another good and sufficient Way, Sewer, Drain, of Pipe in lieu of that stopped up or diverted.

XLI. It shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State to alter the Course and Level of any River not navigable, Brook, Stream, or Watercourse, and any Branch of any navigable Rivef (such Branch not itself being navigable) within or adjoining such Lands, making Compensation for any Damage sustained by reason of the Exercise of such Powers, such Compensation to be determined and paid in like Manner as other Compensation under this Act, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit

Miscellaneous Provisions *

XLII. A1 Monies to become payable 1)y the said Secretary of State under this Act shall bp. paid out of puck Monies as have been or may be provided by Parliament for this Purpose.

XLIII. The said Secretary of State shall not, by reason of anything done or omitted to be done under this Act, be liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, or to Execution of any Process against his Person or Property.

XLIV. If in any Case in which the said Secretary of State is by this Act authorised to take possession of or to enter upon any Lands any Person refuse to give up Possession thereof, or hinder the said Secretary of State or the Persons authorized by him from taking possession of or entering upon the same, the said Secretary of State may idsue hid Warrant to the Sheriff of the County in which the Lands are situate id deliver Possession <bf the same to the Person in this Behalf named in such Warrant, and *pon Receipt of such Warrant the said Sheriff shall deliver Possession thereof accordingly; ' i -

XLV. Any Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be served on the said Secretary of State may be served by being delivered to the Solicitor for the War Department for the Time being, or by being left for him thereat; and any Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be given by or on behalf of the said Secretary of State shall be given under the Hand of such Solicitor.

Amendment of The Defence A^ct, 1842. (

XlYI. And whereas The Defence Act, 1842, hah been amended by dive&r* Acts, and it is expedient further to amend the same; ' >

The following Provisions of this Act in relation to Lands to be taken under this Act shall be applicable where Lands are surveyed and marked out under The Defence Act, 1842, as amended as aforesaid; (that is to say,) '

The Provisions concerning the Mode of serving Notices on Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers, and of Notices, Writs, Or other Documents on the said Secretary of State:

The Provisions concerning the Determination of the Amount of Compensation for Lands otherwise than by Agreement:

The

405 *

Power to divert Highways, &c.

Power to alter the Course of Brooks, &c.

Payment of Compensations.

Protection to Secretary of State.

Provision for enforcing Delivery of Possession.

Notices, &c. required to be served on or given by Secretary of State to be served on or given by the Solicitor.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 94. amended as herein stated.

Interpretation of Terms.

Short Titles of 5 & 6 Vict. c. 94., 18 & 19 Vict c. 117., and this Act

h

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 112, 113.

The Provisions concerning the Payment and Application of Compensation, and the Disposition of Securities on which the same may be invested, and of the Interest and Dividends of such Compensation and Securities:

And the Provision concerning Interests omitted to be purchased, which last-mentioned Provision shall apply as well with respect to Lands already taken by the said Secretary of State, as with respect to Lands to be hereafter taken by him under the said Defence Act as amended as aforesaid.

Interpretation.

XLVII. In the Construction of this Act the Style or Title u Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Dcpartaent " idiall mean Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State Jo* the Time baing to whom Her Majesty shall think fit to intrufet the SeaU of the War, Department; and the following Words and Expressions shall in' this Act and The Defence Act, 1842, have the -several Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; (that is to say,)

The Word " Lands " shill extend to Messuages* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of any Tenure:-, 1 . v - JJ ' 'f *- >* '!

The Word " Least* shall include an Agreement for a Lease i

The Word " County " shall include any Riding ^or other like Division of a Cdunty, and shall also inejudp County of a City qr Coupty of a, Towif:, .

The Wotd f Sheriff* ^hau include Hinder Sheriff or otl)er legally compe|tept Deputy;

' ahd'wHere any Matter in relation to aby Lands is required to be done by £ny Sheriff,

lapd IhdTJjlhds being the Property of Une apd the same Tarty, are situate not wl^pliy 11 in Onfe Cotihty, the same Expression shall be construed to mepn the Sheriff* of any 1 'County, \lhere Any Part of such Lands is situate: /. (j *, '

The Worn " Junices " and u Justipe " Shall mean respectively Justices or a Justice of the -pyace dpjtShg for the County, City? Borough, Liberty, '(5inqpet Port, or Pl^ Wfler

the Matter Requiting the Cognizance of such Justices or Justice arises^ and pot ipter-v ' eiityd in th6 Matter, , and where sticih Matter arises* in respect of, Lands hping tlve Pro- pqrty1 of One and (he sauie Party, situate not wholly in One County, City, Borough, Liberty, Cindti&Post, Or Pjace, shaj mean Justices or a Justice acting for t^e County, Cityi Bdrdugh, Lit)reffy, Cinque port, 6r Place where any Part of pen Lands is

5'1 rituate^and h6(interested in such flatter; and the Expression " Two Jusjicps" shall aean Two'jWicfes assenibled and acting together :1 1 V

The Word " Owner, r shalf InbthdC htiy Corporation or Person having Authority under >. this. Actdor otherwise; tO agree, ^ith: the said Secretafy of State as td thie Purchase Money, or Compensation to bt paid for any Lands *

XLVIII. The'iaid Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of tier Majesty may b, p cited as " The1 DteFence Act, 1842, w'the Said Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Yeau*s of )Her Majesty may be cited as "The Ordnance Board Transfer Act, 1855," and this Act may be cited: Its " Thy. Defence Att, 1860." 1

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to grant Duties of Excise on Chicory, and on Licences to Dealers in Sweets or Made Wines; also to redupe the Excise Duty on Hops and the I Period of Credit allowed for Payment of the Duty on Malt* and Hops respectively; to repeal the Exemption from Licence Duty of Persons dealing in Foreign Wine and Spirits in Bond; and to amend the Laws relating to the Excise.

[28th August 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies for defraying Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition

to

407

28°'&; 24° VlOtOfelM, 1-113.1

to the PttWio Revenue, have freely and VoltrfltarJl^ tdaolyed tb give and grant unto Your Majesty* the Duties hereitt-afteiVmehttort^d do tnerfefore most, humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted the Queeti's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the j J -'*d" 10^ J

in this jjfesettt

t. From and after the Commencement of this Act there! shall he gristed, oraised, levied, Duties to be and paid unto and for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the several levied-Duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) V' '

For dad upon Wll Ohicor^ dr wnyi odierl Vfegfetablb Mattel applicable 1 to «the llses7 of OnOMctory 1 Chi<K)i?y. ori Cbffeie ^rqwkl intleUnitfeidiKingdom^' I (I :; 1 Mt

Foc^evctoyi HtmdFedwtei^to^ thearfeofi traty w fkJlh^dribd; th& Duty of* Three Shillings ter applicable '

, i until the FirdtDnyof^(pr^Onb thofasarfd eight huhdrAd hud si'xtyKme, and on to the Uses of i andlaftern thatoDdy the DutV of Five SiwllWigls and£te£fcnce, hnd so iri proportion or

7/, for any gbeateror lee& iQuhn tity <thah^arHundred^eighl(r j i |r"; i

And for atadiiipohia Litoenoe tdbd>ta; iden o^tyedfly by o*eiy*Pbrsoh whb'shall sell any On Licences Kind of Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, in any Quantity tttadunting to to Dealers in Two Gallons or upwards* or ih Onb Doaen or riaore routed Quifcrt Bottlfes at One Tube, wine^or 6, tlwiDudvioFiFivePddndi kindFivo ShflHnfiri./ , r: f ) i i // M

n

the<DuflyioF Five Pbdnds hud FiveShillfogi,

II. The Time limited by tfyq 'llcl j^se&* V fKcr &st! S?ssi^' of: Parliament, jbfeapb ^Ht'den^ /or' m^i'Duty of' .Epcis^ on Mfdt fey ^ye^y^.Ma^r 79f Mfalt: wfeo. shs

: er Period of all Credit for Pay-l . ment of Excise

Malt Duty on Malt

Jivehlf$e<&r^ as 'by' Lajv|Tequir^ feu IsbiaU ip^p^ctnQI

beguHWbe lyiade1, on or aft^r , the First Day of October 0Af thousand eight hundred and reduced, siiSy fee nfrtfeer limited to Six Neeles li^u e£y5p W^e^3f , a^teyf, tHp.of such Acpount or Return as in the said; fat mentipqe^ <>r; anc} ey^ry BpngL wlflch

shilUiave tehjgiyen, pr ehiemt in(o ^o^ souring* the Pyaymentyf s^chDuty according to thb Dftefction or the said Act f nail remfaii^ and continue jTp'foyce r^gaipst the ^in^ipal and of th^.said

5^ A--'> som^ Qn© of

them, shall before the said^Tirst Day of, Offooer g^yp |soticei.1p ^he, .Commissioners of Inland lUyiHtie'pfUDc sirettj with (Ira w,; froin su^Rond, in yrjricfejCa^e thej Maltster shall jKjt be efl^itled^to an^Uredj^t ^for Baymen| of^thp Duty of Excise (on- at)y Malt or begun to

be tiiade by hini bn or after the1 said ' Jas^roeytiope^. payjuntil he shall hpve given fresh Security in that ^Behalf t^> the{ ^tjjsfapting, of fth^ said C^i^iU^spners.'!f M - j, , 7; p

III. 'And whereas .itlifll expedient rto ireduoduHe Duties of Exdiso how chAT^eable on Excise Duty

Hops:' Be it enacted, That in lieu-ioft the^Datifes ofi Exoiee now chargtable'*on 'Hops on Hops regrowing or to grow in (ffeat.Britain there shall. be charged , 01^alh such Hop^ theyreduced duced* r > Di!rtT bf Fburtedh Shillings jver ^un(^pawjeig]\t, ^n^ yftpr jRatefbr '^ny grp^tep pr Ijeps^ J -Qupmi'^ j^n_ t ^-oli ?, r, fn '.cr,

IV. The Duty of Excise which for the Time being is (0^dh^lJ/be ohrtrgiaWe) Oti HopS Duty on Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain shall be payable on the First Day of March One to be thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and afterward on the First Day of January Payable-next after the curing thereof.

Y. The Twelfth Section of the A&i p^sshd iA the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Exemption George the.(fowrth^jQfWRtef ^\gh^yr0ii%fpl*i4h)e^ac(», jthftt H ehali noK Jje-flie^eswy (of a*# ^ofPe" Person, or Persop^ tpx % %Salp, of flmyFpreigp (Jopd«x>r sons dealing in

Commodities

such Doodi

the shhi^ 'shHHJ^vh feded db^osifbtl!, ioh

ed, whilst Win?

; niain in the WareHoijse or Warehouses in which Bond

, 6rf ybbu^ed] according t6 Daw1, Wfore jPayjhcnt

of Duty* upon^C TmpbrlatidA thdfWf; knailrHot: esifend tb (fxArhpt frbtf I^Ubnity to tal^e btit an Ekei^e Lioende tortile Sale of Foreign Wine or Spirits any Person who shall Jsell ht One Time any Quantity less than One hundred Gallons thereofreepectively. ), i); , !/

VI. The said Duties by5' this7 Act' g^tited* t^all^bd ddetped tb be Excish ilktitifes, and Powers and be under the Care and Management of the Dpmmis^ioners of Inland RevAntib for the Time ExJ^ActMo being, and all Powers, Provisions* alid Bbgulations, Penalties^ ahdF{bifbitureS<kmto in amSyto the ° 23 & 24 Vict. 3 F or

Duties granted by this Act

Dealers in Sweets or Made Wines to take out Licence annually.

Dryers and Roasters of Chicory, &c. and Dealers therein to make Entry of their Premises.

No Person other than a Dryer or Roaster who has made Entry shall have dried Chicory, &c. in his Possession.

Dryer to provide Warehouse for storing dried Chicory, &c.

Dryer to give Notice of his Intention to dry Chicory, &c.

Dryer to give Six Hours Notice of his Intention to remove Chicory, &c. from KilnT

Officer to attend and Chicory, &c. to be weighed and removed into Warehouse in his Presence.

Penalty on Dryer not removing Chi-

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 113.

t

or enacted by any Act in force in relation to Excise Duties shall in all Cases not herein expressly provided for, and so far as the same are not superseded by and are consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, be duly observed, applied, and put in execution for charging, collecting, and securing the said Duties hereby granted and otherwise relating thereto, and to the said Licences, as fully and effectually as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act with reference to the said Duties hereby granted and the said Licences respectively.

VII. Every Person who shall sell any Kind of Sweets or Made Wines, or Mead or Metheglin, in any Quantity amounting to Two Gallons or upwards, or in One Dozen or more reputed Quart Bottles at One Time, shall annually take out a Licence in that Behalf under this Act on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any Neglect or Omission to take out such Licence.

VIII. Every Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid, and every Boaster thereof, and every Dealer in the same, shall respectively, before he shall begin to dry or roast any Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid, or to trade or deal in the 6ame, make Entry with the proper Officer of Excise in the Manner directed by the Laws of Excise in that Behalf of his Name and Place of Abode, and of every Building, Warehouse, Storehouse, Shop, Boom, or Place, and of every Kiln, Furnace, Cylinder, Machine, or Utensil intended to be made use of by such Dryer, Boaster, and Dealer respectively for the drying, roasting, keeping, or storing of Chicory, or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid, or the preparing of the same for drying or roasting; and no Person other than a Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid, or a Boaster thereof, or a Dealer therein, who shall respectively have made due Entry of his Premises in manner aforesaid, shall have in his Possession any dried Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid, exceeding Fourteen Pounds in Weight; and if any such Article shall be found in the Possession of any Person not being such Dryer or Boaster or Dealer as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and the Person so having the same in his Possession shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IX. Every Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid shall, before he shall begin to dry any such Article, provide a proper and secure Warehouse with proper Fastenings at the Premises where his drying Kiln shall be situate, to be approved of by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, for the Purpose of depositing and securing therein the Chicory or other Vegetable Matter which shall be dried by him, and such Warehouse shall be locked by the proper Officer of Excise.

X. No Person shall begin to dry any Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid in or upon any Kiln or other Utensil or Place used by him for drying any such Article without having previously given Six Hours Notice to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he shall be of the particular Day and Hour when he shall intend to begin such drying, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Omission to give such Notice; and all Chicory or other Vegetable Matter which shall be found drying upon the Premises of any such Dryer without such Notice as aforesaid shall also be forfeited.

XI. Every Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid shall give Six Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he shall be of the Day and particular Hour of the Day when he shall intend to remove any such Article as aforesaid off the Kiln, or from or out of any Utensil in or upon which the same shall have been placed to dry; and such Officer shall attend according to such Notice, and thereupon all such Chicory or other Vegetable Matter shall be weighed by the said Dryer, or his Servant or Workman, in the Presence of such Officer, who shall take an Account thereof, and the same shall then forthwith be removed, also in the Presence of the Officer, into the Warehouse to be provided by the said Dryer in pursuance of this Act for that Purpose, and shall be there deposited and locked up and secured under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may make in that Behalf; and if any such Dryer shall neglect or omit to begin to weigh such Chicory or other Vegetable Matter for the Space of

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 113. 409

One Hour after the Officer shall have attended in pursuance of such Notice as aforesaid, the cory, &c. pur-Chicory or other Vegetable Matter shall not be removed from such Kiln or Utensil without to "

a fresh Notice of Six Hours, to be given as aforesaid, and if the Dryer shall not cause the ce '

whole of such Chicory or other Vegetable Matter to be duly weighed and removed and deposited in such Warehouse as aforesaid within the Space of Two Hours after the Commencement of the Weighing thereof, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. No Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid shall keep or have Dryer not to any such Article as aforesaid in a dried State in any Part or Place of or in his Premises other than the Warehouse to be provided and approved as aforesaid for the Deposit and on hSTremiaes Security thereof, except such Chicory or other Vegetable Matter as shall be on or in the elsewhere than Kiln or Utensil where the same shall have been dried or roasted, and except also such Chicory or other Vegetable Matter as shall be in the Act of Removal from such Kiln or Kiln, on pain of Utensil, or to or from such Warehouse, under the Superintendence of such Officer as herein Forfeiture, provided in that Behalf; and any dried Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid which shall be found in any Part or Place of or in the Premises of any such Dryer other than such Warehouse as aforesaid, except as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, and such Dryer shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. No Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid which shall be deposited in the Warehouse of any Dryer thereof shall be removed from such Warehouse except in the Presence and under the Authority of the proper Officer of Excise, to whom such Dryer shall rive Four Hours previous Notice in Writing, specifying the particular Day and Hour when he shall intend to send out from the Warehouse any such Article as aforesaid, and upon the Receipt of such Notice the Officer shall attend at the Time appointed therein, and shall allow the Quantity of the Article specified in such Notice to be in his Presence weighed and delivered out of the Warehouse, according to the Tenor and Effect of such Notice, and the Officer shall enter in his Survey Book an Account thereof as a Charge against the said Dryer: Provided always, that no Quantity less than One Hundredweight of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter shall at any Time be delivered out of any such Warehouse; and provided also, that no such Warehouse as aforesaid shall be opened for delivering out any such Article as aforesaid at any Time between the Hours of Six o'Clock in the Evening and Six o'Clook in the Morning.

Chicory, &c. not to be sent out of Warehouse unless in Presence of an Officer.

Not less than 100 cwt to be delivered out

Warehouse not to be opened for Delivery between 6 p.m. and 6 a.m.

XIV. The proper Officer of Excise shall enter and keep in a Book a Stock Account of Officer to keep all Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid which shall be received into the a Stock Ac-Warehouse of any Dryer thereof, and of the Quantity thereof which shall from Time to Time be delivered out of such Warehouse, and it shall be lawful for any Officer of Excise ceived into and at any Time, and from Time to Time whenever he shall think fit, to weigh and take an delivered out Account of all Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid which shall then remain £ous ^If in such Warehouse, and the said Dryer is hereby required, with his Servants and Workmen, there be any to give all necessary Aid and Assistance to the Officer of Excise in the weighing and Deficiency, taking such Account thereof; and if upon any such weighing and taking of Account it shall be found that the Quantity of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid the Duty there-which shall then be in such Warehouse is less than the Quantity which ought to remain on and liable therein, according to the Balance of the Entries contained in the Stock Account kept by 10 ena ty' the Officer as before directed, such Dryer shall be deemed to have removed the Quantity which shall be so found to be the Deficiency in the Stock, without the Duty having been charged thereon, and thereupon the Officer shall enter in his Book the Amount of the Duty upon such Deficiency as a Charge against the Dryer, and such Dryer shall forfeit the Sum > of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that the said Penalty shall not be deemed to No Penalty be incurred if the Amount of such Deficiency of Stock shall not exceed Two per Centum on {h^DdSci^c88 the whole Quantity of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter which shall have been received of Stock exceed into such Warehouse since the last preceding taking and balancing of the Stock, in addition 2 per Cent, to the Quantity then remaining therein, or if there shall have been no former taking and balancing of Stock, then on the whole Quantity which shall have been at any Time and from Time to Time received into such Warehouse.

410

Officer of Excise shall make periodical Returns of the Duty charged on Dryers of Chicory, &c.

When and to whom Duty to be paid.

Dryer of Chicory, &c. to provide Scales and Weights, and assist the Officers of Excise in using the same.

Noifprer to /. have ip posses-, sion dried cory, &c. oth^f \ than such as shill have been dried: on his own Kiln.

Businesses of fi Dryer of Chicory, &c. and a Roaster thereof, or of Coffee, not to be carried on on the same or on adjoining and communicating Premises.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 113.

XV. Every Officer of Excise under whose Survey any Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid shall be, or any other Officer who shall be appointed so to do, shall at the Expiration of every Six Weeks, or at such other Times as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall direct, make out and deliver to the said Commissioners an Account or Return in Writing of the Quantity of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid dr ie^ by such Pryer, and sent out or, delivered from his Premises, and for which he shall have become; chargeable with Duty in the preceding Six Weeks or other Period, and of the Duty payable thereon, and shall also leave a Copy of such Account or Return with such Dryer; tapd the Account or Return of such Officer shall be a Charge on such Dryer, and he i shall pay to the proper Collector and dear off ithe Duty appearing by such Account or Return/to ha, ye hecqine dueat, such Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, or on Demand thereof at any Time made by or sunder the Authority of such Collector, or in default thereof ^iicl* Prypr shall forfeit double the Amount of such Duty.

XVI. Every Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter shall provide and keep on his entered Premised, and ih such proper'and convenient place therein as the Supervisor of Excise* shall approve, just and sufficient Scales and Weights, properly .adapted for the weighing of Chicory and tither such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid; and every such Dryer shall permit and Buffer any Officer of Excise to use the said Scales and Weights for the Purpose of weighing or re-weighing and taking an Account of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter which Shall at any Time be in the Possession of such Dryer, apd such Dryer, with his Servants atd Workitien, shall, whenever thereto required, t aid and pssist Officer in such weighing and re-weighing and taking Account of any such Article as aforesaid; and every stich Dryer \vho shall neglect to provide and keep pucji Scales and Weights in such Place as aforesaid, o* who or whose Servant shall refuse to permit and suffer any Officer of Exdiier to uSe the same, or who or whose Servant snail refusq or neglect, whelle^er thereto required, to aid and assist any such Officer in weighing or rerweighing and taking an Account of any such Article as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XVII. No; Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid shall have in his Possession iany dried Chicory or bthCr ^uch Vegetable Matter as aforesaid, other than such as shall have been dried on his own Kiln, or lawfully received into his Warehouse undpr thp Prpyipions of this Act; and if any such Article! as aforesaid which shrill' udt have been dried of his qyru.Kilp^or, lawfully received as aforesaid, shall be found on the Premises

of any such Drypr or otherwise in his Possesion, such Article shall be forfeited, and he stiaij forfeit jalsothe.Sum of One hundred Pounds*, i . '

XVIII. No Dryer of Chicory of other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid shall carry on thri Business of a Rbaster of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter or of Coffee, or shall roast any Chicriry br bthei* Vegetable Matter or Coffee, or have any Quantity exceeding Six Pounds in Weight of roasted Chicory or qther Vegetable Matter or Coffee in or upon the Bame Premises thereon he shall esury on the Business of such Dryer, or in or upon any Premifees having anjr Communication, Opening, or Way internally, or through any inclosed or private Yard, with or into the Premises whereon hp shall carry on the Business of a Dryer of Chicory br other Vegetable Matter, nor shall any Person carry on the Business of a Dryer of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter in or upon any Premises having any such Communication as aforesaid with or into any Premises whereon any Person shall carry on the Business of a Rooster of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter, or a Roaster of Coffee, 'on

Sain; of (forfeiting i for ©very such Offence, in the several Cases aforesaid, the Sum of One undred Pounds: Provided always, that where before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty the respective Businesses of a Dryer and Roaster of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter shall have been carried on by the same or different Persons on the' same Premises, or qp Premises adjoining and communicating, and such Persons shall be deisiroos of continuing to carry on such Businesses respectively on such Premises, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, if they shall think fit, to grant by Order in Writing their special Eicencp to such Person or Persons to continue such Use of Such Premises for such Time and upon such Terms and Conditions as the said Commissioners may think fit

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 113. 411

XIX. Provided always, That, under and subject to such Rules and Regulations, Restric- Certain Acts

tions and Conditions, as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall think proper, and shall tew-

make in that Behalf, the following Acts and Proceedings may be lawfully done, and shall Dr/ers° and 7 have the Effect hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) Roasters of

1. Any Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid may remove and der

send out from his Warehouse any dried Chieory or other such Vegetable Matter to tions of the" the entered Warehouse and Stock of any other such Dryer Without Payment or Commissioners. Charge of the Duty thereon, and the Person to whose Warehouse the same shall be removed shalh upon receiving the same, be answerable and accountable for the Duty chargeable thereon, and shall be charged with such Duty When and as the skia Chioory or other Vegetable Matter shall be dent *out or removed from his Warehouse*, in like Manner as if he had been the Dryer thereof i 1 1 1 '

2. Any Dryer or Roaster of Chicory wri othOr such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid may

receive into and have in his Possession Foreign dried Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid which shall have been duly imported into the United Kingdom, and on which the Duties of Customs shall have been duly paid on the Importation! thereof; but if any Question shall arise whether any Chicory or other- Vegetable Matter ip, Foreign, or whether the said Duties; of Customs have been so .paid thpreon-as aforesaid, Proof of the Affirrpativp of such Question shall lie upon the Person ini 1 ' whose Possession such Chicory or other Vegetable Mattep shall be fpnnd:, r *}>

3. Any Dryer of Chicory or other such Vagetable Matter, as aforesaid /may remove froth i

the itiln or Utensil on or in which the same may be drying, any Chicory or/other-, such, Vegetable Matter, before the drying, thereof is completed ,; iptp a WarteJhouae to be provided by such Dryer, and approved by the said Commissioners^ specially for ther Purpose of depositing and securing therein such partially, dried, ChieOry or(other) such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid, and afterwards; to rptqrn th, e.same.ttf pact XiJta or Utensil to complete the drying thereof.

XX. Every Dryer of Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid shall provide* Dryer* of Chi-

and maintain sufficient and proper Accommodation on the entered Premise* bf afccb Dryer, AcLmm^U-de to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, fqr the tOffipera of Excise attendingithe-drying: tioa for the of such Chicory or, other Vegetable Matter.

XXI. Wherever1 the following Terms'and Expressions, orahy of them, occflr iii this Act, extraction of they shall be construed respectively in the Manner hetteitl-iftCr directed; (th&t Is to sky,) ^rms usedm " Sweets or Made Wines" shall be construed to iiiean* ariy Liquor ihade by Fermentetjoi) relation t6 from Fruit and Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar miked with any other Material, and commonly Sweets or Made called Swepts or Made Wines;"Dried Chipory " shall be co^trued to mcaffl Chicory, Which Wiae§and shall have1 been kiln-dried, or dried by any other Means Whatever, anfd npt -completely i lcory* roasted to a State fit for grinding to Powdery " Roasted C)ncory " gha)l typ construed, toimean,

Chicory which shall have been ^completely jroasted to such S^at}ptas Inst mentioned, whether: the sdme shall have been ground or reduced to Powder or noi;"I}ryer of Chicory ^shsJL be construed to mean and include any Person who sl^ajl kilp-clry, or dry by any other Means; i any Chicory or other such Vegetable Matter as aforesaid; Roaster, of Chicory/' shall be ednstrued to mean and include any Person who shall, carry on pr continue the Process, of; drying Chicory or other Vegetable Matter to a State in which.it ehajl be fit for grinding to Powder.

XXII. No Maltster shall begin to wet or steep any Corn, or Grain to be made into Malt Maltster to beat any other Time than between» the Hours of Seven o?Clock in /the Morning and Five 7

o'clock in the Afternoon, and if the Time specified in the Notice of Intention td wet w ©'Clock a.^ steep.be later than Three o'Clock in the Afternoon* the Corn or Grain shall be covered and 5 o'clock with, Watpr within One Hour from the Time so specified.

XXIII. All Com and Grain which shall be wetted to be made into Malt shall be Removal of removed directly from the Cistern into the Couch Frame, and shall be laid flat and level

therein by the Maltster, and of no greater Depth in any such Couch Frame than Thirty Inches Conch Frame, in any Part thereof except where by any Act now in force a greater Depth is expressly ami Time allowed, and such Corn or Grain shall be kept and continued so laid in the Couch Frame [J^*ining

for

All Cisterns in Malthonses having any in-temal Communication to be emptied on the same Day.

When Grain making into Malt may be sprinkled.

Commissioners to make Regulations with respect to Corn or Grain making into Malt for the Distillation of Spirit!.

Drawback allowed on Exportation of Duty-charged Malt

Exportation to be made under such Rules and Regulations as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may make, and under the Conditions specified in this Clause.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 113.

for the Space of Twenty Hours at the least from the Time of being removed from the Cistern: Provided always, that all such Corn or Grain shall for the Purpose of being gauged and charged with Duty be deemed to be in Couch for the Space of Twenty-four Hours from the Time of its Removal from the Cistern, and shall be gauged and taken Account of by the Officer as in Couch during the said Space of Twenty-four Hours, although such Corn or Grain may have been removed from the Couch Frame, unless the same shall have been previously gauged by the Officer.

XXIV. And if in any Building, or in any Two or more Buildings having- any internal Communication between them, there shall be more than One Cistern used at the some Time for wetting or steeping Corn or Grain, all such Cisterns shall be emptied of the Corn or Grain therein during the Hours prescribed and limited in that Behalf in One and the same Day; provided that where the Corn or Grain in Two or more of such Cisterns is emptied into One Couch Frame, it shall be taken Account of by the Officer therein, and thenceforth as One and the same wetting or steeping, and the emptying of the last of such Cisterns shall be finished within the Space of Three Hours from the Time of beginning to empty the first of such Cisterns.

XXV. It shall not be lawful for any Maltster to water or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt before the Expiration of Two hundred and eighty-eight Hours after the same shall have been taken out of the Cistern, unless the same shall have been kept covered with Water in the Cistern for the full Space of Fifty Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wetted or steeped, in which Case it shall be lawful to water or sprinkle such Corn or Grain at the Expiration of Ninety-six Hours after the same shall have been taken out of the Cistern, upon the Maltster giving to the Officer Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing of his Intention to do so.

XXVI. In respect of all Corn and Grain which shall be making into Malt in any Malt-house used for the Purpose of making Duty-free Malt for the Distillation of Spirits, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to make Rules and Regulations as to the Period of Time during which any particular Denomination of Corn or Grain shall be kept covered with Water in the Cistern, and also the Time that it shall remain in the Couch Frame; and also to fix and determine the Rate of Allowance to be made upon the Gauges of such Corn and Grain during the Time that it shall be in the Cistern and Couch Frame respectively, or whilst the same is by Law to be deemed and gauged as in Couch; and in default of Compliance with any such Rule or Regulation the full Duty of Excise on Malt shall be charged on the Corn or Grain with respect to which such Default shall be made, as in the Case of Barley Malt, and the Malt made from such Corn or Grain shall be used in the Distillation of Spirits only.

XXVII. Upon the Exportation by any licensed Maltster of Malt upon which the full Duties of Excise have been charged, and which shall be exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandise, under the Provisions of this Act, the Maltster shall be entitled to be paid the Drawback or Allowance of the Duty of Excise in respect of such Malt in the Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXVIII. The Exportation of Malt, and the Payment of the Drawback or Allowance of Duty thereon, shall be made under and subject to such Rules, Regulations, and Securities (by Bond or otherwise) as#the Commissioners of Inland Revenue may from Time to Time make and require respectively in that Behalf, and under and subject also to the following Conditions; (that is to say,)

1. The Malt shall be made from Barley, and shall not be blown, roasted, ground, or

crushed; and it shall be in the entered Malthouse in which it shall have been made, and the full Duties of Excise shall have been charged thereon:

2. The Malt shall be thoroughly screened and cleansed from all Commings and Dust, and from all extraneous Matter whatever, to the Satisfaction of the Officer of Excise who shall attend the packing of the same:

413

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

3. The Malt, after having been so screened and cleansed, shall not be of less Weight than Thirty-nine Pounds, nor of greater Weight than Forty-two Pounds Avoirdupois per Bushel:

4. The Maltster shall give Twenty-four Hours Notice of his Intention to export Malt to

the Officer of Excise in whose Survey the Malthouse shall be situated, stating the Quantity of Malt intended to be exported, the particular Day and Hour at which the same is to be packed, and the Name of the Port from which it is to be exported:

5. The Malt shall be packed only between the Hours of Six o'Clock in the Morning and

Six o'Clock in the Afternoon, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, and shall be measured with a Bushel Measure into secure Barrels, Boxes, or Bags, each containing not less than Four Bushels, and such Barrels, Boxes, and Bags shall be fastened and secured to the Satisfaction of such Officer.

XXIX. Every Maltster who shall export any Malt under the Provisions of this Act shall provide for Use at the Malthouse from which such Malt shall be exported, and also on board the Vessel in which such Malt is shipped, a Bushel Measure of the legal Standard, with just and sufficient Scales and Weights properly adapted for the weighing of Malt, and shall allow any Officer of Excise or Customs to use the same in the measuring and weighing of Malt respectively; and such Maltster shall provide such Officers with proper and sufficient Assistance to enable them to measure and weigh such Malt.

XXX. The proper Officer of Excise at the Port at which such Malt shall be shipped for Exportation shall, at the Expiration of One Month after the Exportation thereof, give to the Exporter, or to his authorized Clerk or Agent, a Certificate or Debenture expressing the Quantity of Malt so shipped, and the Amount of the Drawback payable thereon; provided that in calculating the Quantity of Malt upon which such Drawback is to be paid a Deduction shall first be made therefrom at the Rate of Seven and a Half per Centum upon the Quantity which shall have been ascertained by Measure in the Manner herein directed; and provided also, that where the Malt shall have been exported to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, or to the Isle of Man, the Drawback shall not be paid without the Production of a Certificate from the proper Officer of Customs that such Malt has been lauded in the Island to which it has been exported.

XXXI. If any Malt packed or produced for Exportation shall have mixed therewith any raw or unmalted Corn or Grain, the Maltster shall, over and above any other Penalty to which he may be subject, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such Malt apd Cora* or Grain mixed therewith, and also the Package in which the same may be coptained, shall be forfeited.

XXXII. The Drawback or Allowance upon Malt exported under the Provisions of this Act shall be paid by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue; and the Provisions of all Acts in force regulating or relating to the Exportation of any Exciseable Commodities on Drawback, and all Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties imposed by the said Acts, shall apd are hereby directed and declared (except as altered by this Act) to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the Drawback or Allowance upon Malt hereby granted, upon the Exportation thereof, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said several Provisions, Fines, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act with reference to the said Drawback or Allowance hereby granted.

XXXIII. For any Act, Neglect, or Omission contrary in any respect to any Prohibition, Regulation, or Direction contained in or authorized by any of the Clauses of this Act }in relation to the making or Exportation of Malt, or to the drying or roasting of Chicory or other Vegetable Matter, and for which no Penalty is expressly provided by this Act, the Maltster or the Dryer or Roaster of Chicory, as the Case may be, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all Malt which shall be packed, produced, or shipped for Ex-

Eortation contrary to the Provisions, Regulations, or Directions contained in or authorized y this Act shall be forfeited, with the Packages containing the same.

XXXIV. From

Maltster to provide Measures and Scales and Weights, and Assistance in measuring and weighing.

Debenture to be given to Exporter One Month after Exportation. In calculating Quantity of Malt, 7^ per Cent to be deducted.

Malt exported not to contain unmalted Grain.

Provisions of former Acts relating to the Exportation of Exciseable Commodities to apply to this Act

Penalty for Breach of the Provisions of this Act

Provisions of Acts herein named relating to Duties of Excise on Malt repealed.

Charging of Excise Doty on Sugar used in brewing deferred until 1st April 1861.

Penalty on Persons selling Beer not brewed by them in wholesale Quantities, without a Licence as Dealers, as specified in 6 G. 4. c. 81.

Persons retailing Beer at Places not specified in a Licence to be deemed to retail Beer without a Licence, and to be liable to Penalty accordingly.

On the Death of a Person licensed to keep a Hackney Carriage the Licence may be transferred to the Widow or Child, and also to the Husband of a Woman licensed before Marriage.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 113.

XXXIV. From and after the Commencement of this Act, the several enumerated Clauses, of the respective Acts herein-after specified relating to the Duties of Excise on Malt shall be and the same are hereby repealed; (that is to say,) the Twenty-first, Twenty-ninth, Thirty-second, and Thirty-fifth Sections of the Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-two; the Sixteenth Section of the Act passed in. the Eleventh Year of the same King, Chapter Seventeen; and the Seventh Section of the Act passed in the First Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Forty-nine, except as to any Proceedings now pending to which the same or any of them are applicable.

XXXV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, a Duty of Excise was imposed on Sugar used in the ' brewing or maxing of Beer, and by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of Her Majesty's c Reign, Chapter Fifteen, the charging of the said Duty was deferred until the First Day of

April One thousand eight hundred and sixty, and it is expedient to further defer the same: Be it enacted, That the charging of the said Duty of Excise on Sugar used as aforesaid shall be further deferred until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

XXXVI. And whereas by the Act passed in the Sixth Year of King George the ' Fourth, Chapter Eighty-one, a Licence is required to be taken out by every Person, not being a Brewer of Beer, who shall sell strong Beer only in Casks containing not less than e Four Gallons and a Half, or in not less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles at One

Time, to be drank or consumed elsewhere than on his Premises, and by the Twenty-sixth Section of the same Act a Penalty of One hundred Pounds is imposed upon every such

Person who shall sell Beer in manner aforesaid without taking out such Licence sas aforesaid:' Be it enacted, That every Person not having taken out such Licence as aforesaid who shall sell Beer in any such Quantity as aforesaid, speh Beer not havii^ been brewed by himself, shall be Subject and liable to the said Penalty, and in any Information or other Proceeding for the Recovery of the same it shall not be necessary to negative that the, i Defendant was a Brewer of Beer, and on the Trial or Hearing of any such Information or \ Proceeding Proof that the Beer was brewed by the Defendant shall lie.upon jlpmaelf by; way of Defence: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to the Saje of Beer by any Person licensed by the Justices of the P^ace to keep art Alehouse or Victualling House, and having also taken out the proper Excise Licence in that Behalf.

XXXVII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether Persons licensed to sell Beer by Retail are liable to any Penalty for or on account of selling Beer at any other Place than the House or Premises specified in the Licence granted to them in that Behalf:

J$q it enacted, That if any Person whatever shall sell Beer by Retail, that is to sayj dn any Quantity less than Four and a Half Gallons, or in less than Two Dozen reputed Quart Bottles, at One Time, at any other House or Place than the House or Premises specified in

a Licence duly granted to him in that Behalf, he shall be deemed to sell Beer by Retail without having an Excise Retail Licence in force authorizing him so to do, and shall accordingly be subject and liable to the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence, anything in any former Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and in any Information or other Proceeding for the Recovery of such Penalty it shall be sufficient to charge that he sold Beer by Retail without having an Excise Licence in force authorizing him so to do, and it shall not be necessary further or otherwise to describe spqh Offence.

XXXVIII. Whenever any Person to whom a Licence to keep and let to Hire a Hackney Carriage under the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Rcigrt of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty-seven; shall have been granted fehklf die during the Existence of such Licence, and shall leave $ Widow or a ChiJd of fulliAgc, and also whenever any Woman to whom any such LiC^ncq shall have been, granted shall marry during the Existence of such Licence, and such surviving Widow, or the said Chili or the Husband of such Woman, shall coptinue and carry on the Business of such deceased Person or of such Woman respectively, it shall be lawful; for the Officers empowered to gr*xnt Licences, upon the Application of puy such Widow* pr Child, 9r Husband, aethe, l Case may be, (ana in the Case of ^uch deceased Person with the Consent of his or her

415

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 113.

Executor or Administrator,) to transfer by Indorsement, or otherwise as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall direct, the said Licence to such Widow, Child, or Husband respectively for the Remainder of the Term for which the same shall have been originally granted, and thereupon such Widow, Child, or Husband respectively shall become chargeable with the Duty payable by Law upon pr in respect of the Hackney Carriage mentioned in the said Licence, and shall also }>e liable to all the Provisions* Regulations, and Penalties contained in any Act in force relating to Hackney Carriages, in the same Manner as if such Widow, Child, or Husband were the ^Person to whom such Licence had been originally granted.

XXXIX. When any Person shall be arrested and detained under any Act relating to Persons taken the Inland Revenue charged with any Offencp for which he may be liable to Conviction on 1!efore a immediate Arrest, it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom such Person shall be taken, ^?tbCan offence in his Discretion, from Time to Time to remand the Person accused for further Examination against Laws for such Time as the said Justice shall deem reasonable (not exceeding Eight clear Days) ^nue^a^be to the Common Gaol or House of Correction or other Place of Security in the County, remanded^or Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place for which such Justice shall then be admitted to acting, or such Justice may in his Discretion, instead of detaining the accused Person in BaiI *

Custody during the Period for which he shall be remanded, discharge him upon his entering into a Recognizance, with or without a Surety or Sureties, at the Discretion of such Justice, conditioned for his Appearance atthri Time and Place appointed for the Continuance of such Examination; and if such accused Person shall not afterwards appear kt the Time and Place mentioned in such Reco^nizancb, the said Justice or any other Justice who may then and there be present, shall certify of the Back of the Recognizance! the Nonappearance of such accused Person1, and bhalf transmit such Recognizance to the Clerk of the Peace of the Corihtf, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place withip which such Recognizance shall have been taken, to be proceeded upon in like Manner as other, Recognizances' forfeited at Quarter Sessions may now by Law be enforced^ and such Certificate shall be deemed sufficient vritna facie Evidence of such Npnappearanpe of the said accused Person., i

XL. 'And whereas by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chief AccountChapter One, the Two several Offices of Accountant General of Ekoise andi Accountant and Comptroller General of Stamps and Taxes were consolidate J into Onp Officp of belppoLt^7 4 Accountant and Comptroller Gbn^ral of the said respective Duties; ancf it, was, enacted* in lieu of an that the Person holding or appointed to such Ojfficp, shou]d be termed " "the Accountant and Comptroller General of Inland Revenue And whereas it is expedient, that in lieu of ^olle^GeneraL 4 the said last-mentioned Officer the Commissioners of Inland Revenue should be authorized to appoint Two or more Persons to \)t Chief Accountants of the Revenue under their Care and Management Be it enacted, That in the Place and Stead of the said Accountant and Comptroller General of Inland Revenue it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue, with the Consent and1 Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Trerfcury, if they shall think fit, from Time to Time, to appoint Two or more Persons to be Chief Accountants of t' Inland Revenue, and such Chief Accountants, flr any Two of them with respect to the several Branches of the Inland Revenue, and any One of the said Chier Accountants with respect to any Branch thereof with which he may be specially charged, shall have, use, and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and perform all such Functions, as are now given to or vested in or to be performed by the Accountant and Comptroller General of Inland Revenue under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever. '

XLI. 'And whereas an Act tvas passed in the present Session of parliament, (Chapter The Word Twenty-seven, intituled An Act for granting to Her Majesty certain Duties on Wine Licences and Refreshment Houses, and for regulating the licensing of Refreshment Houses, in^rtecHn 6 4 and the granting of Wine Licences, and through Inadvertence the Borough of Finsbury Sect 27. of was omitted to be mentioned in the Twenty-seventh Section of the same Act:' For <-27. of this Remedy whereof be it enacted, That the Word "Finsbury" shall be deemed to be inserted ' l0n' immediately after the Word u Marylebohcv in the said Twenty-seventh Section, and the 23 & 24 VICT. 3 G said

Penalty imposed in Sect 9. of c. 27. of this Session to be deemed an Excise Penalty.

A Game Certificate not required for killing Babbits in Ireland.

Construction of Terms used in this Act

-.I

23° ki 24* VldTdRf.te; 114.

said Act shall be read and construed and shall operate and have effect iq all respects as if the said Word " Finsbury " had been originally so inserted as aforesaid.

XLII. 'f And whet^a8 by Section IX. of the last-mentioned Act a Penalty of Twenty ' Pounds is imposed upon every Person who shfcll keep a Refreshitient Houre for which a Licence is required, without taking out and having in force a proper Licence ip, that Behalf:' Be it enacted, That the said Penalty shall be denominated an Excise P and shall be recovered, levied, mitigated* and applied in the Manner directed fey the third Section of the same Act with regard to Penalties so denominated.

XLIII. And for the Amendment of an Act of the present Session of Parliament to J repeal the Duties on Game Certificates and Certificates to deal in Game, and to impose in lieu thereof Duties on Excise Licorices and Certificates for the like Purposes, be it enacted, That notwithstanding anything in the said Act contained, no Person shall be required, to take out any Licence or Certificate to authorize the taking or killing of Rabbits in Ireland.

CAP. cxiv.

An Act to reduce into One Act and to amend the Excise Regulations relating the distilling, rectifying, and dealing; in Spirits.

[28th August I80OL]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, aqcl Commons, in this present ParUs^nt '

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows .: ., f j

. > / 1

Interpretation and Definition of Terms.

I. For the Purposes of this Act the following Terms and Expressions whecover uqedj therein shall be construed as herein-after mentioned, unless it be otherwise specially prcrvidedij or there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to or inconsistent; wijth snehi Construction; (that is to say,)

" The, CarnInissioqer8/, shall mean the Commissioners of Inland Revenue: .

"Distiller" shall mpan a Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits: 1 ' '!

The Term " Still shall mean also the Head or Worm, or any Qtlier Part of a Still, and shall mean and include also any distilling Apparatus whatever for the distilling or making of Spirits: # # i / . i /

Rectifier or Compounder f shall mean a Rectifier; or Compounder of Spirits, , ., "Dealer" shall mean a Dealer in Spirits: i . ., , a//.*] '

" Retailer " elmll mean a Retailer of Spirits: . _ . ., ., , lK; .

" Excise Trader " shall mean- and include a Distiller, Rectifier* Compounder, Dealer? and Retailer, and also a Maltster, and any Proprietor of a general Warehouse underjtbe Provisions of this Act, and every other Person carrying on a Tirade or Business subject to the Regulations of this Act: .

The several Terms Collector," " Supervisor," and Officer " shall, mean respectively Collector of Excise, Supervisor of Excise* and Officer of .Excise; and the; Te*ml '1 proper Collector," " proper Supervisor," and " pUoper Officer " shall mean, reaper tively the Collector, Supervisor, and Officer of .Exoisc respectively of the Cplject^rii District, Division, and Ride respectively in which any Excise Trader shall earryxmrft 1 Trade or Business subject to the Laws of Excised or in which any: Premises; whe^eist such Trade or Business is carried on, or intended so to be, are situate, or io^wJwQk -any thing.isi by this Act required to. be done, or any Notice to be gpven to suck Collector,

I Supervisor, apd Officer respectively; provided always, that thri'Tertn Omcer "

, sha]l piean an Qfiieer of Excisc of any Rank or Grade whatever; ' ' r 1

"i Justice of the JPepcc" shall mean a Justice of the Peace, having Juns^tlAn1 For

, , .(; County or Place where any Offence shall be committed of suspected f0'fee cbfomiftOT,

or

, W:&i24° V; I(?TQSLE, c> 114.

417

4 , pr any Offender, shall be apprehended or found, or any Goods or Commodities shall be seized or be liable to Seizure, or be suspected to be so liable, as the Case may be:

ft Oouhtjr or Place" shall include a City, County of a City, County of a Town, Borough,

Liberty, Division, Franchise, or other Place of magisterial Jurisdiction: ,

"Ship n shall mean Ship or VesseL

It ^very Person making or keeping Wash prepared or fit for distilling, or Low Persons having Wmes or Feints, and having in. his Possession or Use a Still, shall be deemed to be a a

Distiller liable to the several Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by Law on stuideonedto Distillers* be Distillers.

Licences to Distillers y Rectifiers9 and Compounders.

III. No Person without having first duly obtained and having in force a Licence for the Purpose from the Commissioners, or the proper Officers authorized to grant such Licence, according to the Law of Excise, shall have or use a Still for making, distilling, rectifying, or compounding Spirits, or brew or make Wort or Wash, or distil Low Wines, Spirits, or Feints, or rectify or compound Spirits, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and for any such Offence all Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints, and Spirits, and all Materials for making or preparing the same respectively, and all Stills in the Possession or Use of the Offender, and all Vessels artd Utensils therewith used, or containing such Wort, WfsfcrLpw Win$s> Feints, Spirits, and Materials respectively, shall be forfeited.

1 IW^The several Licences, Entries, Notices, Declarations, Books, Accounts, and Returns required or directed by this Act may be in such Form respectively as the Commissioners may from Timd'to Time direct, but it shall not be necessary to prove, in any Proceeding for afi Offence against this Act, the particular Order or Direction of the Commissioners in that Behalf; and any Notice or Declaration given or made by or on behalf of an Excise Trader shall, according to the Intent and Meaning thereof, be taken to be good and effectual as against such Excise Trader, although it may not be in the Form, or contain the several FarticttlarSj or be given to'or Berved upon all the Person^ or within the Time by this Act prescribed or limited for giving or serving the same; and it shall not be competent for such Excise Trader to allege any Imperfection or Defect in such Notice or Declaration, or in the giving, making, or serving of the same.

V. No One Licence shall authorize a Person to keep or use a Still, or make Wort or

or distil Wash, Low Wines, or Spirits, or rectify or compound Spirits in any other Place tb^n the House or Premises mentioned in such Licence.

VI. No Person shall be entitled to have a Licence granted to him for a Distillery, or be

5ermitted to make"Entry of a Distillery, unless the same shall be situated within a Market 'own, or within the Distance of a Quarter of a Mile from such Town; but the Commissioners may, if they shall think fit, grant such Licence and permit such Entry to be made in respect vrf a Distillery situated otherwise than as aforesaid, on the Distiller providing, on such Terms as they shall approve, fit and proper Lodgings or Rooms for the Residence of the Officers to be placed in charge of such Distillery, conveniently situated and approved by the Collector, but not forming any Part of the Distillery ^, or of the Dwelling House in Which the Distiller shall reside, 'and at a reasonable Cost not exceeding Ten Pounds a Year; and if after tho granting of a Licence on the Terms' aforesaid the Distiller shall rfogleet or refuse to provide such Lodgings or Rooms, or shall not maintain them in proper Repfeirv o^ shall interrupt or annoy the Officer in the proper Use and Enjoyment thereof, the Commissioners may suspend or revoke such Licence; > and during the Period of such Suspension-, os well as after euch Revocation, the Licence shall be deemed to be no longer ih'tforce; 1 , .*.* '

. t)istiller in Rngland shall keep or use a Still for making or distilling Low Wines

or Spirits the Body of which, without the Head thereof, shall be of less Content than Four hupd?$d Gallons; and no Distiller keeping or using a Still of smaller Content, without the Three thousand Gallons, shall keep or use in his Distillery at the same Time ' 3 G 2 more

No Person to keep or use a Still for distilling Spirits, or make Wort or Wash without a Licence for that Purpose.

The Licences, Entries, Notices, Declarations, &c. required by this Act may be in such Form as the Commissioners shall direct Notices and Declarations not invalidated for Want of Form.

Licence for Premises mentioned therein only.

Distillery to be within a Quarter of a Mile of a Market Town, or Distiller to provide Lodgings for Officers.

No Distiller in England to keep a Still of less Content than 400 Gallons, or use

more than 2 Wash Stills and 2 Low Wines Stills with an j Still of less Content than 3,000 Gallons. No Person to keep a Still of less Content than herein specified.

No Licence <o be granted for any Still of less content than400 Gallons without Certificate of Three Justices of the Fitness of the Person to be licensed.

Persons licensed to keep a Still of 400 Gallons Content may keep a smaller Still. Commissioners may refuse Licences for Stills under 400 Gallons.

Commissioners may refuse to license Stills in Situations near Rectifiers or Brewers# and, may also refuse to grant Licences to Rectifiers, &c. near Distilleries.

Commissioners may revoke the Licence of any Distiller convicted of obstructing Officers.

A proper Spirit Store to be provided m every Dis* tiilery.

After obtaining Licence, and before making

more than Two Wash Stills and Two Low Wines Still *, upon pain of forfeiting for every Still of less Capacity or Content than as aforesaid, and for every Still abovb'fne Ndifibpr aforesaid respectively, the Sum of One hundred Pouhds^ and for every Time tfiat any suCp Still as aforesaid shall be used by him a further Sum of One hundred Pounds; a!nd^eVef\?

such improper or farther Still shall also be forfeited. "u 1 - ' } 11'* " ' V, , '

- . / I vi JO

VIII. No Licence shall authorize a, Person to keep or uqea StiUor othe* Utensil foi

making or distilling Spirits of less Content than Forty Gallons, or any distilling Apparatus not capable of distilling Two hundred Gallons of Wash per Hpqr* - / > O

IX. Before a Licence shall be granted to any Person, to keep or use a Sti\t foij making distilling Spirits of less Content than Four hundred Gallons, lie shall produce to the Coto^ missioners a Certificate, in Writing, under flip Hands of Three Justices of the Peace of County or Place, that he is a Person of good Character, and fit and proper to bp Hpeps^i to keep such Still; and that the Premises in which fie purposes to erect such $till, anp of, which he is in actual Possession, are of the yearly Value of Ten Pounds at the least; but i£ a Still shall be intended to be kept by Two or more Persons in Partnership, such Certificate with relation to One of them shall be sufficient to authorize the granting of a Licence to all such Persons.

!I 1 1 JJ

X. Provided always, That a Person who bshall beb licensed to keep gnd vrhd shall afeiu&llyt

keep and use a Still of the Content of Four hundred Gallons or upwards, , ipay be . lioynped to keep a Still of less Content without the Production of such Certificate; apcTproypd^ also, that the Commissioners may, If they shall deem it expedient, refuse to grant Licence to a Person to keep a Still of less Content th^p Four hundred Gallons, pot\vitfystanclingj the Production of the Certificate of the Justice^; and in every Case when a Licence sb^j be refused, the Commissioners shall state in Writing under their Hands, (to the Justipc^ who shnll have signed such Certificate, 'thp (grounds of Refusal. ' ] (, ' ' (J '

XI. The Commissioners may lawfully refuse jto grant Lioende to kd4p>rt StfllrfoF'tHfc>

making, or distilling of Spirits in any Building in which* from the fecal Sitn^ioU lfcerfeof^ respect tp any Premises used for rectifying or compounding Spirits, or in respect tb anyi Brewery or Vinegar Manufactory, it: may appear !fo them< itdt to be expedient to aliow thel making or idistdling of Spirits; and they may dlso lawfully tefuse togrfarafc u Liienoejtbf keep a Still for rectifying or compounding Spirits* otf aLlcetice to' brew*Beer* P^rto^wt^ Ale, or to make Vinegar, on any Prfehiisesin whiehyibora tHhiridoeal Sitiiation in re^ tcJ a Distillery, it shill appear to the Connuiadioners inexpedient to hliovr Sadi* Trades^orl Businesses respectively to be catried on. - W r* ' i 1 i !*/; h.i, .\\u<

XII. The Comraissioriers play lawfully suspend or revoke the licence of a ^stiller; shall be convicted of obstructing or preventing any Officer or HijS Assistant in pr^Qm.^terjuif

into a Uistillery, or any House, Outhouse, Stor ^, or other Pi Distiller, or in or froin otherwise performing hls^uty pj the llxeci

Place, whatpooyei* of #u

to the Excise.

xecution ofjapy; jjkci '

I iiufe

Description and Construction of Spirit^ Stores, Vessels, and Utensils to he provided., - rt<

XIII. There >shall be proper Spirit Store-in every DUtiltery for keepih^ tthd' securing^ the Spirits distilled therieat j and such Spirit Store shall be nr seebre Room Wftace, hpptioited* by the Commissioners* and provided with proper Fdseenings> for the Purpose

and securing the swtoe to the Satisfaction of; tho! Supervisor dr other superior

shall be kept looked up by the proper Officer ini charge, at till Times,

be iu Attendance; and the Commissioned may refuse to grant ift* Licence ttf keep

tho distilling of Spirits t:o'any Person until ho shall have provided1 in Hie Distt41eryfu'biJe^eK

Store approved as aforesaid; and they may algo suspend or1 revoke any Ltebnlce* Wfrtefi

have been granted to n) Distiller* uriless and until he khali lihVe' providedfsttoh

fixed proper listenings for securing the isaine' in'nhanner aforesaid. 'r', f 111 1 I'fimrm J

XIV. Every Person who. shall take out a, licence aa a ^latiller; Wiall, ^ifter/o^nu^ such Licence and before making Lntry of a Still pr pifier, ^c^ej.or: Htwsil tp{b^J0^d

him.

4i6

tb be called other Vessel

Entry of Utensils, Distiller to erect certain Chargers and Receivers.

Number of Chargers and Receivers allowed.

Description of Vessels and Utensils.

ash uharger, One oth^y^ql >tp, fbft<Hdled(ftjFmntP Receiver, qqd One be called a Spirit Receiver; and r if the Still be of such I^ind that the Pfbfiutte^of tW Wash oirthe First DistHkitfon iff Ldw Wines, then in addition to the Vessels beS^'ephmettiled ^there shaft be ejected *Ohe! Vesfftf'to1 be called p Low Wines Receiver,

One other Vessel to be called a'LotvWin^s and1 Feiufs1 Charger, and (except as herein-after mentioned One other Vessel tobo, wllc^a^pentt Lee? Receiver; but there shall, not be Jttjpfoiii hjX>is£illqry more than One j\V$s|hL CJnarger, nqr, }n connexion with the jSrst-mentioned Km'd of ^tiJb more than One Spirit j&epeiy ^, ^cent on the^Terpia and Conditions specified SrClause Eighty-five ojf tbistJVctV ppr mor^ than Two jFeiniq Receivers nor, in connexion with1 the, K!ind of §fill secondly herein mentioned^ more .tfian (OneSpirit Receiver (except eg kfptCaaid), nor more than Two tow Wines Receivers, nor more than Two Feints Receivers, hor more than Two tow Wines and Feints Chargers; and if any greater Number of such Vessels respectively shall be found in a Distillery the Distiller shall forfeit Two hundred Pounds, and all such Vessels exceeding the Number aforesaid respectively, together with the Contents thereof, shall also be forfeited: Provided always, that it shall be lawful toihatoe One intermediate Still Chafer in connexion with each Charger.

I' !^Y.!lEyieiw Wash (/harg^r shall ^e a close rcoyered Vps^et and the jCJontenjfc thereof shall nor he Wss than Half thatT o^ thq largest Wash Rack; and every Wash Charger shall be connected, With; ite^Wa^tills by Qno cjo^'Metal pipe with a Branch to each Still, living a Coc|t thereon, Onp Endot which Pipe shfill be fixed into the Bottom of the Wash CTar^eij, and the t^nd of each Branch shqUbi^fijed into the Still; and to the Wash Charger Wash Charger, there shall he One other close Metyl Pipe having a Cockthprepn, one End of which Pipe shall be fixed into the Pump placed in the Jack Back, if any such Vessel shall be used, or Qtheriwisd[to^the |Pipe ©r Trough communicating t with th© ^fermenting Wash Ba6ks, and the othdr End of such Pijbe shall be; fixed into such Wteh Charger; and sikch Charger shall not i Gomnafuaicarian with«any. other Vessel or Utensilf whatever, except ' With the Feints Bdoewekb by meatisof a ^loae Pump br Metal; Pipe with a Cook thereon; and every Low Wane Rebeivenrrshall)be atolos^i ciovered Vessel, with a Pamp er discharging Oock fixed therein ifob the ConveyanceofLbw Wines fyota: such Receiver into the Low Wines and Fnints phnrger^andK^Cre lshalli; be Onei close Metal Pr^e, externally visible for its whole Length* attached tnahd leading directly from the Safe lit the End of the Worm of the Wash Still, and fixed into the Low Wines Receiver, so that? nil Low Wines running into such Pipe from the Safe shall immediately be discharged therefrom into such Repeivqr, which Red(fei^et ] bh; ul 'nbt have Communication with any Vessel or Utensil whatever, except as afo^s'ald; M and' evqry1 Felnfs Receiver shall, be a close, covered Vessel, with a Pump or di&fehiging'.Cbck fixed therein For the Conveyance of Feints from such Receiver into the Wlneff aikl Feints Charger or Wash Charger of intermediate Still Charger, ape} there shall be One close Metal Pipe, externally visible for the whole Length, attached to and leading directly from the Safe at the End, of the Worm of the Still, and fixed into the Feints Receiver, so that dll Feints running into such Pipe from the Safe shall immediately be dif^hargedj thprpfrpm/into such Receiver, which Receiver shall not have Communication .anyj VeessJ prU-ten$|l whatever, 'eic^ptas nfureqaid; i and every Low Wihes ^and Feints Qjwrgo? Shall; , ba. a olofee; hovered Vessel, [conpecfed w i tb!the Still by a closei Metal Pipe AfOpck thepeon, due End of which Pipe shall the 'fixed: into the Bdttom of such Qhftfgerl awt the pther EndfchuU be.fi^edlinto stheStill, and each such Charger pball have Cpni^wication with the Dow Wines aml Fe Receivers respectively by means of close Pipes *, idaef tEndl whbr^of. irqepecttivtely sbaQl 1 be; fixed tb each each Charger, and: the othofi h$, |ittnfihed(to, the Pump or discharging Cobk to be so fixed as aforesaid in

Btebelyer pnd EelttbsiReieiKen rebpectiveflyi* and isuch! Charter shall not have Communication with any other V4dseLoC iUt»h^ whaifoyerj except aff aforesaid t anjd qvery Spirit. Receiver shall be. a xlose ' " -

Low Wines Receiver.

Feints Receiver.

Low Wines and Feints Charger.

\\3<HnrHiiy V^s^l 'of'u feiWiT1 wtftfcvpr, ' bx<ie

cM$ ^aTTiyr^tefnttllp vrelilc ' ftr Its '

fKIIll

Spirit Receiver.

from

Chargers and Receivers how to be erected.

Dipping Rods to be fixed therein.

Description of Spent Lees Receiver.

Intermediate Still Charger.

Penalty for constructing Chargers or Receivers contrary hereto.

General Directions as to the Mode and Course in which Wash, Low Wines, Feints, and Spirits shall be conveyed through the several Utensils.

23° & 24* VICTORI*, - c. 114.

from the Safe at the End of the Worm, and fixed into the Spirit Receiver in such fanner as that all Spirits running therein from the Safe shall run directly and , bc discharge^ therefrom into the Spirit Receiver without resting in the Pipe; and in every Spirit Receiver there shall be placed and fixed either a Pump for emptying the same, or a proper discharging Cock for drawing off the Spirits therefrom; and every such Charger and Receiver respectively shall be erected and kept in a convenient and public Situation in the Still House, or }io|the Approbation of the Commissioners, and exposed to open View, and easy of Access and Inspection to the surveying Officer on all Parts thereof, and shall have a sufficient'Cover thereon, with a Dipping Hole cut in the Cover, of such Form and Size as the Commissioners shall direct, and in the Dipping Hole there shall be placed such Dipping Rod as shall be provided by the proper Officer, who may secure the same in such Mahner as to him shall seem expedient to prevent the Removal thereof; and every Spent Lees Receiver^hall'be a close covered Vessel, and shall not have Communication with any Vessel or tJtensil'Vhat-ever, except with the Low Wines Still by means of One close Metal Pipe, externally visible for its whole Length, attached to and leading directly from the Still, and fixed into the Spent Lees Receiver, and which Pipe shall be the only Discharge Pipe of such Still, having a Cock thereon secured as the Supervisor or other superior Officer shall dfrpct ppdajyrove, and in the Bottom of which Receiver shall be an interpal safe and secure Plug in a L^scl^arge Hole; and every such Spent Lees Receiver shall have One other Opening not i^qreRian One Third of the Depth of the Receiver from the Top thereof, covered and sep|ujr^|ljp by an internal Metal Plate perforated with circular Holes of not more than Four.^entjpp of an Inchin Diameter, and such Receiver shall have no other Opening whatsoei^eri^pid every intermediate Still Charger (if such Vessel be used) shall be a close covepec^ .Tfassel, and shall have One fixed Pipe with a Cock thereon leading from the Wash Cha^er^l^Lo^ Wines and Feints Charger, and One fixed Discharge Pipe with a Cock thereon leading ff'om the Still Charger to the Still, and shall have no other Hole or Opening therein, a&or any other Communication with any Vessel or Utensil whatever, except One other Pipe jyj^h a Cock thereon leading from the Feints Receiver, and One other Pipe from the Water patera; and if there shall be found in a Distillery any Charger or Receiver or Pump or Pipe therefrom or Cock therein which shall not be made, kept, and constructed in inianiter/; herein directed, or which shall have any Hole therein, except the Trap Door in thei Cover thereof and Dipping Hole, properly secured by the Officer, or any Cenanmirication with anyrflther Vessel or Utensil whatever other than as by this Act is required or allowed, (the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and also the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every/Day during which such Charger, Receiver, Pump, Pipe, or Cook shall remain in his Distillery.

XVI. All Wash made in a Distillery shall be fermented in the Fermenting Wash Backs, and shall be conveyed directly from thence into the Wash Charger, and from such Ciu&ger into the Still, there to be distilled; all Low Wines shall be conveyed directly f^om the Safe at the Worm End of the Wash Still into the Low Wines Receiver, and be pumped up or conveyed from thence into the Low Wines and Feints Charger, and/ shall be conveyed directly from such Charger into the Low Wines Still, there to be re-jdistille&'£ and all Spirits shall be conveyed directly from the Safe at the Worm End of the Still iritp the Spirits Receiver, or Feints Receiver, and so much of such Spirits as shall be conveyed into the Feints Receiver shall be pumped or conveyed directly from thenoeinto the Low Wines and Feints Charger, or Wash Charger, or intermediate Still Charger, and directly from such Charger into the Still to be redistilled; and the Produce of the JastHmentioned Re-distillation, and of every other Re-distillation, shall in like Manner be conveyed directly from the Safe at the Worm End of the Still into the Spirit Receiver, or into thef.Feints Receiver; and no Feints conveyed into the Feints Receiver shall in any Case be removed from thence, except by pumping, or by a Discharge Cock conveying the saute directly into the Low Wines and Feints Charger, or Wash Charger, or intermediate Still Charger, from whence such Feints shall be conveyed directly into the JStill for Re-distillatioti, ^ptil the whole of such Feints shall be made into Spirits, and be conveyed and run into the Spirit Receiver; and no Spirits conveyed into the Spirit Receiver shall be re-distilled or removed from such Receiver, except into the Store Room of the Distiller, in the Mannet hereinafter directed; and if in a Distillery any Wash shall be fermented or any Wish, Low

Wines. Feints, or Spirits shall be removed or distilled, contrary or otherwise than according 1 rW) ui6 Directions iifOtfesaid, or"if 'the whole of the Spirits made dr distilled shall not1 be Conveyed and rnn into the Spirit Receiver, such Wash, Lbfc -Wines, Feints, and Spirits 'respectively, together with all Vessels and Utensils wherein the satne may be contained, - shall b& forfeited, and the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, or ' 'Twenty Shillings for evetjt Galfoti of subh Wash; Low Wines, Feints; or Spirits, at the ? 'ETection of the Commissioners or Person1 who shrill inform or sue for the same.

XVII. All Spirits distilled ip aDdetjlleiy shall, after, the proper Officer .shall have taken > i .an Awourift of the Qnaprityi .apd ,; Strength, thereof, be forthwith removed and conveyed i through a clpse Mqtal Pipe risible throughout its wfyeie Length, fro#) the Spirit Receiver n into im entered Store Cask, or Vat in, tho- entered Spirit, Store of the Distillery; and every, such Store Cask , aqd Vat-respectively:ehall .bc-, a, ^loae coveted vessel, >vith .proper and ' Sufficient Fastenings for securing, tlte, Spirits .therein, to the Satisfaction, of the proper Supervisor or other superior Officer; > and if all such Spirits, shall not be removed and conveyed in manner aforesaid into- such entered Store Cask or Vat as aforesaid, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

XVIII. No ^Spirit Receiver shall he used which shall* not he made, placed, and fixed to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, and be of a Depth sufficient to admit of the Gauge 1 /of .Spirits being taken of the Depth of Fifteen Inches at the least in the Centre of the Rieceijyer; ^nd every Receiver shall be so filled with Spirits that at the Time of gauging the same, for the Purpose of charging the Duty thereon, the Depth of Spirits therein shall !' fnot he less tha^ Fifteen Inches, and if1 iri any Distillery a Spirit ReceiVer shall be used; Which shall not bq so paade, plriced, and fixed as aforesaid, or Which shall not be of a Depth f} sufficient to admit of the Gauge of the Spirits therein being taken of the Depth aforesaid, or lU\'u a Distiller shall neglect or refus^ to cause any Spirit Receiver used iri his Distillery to be 7 (sb filled with Spirits that at t)lie Time of gauging the same the Depth of Spirits thefein shall hot be less, than as aforesaid, unless from ariy uriavoidable Cause or Circumstance he shall be n unable 90 io do, the Distiller Shall forfeit the Sum* of Fifty Pounds. '

: [XTXv Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to allow, the Use of any 1 Spiifit ReceiVer which before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty^three was erected arid^ in use in a Distillery^ although the same may be of eo latge anArea that the Spirits distilled from the Wash contained in ?the respective 1 l\Vttsh Backs of bhe Distillery -maybe insufficient to fill such Receiver to the Depth ftfottesttifl j and in such Caste as well as ip iny othrir Case iri 'which the>Depth of Spirits in any Spirit Receiver shall be less than Fifteeq Inches, the Charge of Spirit? therein shall be .m?de on the next Tenth Paft of an Inch marked on the graduated Scale on tlhe Dipping .Pipq^above the Point which the Dip of^uch Spirits in the Receiver shall indicate thereon; |rM , pn<Jrtho said next Tenth on the said graduated SOale shall be deemed to be; the aritual Dip of, i the Spirits, and tbq Officer shall eriter; /tKe sanm in his Survey Book, and chatge the Dutjr 11 ,; . accordingly, making an Allowance to tljie Distiller of One Half of a Gallon iri eVer^ One . , 1! Eundred^Gallons of the Quantity so charged^ computed at the Strength of Hydrometer

<, )iU H XX. The Commissioners may require any Drefciller? to erect and apply atihisrown Expense /J fln4ite Dl«tilleryf any 'Apparatus' or Madhine whidi they mriy think proper fear the Purpose ' f K6f'preventing the Supply'Cock (and the Ditchargi Oodlc of tie SpiritsJteceiveri being v f 1 ' botlriopen at thte same Time, aud! for registering the Number of Tintes eaoh Crick hafi been "'' opened; 'and if the Distiller shall *neglectr oar refuse Ito provider and apply any such 1" Apparatus or Machine* on being required so to do* he shall fdrfeit i >the Sum ofi Two , h'rhundred Pounds.

: K I J

, qfj c. other than such pipes, Donveyancesi, >and Openings as are prescribed by this^ct, forji^! ^)ae^9 shall any Opeping >yhatev^ into o^: QXkt the ^orpa of a except the

XIJ*7/- ' Communication

7/0

, 421

Spirits to be removed from the Receiver into an entered Store Vat or Cask,

Spirit Receivers, how to be placed.

Must admit of the Gauge of Spirits of the Depth of 15 ftiehesj and be filled to that Depth.

Commissioners may allow Spirit Ret

greeted before 10th Oct 1853 of a less Depth than 15 Inches to be used.

Mbde of gauging and charging Sjpofits in such Cose.

-/ V . I

(Commissioners may require Apparatus to be applied to Spirit Receiver to prevent Fraud.

Penalty for ally Pipe or Opening in any Still of a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder except as her e-in described.

* 422

Distillers, &c. to make an Opening in their Stills through which Officers may take Samples, and the Stills be cleansed

Fastenings to be provided for securing such Opening and the Head and Furnace Door of the Still.

The tnd of the Woim of every Still in a Distillery ]to be enclosed and secured, and the Spirits run into a close Safe, &c.

: > /. f

. m.& 24°; WGtroRiJE, &. m

C(flni?aurfi«rtiqp \vjii<?fi Mioh Worn shall have with the Still, *nd the; Opeiing iato tike Safe pt th^ End of such Worth. ond except such Air Valve o# Gonduotor ae shall he approved Jof byi thje. Gounpigsi^nerp, the Distiller, iRabtifier, or Compounded shall: forfeit the Sum / of - Tvko hundred£oupd$ ,; ' t a> > *_ ...»*; *

XXII. In every Still used by a Distiller, Jiectifi.er> or Compounder them shell be[a Hole or Opening, y hereby the Officers may bepnafeled to tpte Gauges aod S^r^pjes .; a^d such Hole or Opening sh^ll fe^t npt Jesptlw Turn Applies in Diameter, and so contrived Jhpt the Officers may take Samples from the Still with a Phial, to be drawn perpendicularly through the same, and that the Still may be thereby cleansed, subject to such Directions as the OomnaSssioners i^y feive in tha)(j Behalfl, and pi^per Fa&ertfngs shall provided for locking and-securing the said Hole Or Opening, rind for securing the Head of the Still and

: the Furnace Door thereof; and aill suck Fa&teningk shrill be locked and Secured by the proper Officer; and if a Still shall be set up or used by a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder in which there shall not be such Hole or Opening as aforesaid, or if a Distiller, Repti^er, or Compduiider shall not observe any Directions which may be given by the Commissioners, as aforesaid in that Behalf, hd shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XXIII. The End of the Worm of every Still in a Distillery shall be enclosed and secured In such Marnier and by such Mechanism and Means as the Commissioners shall direct; and all Dow Wines, Feinw, and Spirits running from the End of the, Worm shrill/run fVol thence directly into a Safe enclosed and secured as aforesaid, and shall be conveyed directr and by such a Pipe as aforesaid open externally to the Inspection and Examination of Officers for the whole Length thereof, from the Safe into the Receivers respectively \ a if upon Detpand by the! proper Supervisor dr Officer the End of every Worin shall ndt^t enclosed and secured, and' maintained and kept ehdosed and Secured in manner afbfCsi^J or if the whole'of the; LoW1 Wmes, Feints, or Spirits cdmlhg From the Wbrrti shall riot run directly into a Safe so enclosed and secured as aforesaid, on if the lyow, Wipe^ Jfeints, and ^pmt^ respedivOly, riiyde^ery 'Pa, rt' therepf, spall not De successively conveyed from the 1 Shfo Into the) Low WiUes Receiver, Feints Receiver, and Sprit Receiver respectively, c^ir^ctly and by sudh alPipi of Pipes as' aforesaid, or if such Mechanism an<J Means of en^losing

r '

Discharge Cock to be fixed to each Still and kept locked.

tsecureu, xne i>ieenamsiii or ivj, eans uy, wmen, me pame span pe pneiosu^ aim secjurcu ^hfall ibe destroyed of injured, or if by any Contrivance'Access shall be gained or Had (except fcytheSatople Cock of such Safe), without ITotice to or not , in the Presence of the Oifhcer, to the eUclosed[Etifof th(e^6rm, di; to hUy Low Wines, Feipts, or Spirits, ir^rn Iliel^pje of 'the*Extraction dr Distillation thereof in the Still, until the same have been' taken nccoupt Of by the Officer in the proper Receiver, ot if the Officer shall fee in any Manner prevented /from, W hindered^baffled, ^Oj^ defeated in ascertaining the Strength and Quality of any'Xow iWJhiee^Feint& ,; or Spirits Whilst rdtming, o^ ip, taking a true Account thereof in the ReceVver, the Distiller fehidlfo^ffeit the SUu^of?Wo ^UcfredFouhds .; ' '; ir

XXIV. There shall be a DJsfcharge Coek fixed to every'Stilf in a Distillery, and WKefle therei shall not be> a Spent Lees Receiver such Discharge Cock on every Ltrvv Witiea/Sfill ishUHi be kept i safely and rie6urely lacked by -the- proper Officer, except When opeped by him on reasonable Notice given by the Distiller, not oftener than once in Six Hbtirf;

. of

fi^ed atld placed ds ^Mt 'the Officers majr at a^l aim^ have free and convenlehjt the1 SamC.

vtci

A Digdiarge; Cock of Ping, to be fitted in '

each Fermenting Waih Back.

I ^XXV^ Ev^ry Distiller [shall provide and &x4jb the Satkfhction of the Supervisor w nropet Discharge Cock or Flitg) and Plughole iO ©Very Fermenting^ AVksli Back^ thrdUgh which Cock ur Plughole the lAVesh.in such Wash Boick»shall from Time to Time be conveyed by a tylafh PijTb pn open Trough injt0 the Jack Book, if. any, or Snto the Wash Charger r rtnd slihh MmUjBipC iW Trough shall he placed/ and fixed in such Planner that all Wodh '

].. 1 IK ' / 1 - s- K- put

28!" & 24°iViieT0niiE, c. 114. 423

pat therein shall fortliWhh nm rtnd be discharged from thenbe into the Jack Back or Wash i Charger* as tho Case may be^ aild not1 efeewhere; and there shall not be any other Pipe or uConveyonce entering into or prissing out'of oaiy Wash Fermenting Back, except the Pipe for conveying Wort into the Fermenting Back from the Coolers and a Sewer Cock or Plug for carrying off the Water wherewith thp Back may luive been cleansed; but a Distiller may lawfully tilace any close Metal Pipe in but not opening into any Wash Back, for the Purpose 6t conveying through the same hot or cold Air or Water for the Purpose df promoting or retarding the Fermentation of the Worts or Wash contained 'therein.1 r' '; , 1 \

r X^YL| Every Cock kept, op- used by a Distiller; Rectifier, or Compounder shall be con- Construction of

; ^ucted in such Manner as shall be from Xi|ne to Time directed or approved by the Goc^suse

..(iommissioners, Qn. pa}n of; his forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every such Cook which (l$liaH be otherwise qou$trupte<L, i;

XlXVII Every Distiller, Rectifier, and Compounder respectively shall, at his own Distiller, Rec-

Expense, provide, maintain, and keep the several Utensils, Cocks, Pumps, Pipes, and tifier, and Com-

Troughs which are required by this Act, and shall also at his own Expense provide, main- ^de proper

. taip, amJ keep proper and sufficient Rattening* for securing the several Cocks and Plugs by Cocks, Pumps,

I this, djirqcted to bq secured, qnd fojy securing the; Covers of or belonging to the Chargers and Receivers. hereiq-beffufre mentioned respectively, and also for securing the ^utpw^jYessjels, and Utensil, s allowed or, required for the Purposes mentioned in this Act; muj Officer surveying any Distillery shall lock, secure, and fasten the several Cocks,

Plug *, Cavers, Pumps, Pipes,; Vessel ^, and Utensils for which Fastenings are required to be ppoyi^qd In s^ch, Manner as the Commissioners may direct, and shall keep the same so (locked^..sqqurqij^ qqd. fastened, at all Times, except when he shall be required under the Jpfoyisiqqs qi th# Act tq atteod, and shall attend to unlock and open the same.

; Air iocs's, piu^ Pumps, Pipes, Troughs, and other Utensils required by this All Cocks,

|^Lci .shall be provided, placed, and affixed as by this Ac}; directed^ and kept in proper Repair and Condition by apd at the Expense of ^hq Distiller, Rqctifier, or, Compounder to the ami'affixed^o4 j Satisfaction of the, Supervisor of .other superior Officer; and if a Distiller, Rectifier, or the Satisfaction, Compounder sliatl not, befoje he shall proceed Jo brew or make Wort or Wash, or to distil,

rectify, or compound Spirits, provide, place, tmd affix, or shall not afterwards maintain all "th^Expense such Cpchs, Plugs, Pippps, Pipes, Troughs, and Utensil? to the Satisfaction of the proper of the Distiller, Supervisor or other superior Officer, qi- shall not cause the same to be altered, amended, R*ctifier»and ' repaired, or renewed *yben and a? often ^s he shall be required by such Supervisor or superior mPoun er* Officer, such Distiller, Rectifier* or Compounder so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two Penalty for jhijmdred Pound*; and if a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall place, affix, or make any Co£fc, Plpgj^ip^ Opening to or in or into or from any Vessel or Utensil or

contrary to any Prohibition contained in this Act, or if he shall, in the Construction of any Cover, Fastening, Cock, Plug, Pump> or Pipe; cause or procure the same to be so made, or shall use the same when so made, as that any Vessel or Utensil may be employed, opened, removed* filled, or emptied jim the Absence of the proper Officer, or so os in any Manner to j^ypid or defeat the Secqjrity intended to be given or provided by any of the Regulations of this Act* ?qch Distiller, Rpetifipr* or Cprupqpnder shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred

10 :At or near the Top of every Fermenting Wash Back, and of every fixed and Backs and

iinte^kV Vessel1 for storing or, keening Spirits in the Premises of a Distiller, Rectifier, or fixed Vessels fCdmp6^hdef, Dealer or Retailer, there shall be an OpenW5qr Dipping Place, ift which the spiriteofDi^ 'Officer ^iy conveniently take his Dip or Gauge of the Contents of such Vessel; and a tillers, Recti-Plate of Brass or other Metal shall be fixed at such Dipping Place to secure the same from fier8» and heingi warai or qlfcered and rallf-siKih Bbokte aPd Ves^ls respectively shall be ganged and ^Se, ^n(i JaDltfuibyi ihd OffiCerd irtisdeh/Manherios shall be directed by the Commissionerfe, and shall Retailers to toe tracedi a*ul keptj in; convenient Situations, and be it nil Times easy of Access to the have aDipping jQflfiepriifor. his mbi)e ieodily ^nd effectually exaininhig the same in every Part, and taking and*!* gauged ttoejDlpi-oniGadgejthfiniof; ondfif dir any iBook or Vessel thdre efcall'uot be fruch Opening i., I 23 & 24 Vict. 3 H or

424 23" & 24" VK3TORLE, c. 114.

and tabled by ot Dipping Place! so constructed and secured as aforesaid, or if any Back or Vessel shall not the Officers. Tfe placed £nd kept in a convenient Situation and easy of Access to the Officer, pi; if the Officer shall by any Means or in any Manner whatever be prevented from ascertaining the Quantity and Gravity, or either of them, of the Wort or Wash contained in any Fermei^ing Wash Back, or the Quantity or Strength of any Low Wines, Feints, or Spirits in, ^iny Vessel, the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, shall forfeit the $una of Two hundred Pounds.

Commissioners XXX. The Commissioners, where they shall see fit, may order that there shall lie.Two S^<aterD°te or more such Dipping Holes as aforesaid in the Cover of any Spirit Receiver apd in the piag, Mac«toT Cover of any Store Cask or Vat used in a Distillery; and such Dipping Holes shall, be be roadeiaSpi- made in such Places in the Cover of the Receiver, Store Cask, and Vat respectively as, the iheVfrS Commissioners shall direct; and in One of such Dipping Holes in the Spirit Receive^here Ctowrs of store shall he placed a Dipping Rod, provided by the Officer, who shall secure the same in such Casfcs or Vats Manner a3 to him shall seem expedient to prevent the Removal thereof; and pacb of the of Distillers. other Dipping Holes in the Spirit Receiver, and also the Dipping Holes in the Store Qask or Vat, shall be secured in such Manner as the Supervisor shill think proper; and if a, Distiller shall refuse or neglect to cause such Dipping Holes or any additional Dipping Hole to be made, pursuant to the Order or Direction of the Commissioners, in any Spirit Receiver, or in any Spirit Store Cask or Vat used in his Distillery, or if he shall remove the Dipping Rod out of a Receiver, or remove the Fasten *

Access to the Spirits in any such Vessel as shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds

ng from any JJipping Hole, or otnpryme gam aforesaid by means of any Dipping Hole, he

Penalty if Dipping Place of any Still or Vessel be altered, or any Device used to deceive the Officer.

XXXI. If the Opening or Dipping Place Or the Level of any Still, Back; Recover, Store Cask, Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil in the Distillery or Premises of a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, shall be in any Manner altered, or if any Device or Contrivance whatever shall be used to deceive any Officer in taking the X)ip or Gauge of any Still, Back, Receiver, Store Cask, Vat, or other Vessel or Utensil^ or to prevent any Officer from taking a true Account of the Quantity of Wort, Wafeh, Low Wines, Feints, or Spirits which may be contained therein respectively, the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, Dealer or Retailer, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds / v

penalty on XXXII. If the Situation, Position, Size, or Capacity of any entered* Still, Back; 'Re-Ufier^or'SS" °ther Vessel, Utensil, or Pipe in the Distillery or Premises of a Distiller; Rectifier,

pounder if the °x Compounder shall be in any Manner altered after Entry made thereof, or after proper Position or Officer shall have ascertained the Capacity or Content thereof, unless on such Notice* as is

of y, i herein provided, the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall forfeit thb l&iinP 'Two

be altered68^ hundred Pounds; but it shall be lawful to alter the Size, Situation, or Pdsition >ef'any without Notice, ^entered Still, Back, Receiver, or other Vessel or Utensil or Pipe, or to erect and betnjvany new one, on giving Two Days Notice in Writing of such intended Alteration to thfepioper; Officer, specifying the particular Still, Back, Receiver, or other Vessel, ' Utensil, or Pipe the, Size, Situation, or Position whereof is intended to be altered, and on making of such new one, and conforming in all respects to the Regulations in this Act contained itr that Behalf., (' It

Commissioners

XXXIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to permit a DfsdfieraTad6 ^censed Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder working under the Regulations of any. Act in othel^to use force prior to the passing of this Act to keep or use such of the Vessels qr-Cocks, ahfeady

their present fixed ol* used in his Distillery or Premises as shall in the Judgment of the Cpoipni^pners

Utensils, ai* be secure and adapted to the Purposes for which the same are respectively preqcribjed or to required by this Act; and no Person to whom such Permission shall be granted .sliml be the Provisions liable to any Penalty under this Act in respect of his keeping or using any such Vessels or of this Act > Qocks sb permitted, although the same may not be conformable to the Provisions hereof.

Officer.mfiy to- XXXIV. Whenever any Officer shall require that the Water contained iti anjh Worm Water to be Tub a Distillery, at any Time when the Still shall not be at Work, shall be dt^wn off, drawn off from aT1(l the Tub and Worm cleansed, the Water shall forthwith be drawii off, anil the Till and the Worm Tub Worm cleansed by the Distiller or his Servants or Workmen accordingly; abd the, /Water *; / - shall

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114. > <425

\ shall be kept and continued orrt of such Worm Tub for the Space of Two Hours, ot until forPxami^a-! the Officer has finished his Examination thereof; and for any Refusal or Neglect tQ comply ^orm and with the Requisition of the Officer in this Behalf, or the Provision in this Clause contained, Tub. the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* and it shall be lawful for the Officer to dra\V off such Watet *, or any Portion of it, and to keep the 6ame drawn off for so tong a Tiihe as he shall think necessary.

XXXV. Every Distiller, Rectifier, and Compounder respectively shall cause to be legibly, but, branded, or painted with Oil Colour, o* the Outside of both of thej Heads or Ends of f qvery rolling or moveable Cask used ih his Distillery or Premises for keeping or delivering out Spirits, and shall at all Times keep so cut, branded, or painted thereon, his Name or Firm, and the Name of the Place where his Stock is kept, and also the full and true Number of Gallons, and when the Number is less than Eighty Gallons any Quarter or Quarters of a Gallon over and above any Number of entire Gallons which any such Cask shall be capable of containing; and if any Cask which shall be used for any Purpose aforesaid shall not have si cut, branded, or painted thereon the several Particulars aforesaid according for the Directions of this Act, such Cask, together with any Spirits contained therein, shall be forfeited.

The true Content to be tnarked on' moveable Casks, and also the Name er Firm of the Distiller, &c. and the Place %here his Stock is kept.

Making Entry of Premises and Utensils, and Regulations having reference to licensed dnd

entered Premises.

XXXVI. Every Distiller, Rectifier, and Compounder respectively shall Cfeiuse to be legibly Utensils and painted with Oil Colour, and shall keep so painted, upon some conspicuous Part of every Rooms to be Vessel and Utensil intended to be used by him in his Trade or Business, and on the Outside mar ' of the Door io£: every Room and Place wherpiq any Pai?t of hh* Trade or, Business, iq to be

carried on, or any Spirits are to be kept, the Nome of such Vessel, or ytensij, Room or Pjace, 1

according to the Purpose for which it is intended to be used* and shall also, paint thereon, in r like Manner, separate Numbers, relating to the same respectively, in arithmetical Progression, -

"* beginning with Number One for each Denomination or Description of Vessel or Utepsil,

Room or Place, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for pyery Neglect or Omission in this respect.

XXXVII. Before a Distiller shall give Notice of brewing or making and before be shall Entry to be .WheginftQl brew or make Wort pr Wash, and before a Rectifier or Compounder, shall receive, rectify, pi? compound Spirits, such Distiller, liectifior, and Compoun der respecth-ely shall jndUte nils of j mfike Entry by delivering or causing to be delivered to the proper Officer, to be by him Trade, .entered^and registered, an Account in Writing signed by the Distiller, Rectifier, or Com *

* >./ ipounder, netting forth lus Name and Place of Abode, and the jPlace where the Premises intended to be entered axe situated, and also setting forth a true and particular Description; of every, Vessel and Utensil intended to be therein used for the Purposes of such Tracfe or Bpainesa, and the Number of. Gallons which every Still, together with the Head thereof, is 7 capable of containing, /or the Number of Gallons of \Vash per Hour which every Distilling > - Apparatus is capab!etof distilling; and specifying fully and distinctly the Purpose for Which each Vessel and Utensil is intended to be used; and also an Account of the several Houses,

Rooms, and Places to be used for distilling, rectifying, or compounding Spirits therein, or . in which any Part of such Business is to be carried on, or any Spirits are to be kept or 1 deposited, and specifying also the particular Purpose :for which every micht JIou6e^ Room* ,

ahd Place is to be used; and in such written- Account every Utefrisil, and* every House, , lU

Room, and Place respectively, shall be distinguished by the separate and.distinct Number

and Name relating thereto respectively, which shall have been painted thereon pursuant to " the Provision herein contained in that Behalf; and eivery such Account shall, be foisuch i

Form and shall contain such Part iculars as shall be from I Time-to Time required, orf directed by the Commissioners; but no Still or other Vessel; or Uteasil> nor aoy'House, Room* or tfo Still or Place, shall be described in suOh Account as intended to. be* used for more than One Purpose i respectively; and every Wintry in which any Still or other Vessel, Hou§e, Room, or Place used for more /shall be described as intended to be used for Two or more Purposes shall, Os regards such than one*Pur-! Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, be cfeemed to be void, and n6 shall Forfeit! the Sum of *

Two hundred Pounds* i?

1: 3 H 2 XXXVIII.^And

Drawing or,

XXXVIII. And with every such Account as aforesaid there shall Ibe delivered ft Drinrinjg, ^ve^showln Models br Description distinctly showing the C^hrse, Construction, and? TTse* of ritl'fixed Se^ure"1^ Pipes to be used by the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, and of ever^ Branch thereof, every fixed and of every Cock thereon, together with every Place, Vessel, or Utensil fropi or tojpi[with winch any such Pipe shall lead or Coihmunicate1; and every Pipe to be used by the orby.ftVec2? Mectifier; 1 ot Contpburidrir, except for the Conveyance o^ Water apd spent Wa, sh o^y, ^hf^(fieror Com- be! so'fixed atod ptobed ris to be capable of beirtg examined by the Officer for the whol^ of it? pouader. - Length or1 Course, and shall be painted and kept painted as herein-after, mentioned > thatjf . u; , to «ay, every Pipe for the Conveyance of Wort or Wash shall be painted of a I^ed Colour

m^ery Pipe (br the Conveyance of Low Wines dr IVmts shall be painted Blue, every Pip$

m ft>r the Conveyance of Spirits shall be painted Black, and every Pipe for the Conveyance 1 / Water shell be painted White; and if any Pipe shall be used by a Distiller^ Rectifier* Of

Gompbunder not set forth ari dfore^tid, or for apy other, Purpose than shall be so set forth *

: or which, except as aforesaid, shall riot be fixed or placed, or painted and kept painted as

herein directed, or which shall be painted otherwise than as herein directed, he shall jforfcH the Suin'of Fifty Pounds. i

Penalty for XXXIX, If a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder* shall use a Still, Vessel, or Pipe, 01* DtensiL^Stc^or ^ensH whatever for any; Purpose connected With the distilling, rectifying, or oOiri-Piac^not duly1 ppunding of Spirits, or a fixed Cask for holding Spirits* <wr a House, Rocrin, or Place' foV entered or con- carrying on any Part of the Process of Distillation, Rectification, or compounding of SpiritsJ trarytothe or for the keeping of Spirits, which Still, Vessel, Pipe, Ufcenrii, Cask, House, Room, or Place shall not be set forth in the Account required to be signed and delivered by him, as

f ^fpi^aaid, or which shall not be numbered Us eetfdrth iri such Acfcount, or which shulr be in wyother Plaicje^prbe used or applied for or to any other Purpose than shall be set forth in sqpfi Account/or shall not ah all inspects correspond with the Representation thereof as ^et i ., forth therein, he shall forfeit the!Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every, srich Stilly

Ye^spl, Pipe, or other UtenBil or Cask, and all Spirits or Materials for distilling or mafe^g i: i! Splits which shall be Contained theroin, or which shall be found in any such House, Room, '

or Place* sb^l be forfeited] (, i; ' M

No Entry of "XLf No Entry of any Distillery, Place, or Utensil for the Purpose of distilling Spirits or^nsiilTto b° withdrawn whHst fiuy Still* pr any Wash, Low Wines, or other Materials preparing

be <witfidr^wn or fit for Instillation arc remaining in a^y of the Plaoes; or in any of the Utensils mentioned' whi^t iViLsii or in such Entry; and the Officers shall continue to survey |the Distillery, Places, and .Utensil^ for^ly^nati^8 merltj°^ ijj the En(iy (unril all ^Stills shall be removed and the Wash, Lo\V Wine ^, andl remain therein. otheV Materials shall he worked, offi and the Duties charged on the Produce thereof paid, or) uritil the Spirits riiade therqfrpm flioll he Jogaily romoved from the rcCteiiedPlaces d:»l>

Rectifying XLI. No Person shall make Entry of of uee any House w Premises for rectifying or Rouse not to compounding Spirits, or for receiving or keeping Spirits by any Rectifier or Compounder, Qumiwrofa ^within(thei Distrinc^ of ?Onc Quarter of a Mile iri n direct Line from any Horise Or Mifetf 4Dfcr* Premkeewbichf shall bri entered or risted for preparing Wort or Wash, or for making Q? ' ir^D<>ri distilling Spirits, ori for receiving or keeping Spirits by a Distiller; rior Shall any Person wi^n^QiUirJ makeieiitry of or use ainy Horiise Or Premises for preparing Wort or Wash, or for making or: ter-of aMiU bf dktUliHgl Spiritfa, orftfr: iwriving keeping Spirits by a Disffller wHhra the iMstancchf ^; Qbel iQukrter Pfi*iMiliiina dirfeeft Line^from any HoriSe or Premises which shall jbei &fcer^1' am>ther°lMs- onitused for ree6fying« or compoiuiding ^pirits, or' for receiving' br keeping Spirits by A. tiiiery. Rectifier* or Compounder^ on pain of forfeiting1 in evet'y }srich Case the feiim Of FiVehriridrea

PoUwk"^C)r, e^ct7i 'Week'^thht anyisu^h Horise !or Preiriises shall be entered dr used rebhfecr j tively^cobtmry bo any wch Prohibition as aforesaid^ and the Eni^y 6f any such House ol^l, , i Place I adonadCueei of contrary to the Intcntand Menhing herriof shidl, as regards the JPerfott!

i n^kingothe aariae; i<be null ^and vbid; ^but the Prohibition arid1 Penalty^aforesaid shall extend jo any Hoose or l<Veniiseri entered' and tried in the Mariner herein1 prohibited^dh the^ Fifth^Day of' ApjrikQn* thousand eiglW hundred and twenty-five, ^p^yided such House Premises iuive riwm.isirncoiTOntintted, rifrid sb long only as the srin*e shtfll coptinuey to" entered amlnuried/^md there shall he no Wriy, Opening, br Comfonriicatibhyvhhtsocver by" wfeic&.WdrAi Wafehi ornSpirits be removed or dohVcyed othse than thrdrigh Ah1

oiii open

1

m &, 24f WOTOJU^L <v, 114

open jpn|blj^ Street; , or |Cj*fryig^oa^ fropi or to pwch House or, PreraSaes entered lotjtistd'by A Distiller to or fcom any such House or JP

427

Premises entered or used by any- other' I) Is till ea',

l^r a Rectifies or Compouodep.

!, XUUV Ifo'Person sjiail, upon tie sfiine Premises ^, carry on thp Trade: p^Rusin^1 ofa Duller or Or of a, Rectifier or Compounder keeping or using a Still, and of a Brpvyer of Beer[or of a Maker of Swefets3 Vinegar, Cyder, or Perry, or of a Refiner of Sugary or of a Dealer notiEi* ifi o)t Retailer of1 Wine, nor shall any Person enter or use for thecarrying on of either of Brewer or* (the ?iud Trades1 or Businesses of a Distiller or Rectifier or Compounder keeping or using a swe^°Vine-Stillahy ttotisc or Premises having any Communication, Opening, or, Way internally or g^fcyder%r thtofigh any Oilclosed or private Yard, (garden, Field, Passage, private Road, or Place, or Berry, or a Re-6th£Vwi&e than through an open public Street or Carringeroad, with any other House; or of So^' PVeififees used or employOd by any Brewer of Beer, or Maker of Sweets, Vinegar, Cydery hisBu^ess ett Perry, or Refiner of Sugar, or' by any Dealer in or Retailer of Spirits, or by any Dealer, on Premises Id Or Retailer of Wine, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; but where!

any House or Premises shall have been so entered and made use of as aforesaid by any munication Person on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twentydive, apd, shall with the Pre-have continued to be so entered and med up to the Time of the Commencement of this Act* under the special Licence of the Commissioners of the Treasury in that Behalf, it'shall / i

beL lawftd for the Person to whom' such Licence was granted to continue the use of such!

Premises upon the Terms and Conditions on whidh such Litence was granted until the Expiration or ReVooation thereof. 7 l< i

LXLIIt Every licensed Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall cause to be paintedirt: Distillers, Rec-()d Colour, in Enters publicly visible and legible* at least Three Inches1 m Height, aUdof a, proper and proportionate .Breadth, i and r in White on a Black Ground, the Name or^itm to i^BoaU

of auefi ^Distiller, Rectifier, , o* Compounder i at full Length, folldwdd by the WoWls on the Front of

a Licenced Xjiatillqr," or " Licenced Rectifier/? or <c Licensed Compout^er^ as fho1 cW ^eir^emt^ ityiybp; mjd, the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall: cause anch Painting1 to be dohi^ they are H-affixed in some conspicuous Place on the Outside of the Profit of hib Distillery of censed.

or

i */

entered Premises, over the Gate or Entrance Door thereto, not npre than Threp Feet from the Top of such Gate or Enhance DcSor, And shafi presdrvd and keen up such Painting during theiCioptmuarice^of^hisI^cenoe, tad for in^ Neglect or Default herein he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pofifidsj find If any Period on! or before whose Hfiuse or other JPlpc^ any PenRity pn Rnr ' Phmting, Boards or1 Sign shut! be affixed or placed importing that such Person/is a Distiller, 'ildns 11

Rectifier* fif Ooripofincter, or lexcnfises or carries on the TYud^ of a Distiller, Rectifier, or(.guch teoanl/ "ut Gompwmdery ot purporting that such Person id licerised so fo do, shall not at the, Puppe i

duly licensed foT stick Purpose* he shall forfeit the1 Sum of Fifty Pounds.

j<> _n; iUu AdinifiBitili ctf1 Offid&S iiko entered T^mi^s, and Power to search.J / .u

fpp'.aqy Officer* at all Times*'as weM by Night dd by Day^ tO'Offi(*!*.ea* . e^ter t|nto ev^ry i^ouif, Distillery, Still House* Outhouse, - awl Place whatsoeverof* aH

betongipg.^o or made qsc of* by any Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, and fogafige, ' premiref\ measure ^, talce an Account of every StiU or other Ve&sel or Utfensil of any Kind^kent 'or of ^iifiee» *? uf»ed therpm^d, fo gauge tad take an Account of the Quantity ami Strength cfifill^SpiritS1^ CcMipotm* -r aya Compojupds^ therein, and of fill. Law Wiues and Feints rwhiiChrshall(bb^made xti '&C. 8 v

and of the Quantity and, Gravity Qf all Wort and-Wash which-shallbc inadeuse of ^; i r >:,

9^ al^(Pvijb And- pt, hey.Compositions' for. :excitifig| or prbdumng'Firmenihtiotti f

in. apy^ort, or jV'asfi, and of all Spirit^iand ..MatKirialsr>mnkin^-«o//dkt>Umg I

which ?h^l; bc ip any DisfillerF: or Premises* or; dm the .Possession t ofi axivttDistiller

R^ctjfief, of Compoundeir; apd if any Officer, or any Person? actings^in bw* Aid, f shall bfeM Penalty for hipderpdx/^ucted prevented by any Driller, Rectifier* or Comp6under) or -by:

Se^Yta^orknian, or other Person .acting foi' him . or, in. Uia Eiinploy* frond! entering* ittto ^0 cers* atjy plstijl|ery, .pr^.any Rtquse, {QotfiQUfBej* .qr other, Place whataoeveir er bdloriging/ *to» 6rl mad^'ysq of by^uch DistUlep, Rectifier, or Compounded on* iftany auchiOflScer or -Penson^ sl)a|l by the jpistiller, Rqct>ficr, or Compounder* or hia Servarit 6r Woi4cmhm of any Pep^p.jii fiis Employ^ prevented or hindered from* or opposed^ obstructedv oi* mole/sted iA^ r'"11 J' the

23" 24° VICTORI.E, c. 114.

the, Performance of his Duty under this Act in any respect, the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of Ttyo hundred Pounds. 1 '

Penalty for not giving Admission to the Officer after declaring his Name and Business.

Officer tniay break often Dm* tillery or entered Premises if reftised Admittance.

XLV. IF any Officer, after having demanded Admittance into the Distillery or entered, Premises of a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, and having declared hh Name and Business at the Gate or Entrance Door, or at any Window of the Distillery or Premises^ shall not be immediately admitted into such Distillery or Premises, it shall be* lawful for/ such Officer, and any Person acting in his Aid, at all Times, as well by Night as by Day (but if by Night then in the Presence of a Constable or other Peace Officer), to break open, by Force any of the Doors or Windows, or to break through any of the Waills of such, Distillery or Premises necessary to be broken open or through to enable him and them to k enter the said Distillery or Premises; and moreover the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Distillers, Kec-

XLVI. If, on Dpmand of any Officer, made in the Distillery or entered Premises of a i tifiers, and Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, strong, safe, and convenient Ladders of sufficient. tofonShOffi- Length to enable the Officer to ascend to and examine and gauge and descend from, any. cers with Lad- Vessel or Utensil in such Distillery or Premises, shall not be provided and conveniently and der and Lights, firmly placed, or if any such Ladder shall not bo fixed at or in the Part of such Vessel or Utenay where §uch Officer shall require, or if on a Visit made by any Officer, by Day or by Night, sufficient Lights and Aid shall not, on his Demand, be supplied for the Purpose of enabling him to gauge or ascertain the Content or Capacity of any Vessel or Utensil, on \ to search for and gauge and take an Account of any Wort, Wash, Bub, Low Wines, Feints, i and Spirits, or of any Materials which may be used for Distillation in such Distillery or ) Premises, or in the Possession of the Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder* the Distilletvu Rectifier, pr Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Ofi^tertmhy &£/VII. It shall be lawful for any Officer and any Person acting in his Aid, by NigMU break up # or by Day, to break up the Ground in any Part of the Distillery or entered Premises of i Ground-in Dw- Driller, Rectifier, or Compounder, or any Ground adjoining or near to such Distillery4 or! fying Pre- Premises, or auy Wall pr Partition thereof or belonging thereto, or other Place, to search mia$? to search for any Pipe or Cock, or private Conveyance or Utensil, and upon finding any such Pi|ie.

or Conveyance leading therefrom or thereto to break up any Ground, House, Wall, or other ipe* Place through or into which such Pipe or other Conveyance shall lead, and to break up or

cut away such Pipe, Cock, or other Conveyance, and to turn any Cock, and to examine*' whether such Pipe or other Conveyance may convey or conceal any Wort, W, ash, or other Liquor which maybe used for Distillation, or Low Wines, Feints, or Spirits, from the; Sight or View of the Officer, so as to prevent or hinder him from taking a true Account thereof.

Upon Oath

XLVIII. If any Officer of Excise or Customs shall know or have 'Chuse to suspect"tllaxj made of a private or concealed Still, Back, or other Vessel or Utensil for making Worts or Wash, pecTa^ pri-lS- or for making or distilling Low Wines or Spirits, or any privately made Spirits or Low vate concealed Wines, or any Wash or other Materials preparing for Distillation, are kept or deposited in Still or private any House or Place, then, if such House or Place shall be within the Limits of tho Chief sp^oiTwar-11 Office Oath made by such Officer before Two of the Commissioners, or before any, ram to break . Metropolitan Police Magistrate sitting at a Metropolitan Police Court, or if tbs same shall, opeb the sm- be at atty Placo out of the said Limits, then upon Oath made by such OfficeT before w andtoSi^ Justice of the Peace of the County or Place, setting forth the Ground of Suspicion, it sh^JL such StUi *, be lawful for the said Commissioners or Magistrate or Justice before whom such Oath sba^t Spirit!, &c. be triads, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Warrant under their Hands respec^ may e gran lively, to authorize and empower such Officer, and any Person whom he may call to Jbis^ Assistance* by Day cx by Night (but if in the Night-time then in the Presence of a Constable or other lawfql Officer of the Peace, who is hereby required to be aiding therein)* to break open the Door or any Part of such House or Place where he shall so know or suspect such private or concealed Still, Back, or other Vessel, Utensil, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, or Materials for Distillation are so kept pr deposited, and to enter into such Hou9eTor Plao^ and to seize all Stills, Backs, or other Vessels and Utensils, and all Spirits, Low Winety

Wadi,

23°i & 24°; V{ICKO fylM, c. 114 ,

Wash, afld -other Materials preparing for Distillation, which he shall find and discover, apd either to detain and keep the same in the House or Place where found, or to remove the same to the Office of Excise or other Place of safe Custody near to the Place where the sarim shall be bo discovered and found; and in case the same shall not withip Ten P^ys next after the Seizure be claimed by the true and lawful Owper thereof, thep tliev shall be (absolutely forfeited; and the Proprietor of any private or concealed Still, pack, or other j Vtefestel or Utensil, or the Person in whose Custody the same shall be found, whether the same'tecfl aimed or not, shall forfeit for every Placo in which the same shall be found., and also for every euch Still, Back, Vessel, and Utensil found therein, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and if any Person shall obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder, any Officer of Penalty for Excise or Customs, or other Person acting in his Aid, in the seizing of any such private or concealed Still, Back, Or other Vessel or Utensil, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, or other /

Materials for Distillation, or in detaining or keeping or removing the same or any of them after Seizure, the Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds:

Provided always, that any Officer of Excise or Customs may lawfully .seize any / su^h private* or concealed Still, Back, or other Vessel or Utensil, Spirits, Low Wines, Washy or Other Materials for Distillation, without such Warrant as aforesaid *

Materials for the Distillation of Spirits.

XLIX. No Distiller shall distil or mafce Spirits otherwise than brewed or made in his Distillery; and it shall nqt be lawful for a L^x^* fvC m o -y^h made in PpsBeBsion any Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints, or fermented Liquor whichjjhail pot have Lis Distillery, been brewed or made, in his Distillery under the Provisions of this Act, of pain offyrfeijting thesamc, fantL also the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds.

l>om Wort or Wpsll Distiller to use only Wort or

L. In the brewing or making of Wort or Wash for the Distillation of Spirits, a licensed what Mate-Distiller may use any Material whatever, provided th, e Wort or Wash produced therefrom rials may be be capable of having the Gravity thereof ascertained by any Saccharometer approved\of by the Commissioners for that Purpose. ' V, »

provided always, That if, during the Recess of Parliament, it shall, from the exceedDuringtbe siye Price fpf Corn, appear to Her Majesty to be expedient, it shall be lawful, by Her 1

Majesty's tioyal Proclamation, to be issued by and with the Advice of Her Privy Council, i

or(^3jy ller Order in Council to be published in the London Gazette, to prohibit the distilling byPralama-or mpkjpg of Spirits, from Barley, Malt, or any Sort of Grain, and from Meal or Flour, tion, prohibit during, puch Recess, and until Twepty Days after the Commencement of the then nextt Session of Parliament .: Corm

LII. Malt to he used by any Distiller in the Distillation of Spirits may be ground by Distillers may Mill Stones or by such other Means as he may think fit in the secured Mill Room at his «rind Malt

-rH*' i*n' *; 1 ., , tu; ii

DjstilJery. / i

I /.

with ipiU Stones.

Jp the using of Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle in the Distillatiotl off Spirits.

LtH. Every Distiller who shall have given Security as herein-after mentioned shall be Distiller, on eriWtled to remove, on such Terms and Conditions and in such Manner as the Commissioner gunngSeeu- i 6t' Inland' Revenue shall think fit, Sugar and Molasses, without; previously paying the Duty^e^: Duties Of Cristoihs or Excise thereon, i from any Customs or Excise Warehouse in which Su^andM: tfebfcaihe may be deposited to the proper Store-room at his Distillery provided for Sugar '' f

rihd4Mbfcisfeete, for the sole Purpose of being consumed in the distilling of Spirits} and all tobenLiiil^ such 'Sugar' and Molasses which shall be bo consumed shall be free from, the Duties of distiiiiitg 8pi- ' Ctfstbms or Excise. 1 ' . -, t !., , /M"

j; In, .:.

[. /, I | f

RvejyDi^tillef.intending to use Sugar or, Molasses Pu^y-free In the distilling (rf Distillerto Spirits, shall enter into a Bond to Her Majesty, with sufficient Sureties, tojthe Satisfaction^ give Bond, of, tee Commissioners, of Inland Revenue or the Commissioners of Customs, and intench1 ^didoned^o Sum && the s^id respective Commissioners shall think proper, conditioned that all Sog^ secure the due aadi Molasses which shall .be from Time to Time, delivered to him from ally Warehouse Consumption

without of Dttty-free

Sugar and Mo- without Payment of the Duties of Customs or Excise thereon shall* be forthwith dbl^ r Usses in the conveyed to and deposited in the proper Store-room for Sugar and Molasses provided at his11 Spirits^ ° Distillery, and shall from Time to Time within the Space of One Calendar Month next'r after the Delivery thereof from any such Warehouse be used and consumed by Mm solely*" in the distilling of Spirits in his Distillery; and the Condition of stich Rond shall contain all such further Terms and Stipulations as the said Commissioners respect itrJyShalF/ deem to be necessary or proper for preventing Frauds in relation to the Use or Disposal of. f Sugar or Molasses delivered Duty-free for the Purpose aforesaid; and the Distiller' shMI give a fresh Bond, with Sureties, as aforesaid, when and as often as he shall be required &d to do by the said Commissioners respectively, and in default thereof he shall not be ^ntitlefl to have Sugar or Molasses Duty-free., | . t.

No Sugar or Molasses to be received by Distillers except from the Customs or Excise Warehouse, and in the same State aswhen cleared, and accompanied with a Certificate from the Officer.

No Treacle to be received by Distillers, except from the Refiner or Manufacturer, and in the same State and Packages as when first packed, nor unless accompanied with a Certificate from the Refiner or Manufacturer.

Distiller using Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle to provide a Storehouse at his Distillery in which the same shall be deposited and secured.

No Sugar, &c. to be removed out o fsuch Storehouse, except in the Presence of the Officer.

LV. No Distiller shall receive into his Possession any Sugar or Mcflasses, to be used for the Distillation of Spirits, except from the Warehouse in which the aabie Was warehoused; under the Laws and Regulations of the Customs or Excise, and in the &une State, and m1 - the same Hogsheads, Puncheons, Casks, Bags, or'Packages, with the same Marks afld; 1 Numbers thereon in which it was cleared and delivered from the Warehouse; and all tench Sugar or Molasses shall be accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer off Customs or Excise, setting forth the Name of the Warehouse or Place from which Sugar or Molasses is removed, and the Name of the Distillery and Distiller where and tof whom the same is to be carried, and the Kind or Quality of such 'Sugar Or Molasses* arid' the Number of Hogsheads, Puncheons, Casks, Bags, and Packages in which the sarite is - contained, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof respectively* btnd the Tare{and}' Net Weight of each; and every Distiller who shall receive into 1 Ms Possession Wit '1 Sugar or Molasses except as aforesaid, or without the Came being acfcompariied wttK riuwi, r Certificate as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* afrd ttli ehchjj: Sugar or Molasses shall also be forfeited., i ' .

LVI. No Distiller shall receive into his Possession any Treacle* for. tbpfP^Ul^opjo^j, Spirits, except from the Warehouse of the Sugqr Refiner or Mapidactprer of suphTrepplqij from Sugar or Molasses, and in the^ame State, and in the same Hogshea4s> Rvnchpqqa, yor^ Casks (none of them being of less Content than Fifty Gallon^), with jthp sanfo i

Numbers thereon, in which the same was first prepared and packed iiv^arebou^caqc^/alj^ such Treacle shall be accompanied with a Certificate from the Sugflf Refiner jOr Mai^fycr^ turer by whom the same was made or prepared, setting forth the Name of the Warehqu^p.p^ | Place where such Treacle was ma le, and from which the same was removed, and the Name of the Distillery and Distiller whither and to whom the same is fo b6 carried/\lle Number of Hogsheads, Puncheons, and Casks in which the; same is ebnhuried; ^o>^cth(?rir with the Marks and Numbers thereon respectively; ifnd the TVire and Ne^ Wmgm* of 1 each; and every Distiller who shall1 receive info his Possession any Treacle otherwise thafi; as aforesaid, or without the same being accompanied with such Certificate^as^f^Said^oltftll forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and dH such Treacle! shallalsri be forfeited., f

i n i it 1 i i.

LVII. Every Distiller intending to use Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle ift the-DietiUation/ttfj Spirits shall provide and keep a separate and convenient and secure Storehouse or Room for j each (if so required by the Commissioners), at his Distillery* which Storehouse of RoomrsUafi, -j; be sufficiently lighted, and shall be subject to the Approval /of, 'the Commiaw Oneife, for tUei; Purpose of depositing and securing therein the Sugar, Molasses, or /Treacle received by Wmrn for the Distillation of Spirits; and every such Storehouse or Room, whenr so [approved of*io shall be specially entered by the DistiUpr, for the Purpose aforesaid*:and; the Collector- or Supervisor shall provide and affix proper Locks thereto, , anU the DistillerMirioy* if» ho / please, at his own Expense, provide and affix other Lpcks thereto, :the; mentioned Locks he may keep; and in *uch separate Sforeho<iaei>r Room tbC; Di^tillct^halL^ keep all Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle received by him, and which, shall Wdeposifodlthereipfi in the Presence of the proper Officer, and on, such Notice qs after mentionedt and WlSxgiilj*)f> Molasses, or Treacle shall be delivered or removed out, of such Storehouse or, Roofo(iox^#i)i(h in the Presence of the Officer, and on such Notice as after mentioned* ftndiforftlfo/Purpweyl of being conveyed immediately to the Mash Tun or to such other Vessel^v^t^Vthe

23°'& 24°:V; WO»Ifl2, ! fc.-ll4£

484!

Approbation of the Commissioners, shaUf be entered for that Purpose, to the ithefte inMnfet > diatqly dissolved and used in the Manufacture ofaSpirits; and if any Distiller ishall refuse or j neglect to provide and Jceep suph Storehoysp or: Jioqmi of tq makeJEa^try. theiteof afh*e- I, >

saijl, or shall deposit therein, or remove Umr^from/^y Sqga^.Mqlasse^iior. Txefcdfc, except in, Tth(e Presence of and upon d^ Notice to the prqpqr; Officer aqd except for sudiRurphse asjaforesaid, or shaAnot deposit m a separate and secure, Storehouse qr Jioonti as afo^said aM Sugar, Mousses, or Treacle received; by hixq> he shad forfeit the MSum/iof Two hundred Pounds; and all Sugar, Mqlapses, ai>4 Treacle deposited or, removed contrary hiateto shall' alsofqrfqited .; ' r, , \ h -; j -.si j

* LVlfL Every ^Distiller shall, before receiving any &ugar, M classes, ^pr, Treacle tq tm P^tiilerto used for the Distillation of Spirits, give Twelve Hours previous Notice in Writing tq the Doties2tpth Officer surveying his Distillery of the .Time wheril the same is to arrive j and the THstftler officer of re-shftllj on the Attendance of ithe Officer on such Notice* produce to Win nil thb Sugar, Reiving Sugar, Mjqjaesqe, or* Treacle respectively received by him, in the same Staid, and in the same H^shead* , : Puncheons* Casks, Bags, Or iPackages, Avitli the bame f Murks and Numbers to him in the thqrqpn, a3 when cleaned and delivered freni thd Customs or Excise Warehouse if Sugar or same State as Molasses* or as when prepared and packed in the Warehouse of the Sugar Refiner or dep^itwlkithe Manufacturer thereof if the same be Treacle; and the Distiller shall at the same Time deliver fetoreltouse. up>jtq tbo Officer the Certificate which accompanied such Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle, and" on, being required by thqOfBeer^thetDistiller shall; weigh or cUuse to be weighed* and Shall giye the Officer all, necessary Ae^i^ance in takiElg aCcauDt bf all subh Sugar, Molasses, and Tfesqle, in such ManUer as the CommissionbrBriiay direct and the Officer after due Examination, and cm being satisfied therewith* shall perinit the* Distiller to deposit the same inltihe Storehouse or Room i>rhvided ast beforU mentioned; and if a Distiller shall receive" any Sugar, Molasses, on Trertciei tvithott having given such* Notice, or shall fail to produce } such Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle, or to deliver up such Certificate as aforesaid, or if, before such Officer ha9 seen such Sugar, Molasses, ox Treacle weighed and taken aeepunt of and,

d^ofltbd, the t)i^tillbr shiillrtfake hhy Alteration in the Quantity or Quality thereof, or the Hojgshbjids, PundHeond, Cakks, Bags, br Packages containing the same, or in the Clarks,

the^v arenotise or the ^ugnr itenner or Manufacturer thereof, such uistiiior, shall tortejt trie

SaVh df Two'hundred Pounds, krid' dll Such Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle. shafil abo be,

fofffeited.'" M' / " r ': / l: f"' ' ", T 7 \ 7. ' *i '* i

; r I: / ' I, , I . /, *, i - i - / j nil 1 i l r':*: ' 1 1 ' >: J 1 11 '' ' " \ ' 1

XifXfWhqn o Distiller shall be:'desirous of taking Sugar* Molasses* or Treacle* out of Four Hours thg>(Store^iquseior(Uoom, for ther Purpose, of iising! the eame for the Distillation 6f SmWts, /^otic^ta be hq, shah give Pour Hours, pireviou^ Notice/in \yriting to the pi^ope/ Officer bfiflie Time whert heick^ircs, tq takf out the same, ! and specify the; Quantity thereof; lat|d thel Offlctr^:&c. fttrm the ' reflqitdng: such: Notice shall Uttfend Ut thoTiiqei therein^mentioned, and i rfmllnhlock tfee ^torehouse to Storehouse or ltopmi from [which! the, Sugar* Molasse^jor T^adelis tb be fetoovech and shall e un* see weighed out therefrom the Quantity expressed in such Notice, aqd the same, sl^ll, l^e dbHvtsred from I the Storehouse or Room in the origirial Packdge only, anil shall1 then be

Room qt* fMa^h TuA or such Vessel as aforesaid, ^h^l hbb ta forfditoA *

5)di_jJ:>- *> / *] i Mu mi *, i>ii i 3Mil) «-j »M /

noi7

/ J M »*i '»]*'! d h>

L^. The

* ' t

Officer to keep an Account of the Stock of Sugar, &c. in the Storehouse.

Distillers prohibited from selling Malt, Sugar, Molasses, &c.

Commissioners may revoke the Licence of a Distiller on a Second Conviction of certain specified Offences,

Persons found unlawfully removing Malt, Sugar, &c. from a Distillery, may be arrested, and taken before a Justice, and summarily dealt vrith.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

LX. The proper Officer 9hdll, in such Manner as the Commissioners may direct, keep an Account by way of Debtor and Creditor of the Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle respectively in Stock in each separate Storehouse or Room provided by the Distiller; and shall in such Account debit the Stock with the Quantity of Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle respectively from Time to Tinie deposited in the Storehouse or Room, and shall credit the Stock yrjth the Quantity from Time to Time weighed and delivered out in his Presence; and if at any Time, upon striking a Balance on such Account^ the Quantity in the Storehouse or Room be found to exceed the Quantity which by the said Stock Account ought to be therein, the Distiller shall be deemed to have deposited Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle therein without Notice to and not in the Presence of the proper Officer, and all such Excess of Sughr, Molasses, or Treacle shall be forfeited; and if the Quantity in such Storehouse or Ropm be found to be less than the Quantity which by the said Stock Account ought to be therein, the Distiller shall be deemed to have removed Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle therefrom without Notice to and not in the Presence of the proper Officer, and he shall over and above all other Penalties forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; but such last-mentioned Penalty shall/not be incurred if the Deficiency be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners to have arisen from unavoidable Accident or Loss.

As to the fraudulent Disposal of Malt, Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle from a Distillery.

LXI. It shall not be lawful for a Distiller to sell any Malt, Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle* or to Bend out or1 deliver any such Article from any Malthouse, Distillery, or other Premises belonging to him; and every Person who shall knowingly buy any Malt, Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle from a Distiller, or who shall take or receive any such Article from a Distillery, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if a Distiller shall sell any Malt, Sugar, Molasses, Or Treacle, or takO or send out or remove any Malt from his Malthouse (except Malt duly removed therefrom tohiB Distillery or for Exportation under a Permit granted in that Behalf), or take or send out or remove any Malt, Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle from his: Distillery, or if a Distiller shall not use nil Corn or Grain received at his Malthouse by making the saihe into Malt, and consume all such Malt in his Distillery, or shall convey away or conceal any Malt or Corn or Grain, or any Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle, he shall forfeit the Sam of Two hundred Pounds; and all Malt, Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle which shall be found in any Distillery or the Premises belonging thereto, otherwise than in the proper Store-room or Milbroom or in the Mash Tun, or, being duly removed to or from any such Places in the Manner directed or allowed by this Act, shall be deemed to be conveyed away and concealed by the Distiller, and shall subject him to the said Penalty in that Behalf; and all Malt, Corn, and Grain, and all Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle, which shall be respectively sold, sent out, delivered, or received, or conveyed away, hidden, or concealed contrary to any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be forfeited.

, (. i

LXII. And if a Distiller shall be convicted of any of the several Offences specified in the hist preceding Clause, and shall afterwards be again convicted either of the like Offence or of any other of the said several Offences specified as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for1 the' Commissioners to revoke and annul the Licence granted to such Distiller, and to refuse to grant to him any further Licence as a Distiller at any Time thereafter, and also to refuse to grant during the Space of One Year any such Licence to any other Person1 to exercise the like Trade or Business at the same Premises where the Act or Offence /which shall be the Ground of such Second Conviction or Judgment as aforesaid was done or) /committed. 4 1: ?

JjXIII. And if any Person shall be found taking ox removing Malt, Sugar, Molasses, or Treacle* or Wert or Wash, from any Distillery or the Premises thereto belonging, it shall be lawful far any Officer to arrest and detain such Person, and to convey him before a Justice of tho Peaoc residing near the Place where the Arrest shall be made, who shall hear and determine, as soon after as practicable, the Charge against the Person so arrested, and on his Confession, or On due Proof upon Oath of such Offence, convict the Offender in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; and the Person so convicted shall forthwith pajr the said PemUty into the Haada of the said Officer, far the Order and Direction of the Commissfaaore, '

i

433

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

missioned, and in default thereof the Justice shall commit the Offender to any Gaol or Prison of the County or Place, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Period not exceeding Six Calendar1 Months nor less than Two Calendar Months, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid.

As to the brewing and fermenting of Wort, and the distilling of Wash, Low Wines,

and feints.

LXIV. No Malt, Corn, Grain, or other Material shall be mashed, nor any Wort brewed Distiller not to or made, nor any Still used, by a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder, at any Time between brew ^ort or the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Saturday and the Hour of One of sJuidays. °U the Clock in the Forenoon of the next succeeding Monday, on pain of his forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXV. In every Distillery the Periods of brewing or making Wort or Wash and distilling Distiller to Spirits shall be always alternate and distinct Periods, and be called respectively the Brewing Period and the Distilling Period; and the Brewing Period shall be deemed to extend from periods only, the Commencement of any Process of wetting, brewing, or mashing any Malt, Corn, or Grain, or other Materials, until after every such Process shall have ceased, and all the Wort or WashNin the Distillery shall have been collected into the Fermenting Backs and Wash Charger, and the Declaration of such Collection delivered to the Officer, as hereinafter mentioned; and the Distilling Period shall be deemed to extend from the Commencement of the Distillation of any Wort or Wash until after all the Wort or Wash and all the Low Wines or Feints in the Distillery or in the Possession of the Distiller shall have been distilled into Spirits, and conveyed into the Spirits Receiver (except such Feints as shall have been produced by the last Re-distillation of the last Charge of the Still), and until the several Furnace Doors or the Steam Pipe of every Still in. the Distillery shall have been locked, and secured by the proper Officer; and (save and except as herein-after provided, and on the Condition herein-after expressed,) no Wort or Wash, or Low Wines or Feints, shall be distilled, nor any Still be made use of, in a Distillery, until the Expiration of Four Hours after the Termination of the Brewing Period; and (save and except and on Condition as aforesaid) no Malt, Corn, Grain, or other Material shall be wetted, brewed, of mashed, nor any Wort or Wash be made or produced, in a Distillery, during the Distilling Feriod: Provided always, that immediately, after the last Portion of all the Wash in the ^possession of the Distiller has been removed into the Wash Charger, he shall be allowed to begin to brew Wort, but on this express Condition only, that all such Wash shall be forthwith distilled and every Still shall be worked off and secured as aforesaid within the respective Times herein limited in that Behalf^ that is to say, every Low Wines Still within Thirty-two Hours and every other Still within Sixteen Hours after the said last Portion of Wash was removed into the Wash Charger as aforesaid; and if, in any Distillery, Wort or Wash* or Low Wines or Feints, shall be distilled, or any Still be made use of, or Malt,

Corn, or Grain, or other Material, shall be wetted, brewed* or mashed, or Wort or Wash shall be made or produced, during any Period hereby prohibited in that Behalf respectively, or contrary to any Condition or Provision herein contained, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds. '

LXVI. Every Distiller shall, before beginning to brew or make Wort, and every Distiller to Distiller who shall have discontinued making Wort for a longer Period than One Calendar give Six Days Month shall, before recommencing to brew or make Wort, give Six Days Notice in Writing Sn^n/tobrew to the proper Supervisor or Officer, setting forth the Day on which the Distiller intends to andofrccom- begin or to recommence (as the Case mdy be) brewing or making Wort, and if siny Distiller mencbgbrew-shall begin or, after Discontinuance, shall recommence the brewing or making of+ Wort, or ing' iflnjtfy Wort or Wash shall be foiind in the Distillery or Possession of a Distiller who shall not have given such Notice in manner and in the respective Cases aforesaid, or at any Time before the Day set forth in such Notice, or if there shall be found anywhere in his Possession Wort'or Wash which he may not lawfully have in his Possession, in every Mich Case* all such Wort or Wash shall be forfeited, and the Distiller shall Forfeit the Sunv of Two hundred Pounds.

3 I 2 LXVII, Every

434 231 & 24° 'VfCf 6.114.

Distiller to give LXVIL Every Distiller shall from Time id Time, at least Four Hotars before he'Shall Four Hours mash or brew for making AVort^ deliver to, the proper Office* a Notice in Waiting setting Brewing of C forth the Day and Dour when such Mashitig ot Brewing is to be 66rhmencted j ittfcuBif dtiy Wort. Mashing or Brewing of any Materials shall be commended or madd in a Distillery wilWut

such Notice having been given, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Bounds.

" ' '' t '' i f ' , !/!*: >< I.

Yeast to be LXVIII. No Distiller shall add Yeast or other Mattel capable of causing Fermentation

added only m to any AVort or Wash in any Vessel, except the Fermenting Wash Backs, on pain of Bank.611 °g forfeiting the Sum of Two hundred Pounds for so doing. \ t'/^ '

Declaration to LXIX. All Wort shall be conveyed Into and Collected in the Fermenting Bank within Quamit0 °and6 Pacc of Eight Hours after the running or conveying of br&cIv Wort into such Back shall

Gravity5©?the have commenced; and the Distiller shall without Delay deliver to the proper Officer a Dfefclaara-Wort when col- tion in Writing specifying the Number of the Back in which the Wort id cotfthined* Sarid the lected in the Gravity, or if Yeast has been added the oi'igiual Gravity, of such AVort, apd also -seating ^umen ing for^h the Quantity thereof by stating the Number of dry Inches, that is to say^ tue Number of Inches between the proper Dipping Place of the Back and the Surface of the AVqrt therein 5 and for any Neglect or Omiswon to comply with the Directions in this Clause contained, or for any untrue Declaration or Statement ip this Behalf, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Penalty on LXX. If after, any gpeh declaration as aforesaid shall have been* delivered* tb<£ Gravity

tTravh^o^ of the ^Yort shall be found to exceed the Gravity specified in the Declarntion; or if the Quantity of the Quantity of the AVort or AArash shall be found to exceed by Five per Centum the Quantity Wort. of AVort mentioned in tho Declaration as th? Quantity collected as aforesaid, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

Penalty if

LXXI. And if, after any Officer shall have taken an Account of >the Grhvity or Quantity

be^ound^ex- ^ort or Wash in any Fermenting Back, any Wort shlalP be f6und in such liacfa^pr

ceedin Gravity any AVash in process of Fermentation shall bte found 'therein exceeding in GravityJ off , flx-or Quantity cecding by Five per Centum or more in Quantity the AVort or AVbsh in BdcbEermehtipgiBabk or^uaoUty of which such Account had been previously taken, all socli AVort or Wash in ewdt B*pk previously as shall be considered as new, and not included in any fornier Chnfge against 1 he Distiller) tin certainedby whose Possession the same shall be found, and the ^Distiller shall be charged with Duty in

the officer. respect of the whole of the AVort or AVash in such Back, as not before^hs(rbe<F i£nd the

AVort or AVash of which such Account had bedn previoiisty taken in etich Back «halHbe deemed to be distilled or decreased, an<3 the Distiile* shall be charged ibr-tt'Qtmntilfriof Spirits in respect thereof as for Wort or Wa^h actually distilled ot decreased, 'and he tftlall also forfeit the Sum of £wo hundred Pounds.

Saccharometer

LXXII. And for ascertaining the Gravity of Wort or/Wo$b for the jpqrnp's of to be used for such Sacdharometcr shall be used as shall from/Tkne to Tin?e be prescribed int that 30e|jalf fh^GravU^ by an^ Order of the Commissiondrs; and every Degree of Gravity to he ascertained %j5ny

of Worts or such Saccharometer shall be calculated, in the following Manner that is^ , tpf say, (dfstifled

Wash. AVater being assumed as Unity nfc the Temperature $f Sixty Degrees of

inometer, every Degree of Gravity shall -be correspondent to Thous^d^h Part (jf '^he Specific Gravity of such AVate*; and all AVort or Waph^hfUI.for tjheP.ui^paQ^ a^cai^fbe deemed to be of tho Gravity which the said Saccharometer, shall , on the ^ppflfatio)U tt^eof denote or indicate. m ., -, */V i>m1

Regulations LXXIfL Every Distiller intending to make thd Composition called Bub, or'fctaryMother

fop Distillers Composition for inducing or increasing the Fermentation of Wort or^ashj ^lHdPftudifTitiie

othe^Co^11^ s*r *° Time, at least Four Hours previously to the beginning to make such ComposHicnp^ive tion forfeit-1* Notice in Writing to the Officer surveying liit Distillery, specifying ^be Tiiije jwhon^d the ing Feroienta particular Vessel in which such Composition ia to be made* and the.pqrticjuia^cr *

tion- menting Back into which the earners to be put, apd also specifying the Qi^atit^y; of , eyck

Composition to be put into every suck Back, which Quantity shiyll not exceed ^eTronor-tion of Five Gallons for every One hundred Gallons of the, AVort or Wash, tp ^yhj^Jthe Composition is to be so added; and no Distiller shall have or use any such Composition of

greater

M & c.

{gjr&ifotf Gravity the Gravity of Sixty Degree?; amj if any such Composition shall be ini!aP/$tiMery, epiatrary , t<> the Direction? herein prescribed, or if the Gravity of tiny ^HehtGowpofeitien, shall W increased, dt; any ^ime^fter the Officer shall have taken an fhftieofi or if the iwhple Quantity of such Composition shall not, as herein directed, be convbyred ^ntQ the p^rticulaft Ferpaeiji^ing Wash, Back specified in such Notice within Twenty-four Hours after the "time therein specified for making such Composition, the {(Disriitershdllforfeit the Srinp of Two .hundred Pou^nd?.

L^XIV. It shaft be lawful for a bistiller t6 reriioye the Yettst1 from the Wash in any Fermenting Wash Back, provided the Quantity of Yeast 6b retnbted shall not exceed the rPtooportiod of i Two and Obe Halfi/Htf Ccfttjum. of rthe Wash from which jt shall betaken; liarid Snohi Distiller may Sbll auch Yeast, or any Portion thereof, and send out^he same from ilia' DUtillery* or hemay midthe flatoe tx> tjiC^ Wort pr Waah in any other Fermenting Wash 'iBabkdrihis Distillery* // -, ij i J

J Any Distiller may, qn giving the Notice hereinafter required, remove during a

Period the whole of the Wash, after Fermentation has ceased, from One or more to the Wash Charger, to be secured therein until the Commencement of the distilling |Feripdp and may'refill ttye same Backs with frtesh Wbrt iirtder the Regulations of this Act, and such fresh Wort shall form Part of the^saffie bre\Viiig, Period.

/j^/LXXVI- When the whole of the Wort or Wash made in q Distillery during any brewing ^Period shall'boicplliected into the Fermenting Wash Backs and Wash Charger, and btefore ythej CommbOCtempnt of the idistillipg Period, and beforp any 3^1 shall .be made hse of for i jJiatiMing sthe samp, n Declaration in Writing by or on behalf of the Distiller shall be delivered to the proper Officer, that the whole of the Wort and Wash in the Distillery is collected into the Fermenting Wash Backs and Wash Charger; and therenpofi the Offiber, after the Explication of Four Honrs subsequent to the Delivery of such Declaration but npt before, "I(fehall ^pbn any Still in sdeh Distillery by removing such Fastenings as prevent the same 'from being listed; and; if any Still shall be made use of before such Declaration shall have ^'bebitdteliveredy ot before thterExpiration of suph Foqj: Hours, or if all the Wort, and Wash in Distillery I shrill not ith&hbe criUeoted, as stated in such Declaration, the Distiller shall iAie Stint ai Twahukidred Pounds. , i; :, , tii.

>/lt LXXVIB Before any Wash; sh^ bc eppyey^ from any Fermenting Wash Back, Four y fHbufcs Notico ia Writings shall be givpfl tp - the proper, Officer by or on behalf of the Dis-IntfflOTji slating thqXunxher.of Baik tyhiqh, the Wash is contained, and the Day and Hjiftomf wmmjthe same is t}phPi*?moyed; and tb? Officer shall attend at the Time specified in such Notice, and after he shall have locked the Charging Cock of the Wash Still he shall rempve all such Fastenings as prevent the Conveyance of the Wash from any Back men-, T'1 tioned iji suteh NcAitee ihto the Wash Gharprer, and then, without Delay, all the Wa$h lyhich 1 ,; shall be bonfoined iri such Ftermetititig Wash5 Back, or so much thereof shall fill the ./ nChairfor if the safrie shall not be capable of containing the whole of the Wash, in One Back, r sli^ll be teoitVeyed into the Wash Charger in manner prescribed in this Act; and the Officer, - 'after haying afftxed and secured the Fastenings which* he had so* removed, shall be at liberty

S'11 1 take ah Aecdlirit of the trite Quantity and Gravity of such Waslu and if any Wash shall \ reinoyed btef6reJsndi Nbtitee shidt have beeri'given, or shall be afemoved or ootweyed from U iny other1 FeiWenting'Balcfcyor at Atty other'TH'me oar iri any other Manrier than shall have been mentioned in such Notice, or before the proper Officer shall have rempved, or secured t^wpeeAively.slpph Fapfoning^.as .bpfprc mentioned, and, taken apeouqt of the true Quantity oriftridiGrriviltylof the/Washd^P ph?rg?*V| the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum' of TWo hundred

07lPpiind$^. M Ift! - ) r! { - ' .fr.i'.f,

Aftbr ariy Wadh shall have been taken account of in the Waih Charger, no

435

Bistiller may sell Yeast or use it in his Distillery.

Distiller may refill Wash Backs during a brewingPeriod.

Before beginning to distil Distiller shall declare that all Wort and Wash are collected into the Fermenting Wash Backs.

Distiller to give Four Hours Notice before removing Wash from the Fermenting Back to the Wash Charger.

The Contents of Wash Charger to be conveyed into the Still, &c. before Wash removed.

LXXIX.' It

£3|fi 23° &. 24° VICTORIA ,; c. 144.

Samples of Wash may be takeu and the original Gravity before Fermentation determined as herein directed.

i

LXXIX. It shall be lawful for any Officer to take such Samples of Wash" from the Wa.-h Back or Wash Charger in a Distillery, or from both of such Vessels, as he may thiujc proper; and in order to ascertain and determine the original Gravity of the Wort from \yhicfi the Wash was made before Fermentation had taken place therein, a definite Quantity by Measure of the Wash shall be distilled, and the Distillate and the Spent Wash respectively shall be made up with distilled Water, each of them to die original Measure of the Wash before Distillation, and the Specific Gravity thereof respectively shall be then ascertained, and the Number of Degrees and Parts of a Degree of Specific Gravity by which such Distillate shall be less than the Specific Gravity of distilled Water shall be deemed to be the Spirit Indication of such Distillate, and the actual Specific Gravity of such Spent Wash added the Degree of original Gravity set forth in the Table Contained in Schedule (A.) annexed to this Act opposite to the Degree of Spirit Indication contained in the same Table shall he deemed to be the Original Specific Gravity of such Wash before Fermentation; and for the Purposes aforesaid all the Weighings and Measurings that may be necessary to be ffihqe of the respective Liquids shall be made when the same are at the Temperature of S^ry Degrees of Fahrenheit's Thermometer, and at that Temperature distilled Water riiallbe considered as One thousand; and if the original Gravity of such Wort as found and determined in the Manner aforesaid shall exceed by more than Two Degrees the Gravity thereof as declared by the Distiller, he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and also tile Sum of Sixpence for every Gallon of Wash contained in the Wash Back or Wash Charjfor from which the Wash so distilled was taken: Provided always, that the Distiller, ^(^apy Person acting on his Behalf, may, if he shall so desire, be present at the Distillation of $ii<m Wash, and at the Performance of such Process as aforesaid for ascertaining the said original

Gravi, y- ' '

Samples of LXXX. It shall be lawful for any Officer to take from any Wash Back or Charger, wstfi be^k^Ld50 couveT away from the Distillery, a Sample, not exceeding the Quantity of Twenty Gallons, dfstiileTb^the of Wash contained therein, and to cause such Sample of Wash to be distilled into Low Officer. Wines; and such Officer may gauge or measure or weigh the Quantity and ascertain the

Strength of the Low Wines produced by the Distillation of subli Wash.

Distiller to

LXXXI. And it shall be lawful for any Supervisor or other superior Officer to require

clean out Re- that any Low Wines, Feints, or Spirits Receiver in a Distillery shall be emptied and assIsTthe^ffi- out, and that any Quantity of Wash shall be conveyed into any Wash Still, and

cer in distilling from any Wash Back, as such Officer shall direct, iti order that such Wash may be 'forthwith a Charge of distilled into Low Wines, or into Feints and Spirits; and alb Persons in the Employ of the an^tVash° Distiller shall, on reasonable Notice, give and provide Assistance and Fuel to such* Officer, Back required at his Request, in distilling such Wash into Low Wines, or Itito Feints and Spirits, and iri by the Officer, conveying the Low Wines directly into the Low Wines Receiver, and the Feints and Spirits into the Feint and Spirit Receiver respectively which shall be so cleaned out; and sueffi Low Wines, Feints, and Spirits respectively shall be kept in the proper Receiver, urimrxjbd with any Matter or Thing whatsoever, until the Officer shall have taKen an Accriunt of the Quantity and Strength thereof; and for any Refusal, Neglect, or Omission on the Part of the Distiller Or of any Person in his Employ, to comply with the Directions in this Clause contained, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum Of Two hundred Pounds. "

If the Produce LXXXII. In every such Cose as in the Two last preceding Clauses is mentioned the

of Wash dis- Officer shall compute and ascertain the Quantity of Proof Spirits in and equivalent :to the

th^roiwi^on Low Wines, Feints, and Spirits, according to the Strength thereof; and if the Quantity of One Gallon of Proof Spirits so computed shall in any of the respective Cases aforesaid exceed-the, Rate a Quarter or Proportion of One Gallon and One Quarter of a Gallon of Proof Spirits for One hundred for ev«y Five8 Gallons of Wort or Wash in respect of every Five Degrees of Gravity which thei aaaaae Degrees of At- shall have been attenuated, as taken by the Surveying Officer, that is to say, for. every t^er8subject*8* ^*ve degrees of Difference between the highest Gravity of the Wort from which1 such to Penalty.0 Wash was produced, as declared by the Distiller pursuant to this Act, or as appearing on any Account thereof taken by the Officer, or as ascertained and determined in the Manner herein-before directed, and the lowest decreased Gravity of such Wort or Wash as taken by the Officer previous to the Distillation thereof, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two

hundred

23° & 24" ViCl'01{'i/E, c. 1U. 43*7

hundred Pounds, and also the Sum of Sixpence for every Gallon of Wort or Wash ^ontam^d

in the Wash Back from which such Wash so distilled as aforesaid was removed or taken:

Provided always, that the Officer shall, if required, pay to the Distiller the Value of every '

Sample of Wash which he shall take away from the Distillery, or return the Produce thereof, and mix the Low Wines, Feints, and Spirits with the Low Wines or Feirits of the Wash Back to which they belong; provided also, that the Distiller, or any Person acting in hii Behalf, may be present at the Distillation of any such Wash, if he shqlf so desire.

LXXXIII. Four Hours at least before any Low Wines or Feints or Spirits shall be Four Hours removed out of the respective Receivers in a Distillery, a Notice in Writing specifying the Day and Hour when the same respectively are to be so removed, shall be given to the R^ovafof6 proper Officer, by or on behalf of the Distiller; and the Officer shall attend at the Time Low Wines, specified in such Notice, and after having taken an Account of the Quantity and Strength of fe|ritofrom such Low Wines or Feints or Spirits, he shall remove the Fastenings of the Pumps or othpr R^ver^md Conveyances used for the Removal or Conveyance of Low Wines or Feints, or Spirits, a3 Officer to at-the Cose may be, and of the Receivers containing the same, find all the Low Wines or Feints which shall be in such Low Wines or Feints Receiver shall be forthwith removed and of. ° conveyed into the Low Wines or Feints Charger or Intermediate Still Chafer, and all the Spirits which shall be contained in the Spirit Receiver shall be removed and conveyed into an entered Store Vat or Cask in the Spirit Storehoqse of the Distillery; and if any Dow Wines or Feints or Spirits respectively shall not be removed and conveyed as aforesaid, or shall be removed from any Receiver without such Notice, or at any other Time than shall bjpve been specified in such Notice, or before the Officer shall have removed the several Fastenings as herein directed, or if before the whole of the Low Wines or Feints or Spirits in any Receiver shall have been removed therefrom as aforesaid, and the Fastenings thereof shall h&ve been again secured by the Officer, any other Low Wines or Feints or Spirits shall be ooiiteyed into such Receive *, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Twa hundred Pounds:

Provided always* that when any Distiller shall secure his Low Wines and Feints Pumps to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, he may run Low Wines and Feints together into the same Receiver, and at any Time without giving such Notice as aforesaid remove the Low Wines and Feints from the Receivers to the Low Wines and Feints Chargers ,; and Fe-distil the satne.,

LXXXIV. A Distiller may collect in the Dow Wines Receiver, otr in the Feints and Low Wines, Spirit Receivers, the Low Wines or the Feints and Spirits respectively produced by the Distillation of the Wash of the same brewing Period contained in all or aiiy of the duce/toW Fermenting Backs of the Distillery; and such Produce shall be, kept unraixed with any kept separate other Matter or Thins whatever, and shall also be kept separate and apart from the Produce thereof be°Ua^ gf the Wash contained in any pther Back throughout, the whole Course of the Distillation takoL -thereof, and until the Spirits produced therefrom shall be removed info the Spirit Store, as , herein-after mentioned; and >sffien an Account of the Quantity and Strength of the Loiw Wipes, feints, and Spirits so collected \ shall haye been taken by the proper Officer ,; all Aguoh Low Wines or Feints shall bp removed tioru the Receiver into, the Low Wines or Feints Charger, and all such Spirits into the Spirit Store, before any other Low Wines or Feints or Spirits shall be made from the Distillation of the Wash contained in any other Back, and all the Spirits and Feints produced by the Re-distillation of such Low Wines of which such Account shall have been thken shall m like Manner be Collected ih the Spirits '' 7, [\ afnd Ffeints Receivers respectively, hnd kept therein separate and apatt and ririmixed as.

aforesaid (save as is hereinafter provided) until an Account of the Quantity and Strength

Of huch1 Spirits and Feints respectively shall have beeri taken by the proper Officer; and if: ' /

all sudh Low Wines, Feints, and Spirits respectively shalll not be'so colleqted, and kept - - i,

and removed separate hnd apart and umriixed as aforesaid, the I^istiller1 shall forfeit fne - '

Stun of Two hundred Pounds; but! it shall be lawfbl to'mix with1 any Friht'S collected in; (.

the Receiver, or with the Low Wines' from which such' Feinta arc produced, any Feints

{if any there be) which shall have been produced by and which may remain oh hahd after the Re-distillation of the last Charge of the Low Wines Still with the Feints produced

from the Low Wines of any* Wash of the same Period previously distilled; and the Feints may be

Distiller may re-distil any Feints which shall havC been collected, and an Aeconhi thereof re-distilled.

taken

VMS

Officer may take account of, the Spirits and Feints produced on such Re-distillation.

Two Spirit Receivers may be used ott certain. Conditions

. 123° & m wtaromm, 114,

taken ns aJorelsaJd, tendl may Irepeat / the Process of ird-distilling /thfr Feints produced by Tany

dachRe-'distillation' is.often as hi shall think ffi£ so to do; and the OffioeLv may fokeian

A«f6onnt bfl the f6ph£ts tend; Feints respectively prodneed (arid Collected on1 every» fchch

Hb-distillation, and compete and asceriaih the Quantity/of Proof Spirits in and; equivalent

to such Spirits a»<|' Feiiits/ according to i thei Strength' therdof ^fespdctLholy\\ ahdf ihhe

Distiller*1 shall be charged with Duty for the greatest Quantity of ProdfSpirits which -ahall

appear to have been produced, or, under the Provisions of this Act, be deemed to have been produced, ftoih the Whole of the Ix>\v Wines which fehall have 1)den coll^ctt^ antVtaken

an Account of, as before mentioned, whethk' Stujh greatest Quantity of Proof i^prrks shall

appear frorn 'the first Ke-distiliteticin^of such Low Wines Or from any euoh sutise^dent

Re-distillation .:; 1 - - ' ? J - 11

.. ', *: \ f */ . !, - / . ' I = i . , /J.

LXXXV. It shall also be lawful for any Distiller to erect in connexion with either.bind of Still described in Section Fourteen of this Act, and in the Manner therein directed, One additional Sjpirit Receiver, provided the Distiller shall, to the1 fea&sfactidA of *the 06mmia-si oners, apply and affix to each Spirit Receiver the Apparatus described m SCctidii Twbhty of thds Act, and the Distiller may collect in each Receiver alternately the "Spirits pftbd&ced from the Distillation of aiiy Wash or the Re-distillation of any Low wines or FethW J'And when k Distiller shall have run so niuch Spirit ittto' either Received as he Mitelt thfnV fit, he shall1 give Notice to the Officer, who shall thereupon lock the Charging Cock/And 'the Spirits slS.ll not: be removed until after the 'Expiration of Two Hours from sncli Notice, nor unless'a Notice for4 Hiat Purpose has been given, as ricqurred by'this Act. 1; f '1 lr

/ :<1; : . <,) *).1; t! . I r: *: ' . i - .: f ' ': i > ' i; .:. r. // r; !. i.! V' /I

As to the charging 'ami Payment of the Dntyon Spirits^' ' y]-

tf

lift nr

Modes of charging Duty *

1st. By Percentage from Wash according to the Attenuation of the* Gravity thereof, Qo& . GaWoat^r ,; every Five ? i Degrees attenuated:

2d. By the Produce as found in the Low W ines:

3d. By the '* Produce on the Re-distillation, of Low Wines, into Spirits add Feints :; '

LXXXVI. For and in retepect of every One hundred Gallons of Want crfiWafh [which shall be jbretw^d or imdt in any Distillery the Officer Ahali charge [the DistilledmthlDhty for, A Quantity of Spirite at the Rate of One Gallon of Proof. Spirit* for %very Ffre Debtees of Gravity which the Wort or Wash shall be attenuated, that is istey^fOr ctvrecjriFive Degrees of Difference between the highest Gravity of such Wort or Wash as declared by 'iherDi6tffi^fpteffeuhtit to this Act, <yr as anpUaringbh rttly A'Cbeunt- tAketo the^eio^by the Officer^in the 'Fbrmenlinjf Back]1 br hs ast^rbiiAed and determined by^ the h^in-

!bC$>*C pt&*Crib6d, tVom atty Sample taken friJm a, Fermcnrin^ Back oi^ th^ Wash^GfeaS^er, !andf the lbwlsIst^dbCrbaBed Gravity of such Wort br Wash tes UppearitVgMOtt 'rtriy lAie<lmint tabeh by the Offle^ previouriy to the Distillaftion Sthei*eof; andtho'Olfflcer tdiall alsb ohtfrge rtt the stenie/Rate5 atift Prc^oraoti of Spirits for hkiy leett Quantity bf tiudh Wort or Wish, and fo^ any lefes'DeCrehse of Gravity than FiVb Degrees. 5 fo , i !rr^G; /ft

/'I I M- *; t ' 1: - 'if m: )-'t: U /ih; !'! iutl-Oipjb

, -LXJXjCYkk, When, the; Officer, take an. Account of the Quantity, a.nd wWWJP of ithe'Lwy which .shall h^ve be^n, produced from the' Pistilhitipp he shall Qopypute fnd, ascertain the Quantity of 3?jpQof\ Spirit? in and equiy^en^.fOjS]^ J^ow \Yuwjs, (^ccprdi.; ig^ tp-the .Strength pnd QuaptHy thereof, iand puty sh4lh^/PfX%W^ rP^3the Quantity of Proof, Spijcits ?o ascertained, tafter miakingfia Allowance qt ye Mfitfy&Wk on such Quantity9 and the Office^ shall cWgq th^Distillqr with Duty jaccorffingly; / [rif{

, r LXXXVIIlJ Whenbver the1 Officer' shall take ah Account' of1 the QiiaAt}tyj4ind Strength bf 'Spirits and Feints respectively which shall have!'beeh priidteced' !frdh?the Distillation:'6P\Any'LoW WiheSj together with any Feints which may hate reniaiAed^om «by preribuS'Distfilation^ he slTair compute and ascertain the Quantity of Prbo^ 'Spirit intend bqhivalOnti tb SUCl^iritS ap'd1 Feints,; according tb the Strength thereOf'reib^lyj and shall deduct from the1 Quantity so Ascortiitted ia'Quantity bquivtelettte' 1b1 thfc^cfPithe Feints((if pn-y) whi(fh may, hayp remained.on hand, after any previous Disrillafiop, and which may JiaVe been.included in the Account of Spirits and1 Feinfs So t.^Keirds afore^jiid, niid ahie^ sbcli Deduction; Duty Shall rbb payable of the'remaining QtiAn^ity; of^&of.^mrits ^b' compiitp^ ' and AsCCrtaittpfl ,; alid the Officer ' shall charge thbf DisHllCr^'W^/lluty

fice^diita'giy., 1'7/": .....

if

distiller tb be1 charged from, tb^ highest j

d] f>t ni /I j:rii

i LXXXIX. The Distfillet" shall ih respect of alM Woff, Wash> tend Bub A4 hie-Distillery be chajjgCdncoCrding to the highest Gabge of^Qutentityi at mj Time ^tkeo thdtrec^iand

i ' i - A - according

<33" & 341 VICTORI^E, c. 114.

y ificwi'tfingjlo tJ^eiiighbstifAmoiitit Grritvifey thetfeof at any Time declared by Kim, or nscer-m tairied byi any Officer, Jwithoub any AHoiraiice fo!r Waste, Bub, Dregs, Yeast, or other d Matter/whatever; iind i>henia»yiDe$redse shall tnkeplacfc in the Quantity of Wort, Wash, h fthditl^ib in a Dis^Hteiiyv tfcelt Amiount^of iuchi Decrease shall be deemed to have been widisltilledj dndittbq- DistillerdfihjilU be ehargicd accordingly with si Quantity of Spirits in ]L:jiBO^tk>ni6o Decease ofsiiob, Wort, Wash, and Bubi

; )'/<; (I <>l I if!> 1 1 -h, I /. - *; -1 -1 - *f' I <i *r 1 ' i.

fvidiiXCIi- tVrQ Sllgari.or Sy^p, pr; iii^y gbitinoiw or ^cchariue or other Matter or Thing, shall ]f, lie \yhh^rjadded, tp any Low Wittes, Feints, or Spirits, whereby the Gravity thereof

J(I^)LbO-ii^reasedj.pr-jsoiiS; , to, prpv?n*i Strength thereof from being ascertained by the Hydrometer; and for any Offence contrary hereto the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all such Low Wines, Feints, Spirits, and Mixtures shall also be

V ---- ---- 1 ..... 1

i [, ., <-{1 j fi, [{ J :[t; :', /

Officer.sMl from Tiqae to Time; raake out and deliver to the Collector, or to y., ^9^ FsrpW-: ^hO! Cortp^an^rs/ shall appoint; to, receive the .same, a Return of the

}; vQp0tyfitj; of Spirits for, \yl)ioh(the DjptUJpr .shad, be chargeable, and of the Duty payable iJn^ei; 9flp/4in4 sjucfo Qfljcei] 8^11 tm^e: , ()Mt Oliver any such Return or Account at any t; }.T|i^firapjJ1ijfo?; {' any F^ripd^as, tftq Qofpmi^ioners may dirept; and in every such Return p)*a*gq, th^.Ffi8bUjprr, apeording to such of the several Modes of charging r)mp^fb^d by p wtace, .t^eilijgljest Amount of Duty; and such Officer shall,

if required m .Writingj l^y .tfhe Pisjtilley, delayer or (leave wijth him, or at his Distillery, an Account in Writing signed with the Name of the Officer, setting forth the Quantity of Spirits specified m hi^ R^tpru^with (he Amount of Duty thereon and the Period comprised in the Return; and the Return of the Officer shall be a Charge on the Distiller, and he fl >i*balllpay the Duf£ tfoe*Gliirabpefttitt!*'or ivhteh shrill be chargeable upon him within such vTf/nnDlefiwut?SnT^als the Odttimtaikm&rs may in'that Behalf direct, or in default v^ibptiof tihh Dtetiitef'^iail^iferfieStJ T#efifty^ Pdurld ^, together with a Sum equal to double the o/iAiqottttt offeueh'Ddtyi tL, it .....

yd Jxvik!')oI, <nif'.i: // 'I, i'i< //1<* <* - i ) *, I.

Ofli vXCU- Jp i^U: GnftW wh#rc7 may, Duties, payable by a Distiller shall remain unpaid after .n; .fJk(sa*tei<ehallj Ha^cirWppwp payable, j, t, .shall- be lawful fori the Collector or other Officer thfi CoUccti|oB.ia; :W, lbchi the Distillery.shall be situate, by Warrant under his tfnfl4^, vtoetnpo.yffiri £Uf, y, Pnrsfln, Mtnke art/l distrain, all; Spirits, and all Stills, Coppers, and nyiStiMi'tfewk at>diWtewilBii»nd< aU Malts Crain, and, other Materials for distilling

t, i; jb^|ongifig /V> dupb fiiatiUwoyiin, any, J)istillery, t^ore, or Plane in the Use or Possession of the Distiller, or of any Person .on, .hie'IJehfdf o(r in .trust for. him, and also all Spirits deposited in any. Warehouse in his Name, and to cause the same to be sold by Public , 0 'Ahbfifcln; giving Sik! jbajra: previous Notice thereof; and if after the Payment of all Duties 1'1* dmf ArtWrs'bf'Ddtt^'dne frtrn1 the Difetiller, and also the Duties on such of the Spirits v; i''?teIsM1^!'haV6 be^b isbHraTe'hpuscd dnd distt-ained and sold as aforesaid, together with the '' 'CV)^t8 an(l'.Kbcp<irrses of such 'distraining and Sale^ there shall be any Surplus of the Produce ny WH^Jh^fibKh 'the Side; £itch pnr'pfus fehaP' be forthwith paid Or tendered to the Distiller or his lawful'Ageut orlfopreWntative; provided'always, that when any Spirits or Malt shall j)n, be^dM^inrdi it, shall, be, jawfpl for th0 Distiller or his Agent or Eepr^sentativo, at any Oilj^itn^'bflorai tho Dayjapppiptod for tb^; Sale thereof, to reinoye under proper Permits all or r[io#W'; JRart flf awi Spiriit OrMalW U(POO paying to, the Collector or other Officer in charge as ni afp^'4 .W^ards/dlftohaagipg the, wifi Duties, the rc; »l Value of such Spirits or Malt ty[^l^|l0bOi, rajJMiiredt tOrbcreMoyed^und proper Pcfaits shall on due Application be given o/llfqr.tbftftarpe^iRililce.^tapin^.asdf.np suph Distress had been made., bfrj?

Eniff p^ Vyery'^l^lllm Period the t>istiller, or One of the Distillers if

yuJHh

(r p^d^r; ^s , cjwn ^proper J, {. r (,

to tie proper Supervisor!)^ the whole Quantity of each Descriptii making the Wort or Wash, and also the whole Quantity of the Wort or Wash which shall vtoHiveTbeeri (fccrbayed ffrorb tWe -Wa^fi Backs or diet klled in the Distillery, and of the whole bmQtemtitiy of>lSbit«t6^ computedvat "thd/'Strength; «of TP»rQofi Spirit *, which shall have been guibi >o; 23 & 24 VICT. 3 K distilled

489

Gauge of Wash without allowing for Waste or Dregs.

Sugar, &c. not to be mixed with Ix>w Wines or Spirits to prevent Strength being ascertained.

Officer from Time to Time to make Returns of the Quantity of Spirits chargeable on the Distiller, who shall pay the Duty accordingly-

Collectors may die train for Duties m arrear from Distillers.

Distiller to make Entry at the End of every distilling Period of the true Quantity of Wash distilled and Spirits made in each

440

brewing and

distilling

Period.

Distilled to deliver an Account of the Malt, Sugar, and Molasbes used in every distilling Period verified by Declaration.

Officer may take Samples of Wort, Wash, Spirits, &c. in any Distillery.

No Spirits shall be received into a Distiller's Stock but such, as are distilled in his Distillery.

All Spirits distilled during a distilling Period to be removed fVOm the Spirit Store within Ten Days after the Termination of such Period.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

distilled or made in the Distillery within the last preceding brewing and distilling Periods, and of the whole Quantity of Feints remaining undistilled; and in case of any Refusal, Neglect, or Omission to make such Entry or Return the Distiller shall forfeit the Sipa of Two hundred Pounds.

XCIV. And every Distiller or the principal Manager of his Distillery shall also, at the End of every distilling Period, deliver to the proper Officer an Account in Writing of th6 Number of Bushels of Malt and the true Quantity of Sugar and Molasses (specifying the same and the Quantities thereof respectively) actually used in making the Wort or Wash distilled during that Period; and the Officer shall transmit such Account, together with a Return in Writing signed by him, to the Collector, specifying the Number of Bushels of Malt and the Quantities of Sugar and Molas-es respectively so used, and the Quantity of Proof Spirits with which the Distiller shall have been charged in respect of such Wort or Wash; and the Distiller or the principal Manager of his Distillery shall make and subscribe a Declaration to the Truth of such Account in the Form or to the Effect following: f T A.B., Distiller [or principal Manager, as the Case may be] of the Distillery at

do solemnly declare, That within the brewing Period commencing on the

Day of and ending on the Day of, both inclusive,

there were actually mashed and used in the said Distillery, and consumed in the distilling c of Spirits therein, the several Quantities of Malt and of Sugar and Molasses respectively

herein-after specified, and no more; (that is to say,) Bushels of Malt,

Pounds of Sugar, and Pounds of Molasses [or as the Case may fte], and all this I

declare to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, and according to the best Information in

my Power to obtain/

And in default of such Declaration being made, or if auy such Declaration shall be untrue, the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XCV. It shall be lawful for any Officer, whenever and as often as lie shall think fit, to take Samples of Wort, Wash, Low Wines, Feints, and Spirits respectively, in any Back, Receiver, Charger, or other Vessel or Utensil in a Distillery, in order that he may ascertain the Gravity or Strength of the same respectively, and from such Part of any such Vessel or Utensil as he shall think proper; and the Gravity or Strength of any such Sample so taken shall be held to be the true Gravity or Strength of the whole Contents of the Vessel or Utensil: from which the Sample was so taken; but before a Sample shall be taken all the Liquor contained in any such Vessel or Utensil may be stirred up and mixed together by the Distiller, or any Person in his Employ, if he shall think fit so to do.

As to the Removal of Spirits into the Distillery Store or for Consumption; and the Account

to be "kept of Spirits in Stock.

XCVI. No Spirits whatever shall be received or conveyed into the Stock or etiteted Spirit Store of a Distiller other than such Spirits only as shall have been distilled in his Distillery, and ns shall be conveyed directly from the Spirit Receiver into such Store in the Manner herein-before prescribed; nor shall any Spirits which have been removed from such Store bo again brought into the same from any Place whatever; and if any Spirits shall be received into or be found in the Stock or Store of a Distiller contrary hereto he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and the Spirits shall also be forfeited.

XCVII. All the Spirits which shall be distilled at a Distillery during One distilling Period shall be removed from the entered Spirit Store, and the Duty thereon paid for Consumption, or shall be conveyed to and deposited in a Warehouse under the Provisions in that Behalf, within Ten Days after the Termination of the distilling Period, and before any Spirits of a succeeding distilling Period arc brought into the Store; and if any Spirits of One distilling Period (other than a Quantity not exceeding One hundred and fifty Gallons and in One Ullage Cask) shall remain in any such Store after Ten Days from the Termination of such distilling Period, or if within the said Term of Ten Days any Quantity of the Spirits of One distilling Period (other than such Quantity and in such Cask as aforesaid) shall remain in any such Store after any Spirits of a succeeding distilling Period are brought into the same Store, o into any other such Store at the same Distillery, the Distiller shall forfeit

441

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

fyrfeit'for every Gallon of Spirits of such former Period so remaining in the Store in either

of the Cases aforesaid the Sum of Twenty Shillings.

XCVIII. When all the Spirits distilled at a Distillery in any One distilling Period shall have been removed from the Spirit Store as herein-before required, or at the Expiration of Ten Days after the Termination of such distilling Period, a Balance shall be struck by the proper Officer in the Stock Account kept by him for the Distillery, and in the Return to be made by the Officer of the Quantity of Spirits for which the Distiller shall have become chargeable during the preceding distilling Period an Allowance shall be made to the Distiller of any Deficiency iu Stock occasioned by natural Waste, not exceeding the Proportion of One Gallon and a Half for every One hundred Gallons at Hydrometer Proof of the Spirits removed from the Spirit Receiver to the Spirit Store; and if the Deficiency shall exceed such Proportion, then an Allowance shall be made in respect thereof to the Extent of the Rate and Proportion aforesaid; provided, that if the Deficiency shall exceed the Proportion of Three per Centum on the Spirits so removed as aforesaid no Allowance whatever shall be made in respect thereof.

XCIX. The Officer in charge of the entered Spirit Store at a Distillery shall when required attend thereat daily (Sundays excepted^ between the Hours of Five o'Clock in the Mqrping and Eight o'Clock in the Evening; and all Spirits! in the Spirit Store shall be fiUe4 into the Casks in the Presence of the Officer in such Manner and under such Regulations as the Commissioners shall in that Behalf direct; and the Officer shall take an Account of the Weight or Measure and Strength of all such Spirits,

C. No Spirits shall be sent out of or removed from a Distillery or the Stock of a Distiller at any other Strength than that denominated Hydrometer Proof, or Twenty-five per Ccntumy or Eleven per Centum above or Ten per Centum or Fifteen per Centum, or Twenty per Centum below Hydrometer Proof, or within Six Tenths of One per Centum over or under the said Strengths respectively, or Forty-three per Centum above Hydrometer Proof, or of any higher Degree of Strength; nor shall any Spirits be sent out or removed, as aforesaid ip any (Quantity less than Nine Gallons in any Cask, nor without, a lawful Permit (expressing the true Quantity and Strength of such Spirits; and if any Spirits shall be sent out of or Removed from a Distillery or the St9ck of a Distiller in any less Quantity than as aforesaid, or without such Permit as aforesaid, or of any other Strength than the Strength expressed in the Permit, all such Spirits, and every Cask and Vessel containing the snme, shall be forfeited, and the Distiller shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.,

Cl. Spirits may be sent out from a Spirit Store for Consumption or to be Warehoused in Casks either full or on Ullage, but the Commissioners shall have Power to make such Orders for regulating the Ullage as may appear to them to be necessary.

i, CJ.L No Permit shall be granted for the Removal of Spirits frotn the Stock of a Distiller, (ofcoqpt for such Spirits as shall be sent or delivered into Warehouse pursuant to the Provisions of this Act,) unless he shall produce to the Officer from whom the Permit is requested the Receipt of the Collector for the Duty on the Spirits to be removed, nor unless the Distiller shall suffer the Officer to endorse on such Receipt the Quantity of Spirits for which a Permit is required, and the Date of such Permit; and the Officer shall make such Endorsement accordingly. 1

CIII. Thq^proper Officer shall take and keep an Account by way of Debtor and Creditor of the Stock of Spirits in the Distillery and Store of every Distiller, and shall in §uch Recount debit the St ick, with the full Quantity of Spirits, computed at Hydrometer Proof* which shall be from Time to Time duly conveyed into the same from the Spirit Receiver in the Distillery, and shall credit the Stock, with the full Quantity so computed, which shall be from Time to Time sent out under legal Permit; and if at any Time the Quantity of Spirits which shall be found in the Stock or Possession of a Distiller shall be, greater tfiau the Quantity which, according to the said Stock Account, ought to be in his Stock or Possession, the Excess Quantity shall be forfeited, and the Distiller shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Excess; and if at any Time the Quantity of Spirit in tho Stock or Possession of a Distiller shall be less than the Quantity which,

Balance to be struck in the Stock Account, and Allowance made for Deficiency occasioned by natural Waste.

Officer in charge of Spirit Store to attend daily.

Spirits not to be removed from Distillery of other Strength than herein specified, or in less Quantity than Nine Gallons in any Cask, or without Permit

Spirits may he sent out of the Store in Casks either full or on Ullage. Permit net tb he granted ibr Removal of Spirits, &c. nntil Collector's Receipt for Duty he produced.

Distiller^ -Stock Account of PFoof Spirits to be kept by the Officer.

* 4M 23", &, 24° KIOTORIJEt c-114.

acconling to the said Stook Account, , ought to be in hfe Stocker Possession, the Distiller,

whenever the Deficiency shall appear, shall forfeit the Sum of' Twenty/ Shillings fo^evetjr Gallon which shall be so deficientwhiich said respective Penalties of Twenty jShil^pgs for every Gallon of Spirits in Excess or Deficiency in the Quantity which ought to W m \he Stock, or Possession of t^e Distiller shall not be mitigated or reduced to anyless $nm bt the Court before which the Complaint of Information for Recovery thereof shall be heard and determined; but the Distiller shall not be liable to such Penalty in any Case Wjiefe the Excess shall not e^eed One Half per Centum or the Deficiency shall riot exceed 1 Three pep, Centum on the Quantity. of Spirits formed by the Balance left on the last Stocking and the Quantity sirice duly!broriglit into Stock from the Spirit Receiver, nor in any Case where he shall prove to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, fhat the Decrease diu not. result from any Fraud practised ojr intended J but in any Ca^e of Excess, where no Penalty shall be incurred and prosecuted for, the Duty on such Excess shall be ebrir^eji against the Distiller. V ^:

Warehousing of Spirits Duty-free, andllegulations ^relating to Spirits in Warehouse.

Distillers may CIV. A Distiller may, under such Regulations as the Commissioners shall from Tiriie to warehouse; Time make in that Behalf, deposit in a Warehouse approved of by them ^pirita ^ist^ilied in

payment of° 1 hia Ptetiljery, without payment, of the Duty therepn, to be delivered out for Dome, Con-Duty in Waf-e- sumption on; Payment of such Duty, or for Exportation, or for Use ya Ship's ^tores, yor

Bl*c^ Warehouse to be provided and duly entered by the Distiller, and to them'and^ap- he approved of by the Commissioners, if they shall, be satisfied \yith respect fo the; Situation, proved by the Construction, and Security thereof; but no Distiller shall be entitled to have any such PftgfflMsyjpagy. Warehouse at any other Place than his own entered Distillery Premises, *ukl ino Spirits or uther Liquors other than Such 'Spirits as aforesaid, conveyed directly front, his Distillery, dirili be deposited ill such Warehouse* ' \ \

Cy. The Spirits deposited inaqch Warehouse as aforesaid shall be contained in Caste, pitW full or pn Ullage, but not less than NineiGidlons in any Cask; and there shall be [marked on eaph End of; every Cask, in Letters or Figures legibly cut, branded, or paintfd with Oil Colour thereon, the Mark and Number of every such Cask, and the full Content ^r^ou*Shof thereof, *n Manner required by the Thirty^fifth Clause of thU Actvand the Number of Gallons contained therein; and Spirits may also be warehoused in Vats under such Regulations, ns lithe Commissioners may make ih that: Behalf; t but no (Spirits thrill be wanehbuaed of anjH Strength other than; the respective Strengths specified imSection:Oke; hundred:of this Act.M.

Regulat ionsas to the Casks and the Quantity to be contained therein,

warehoused Spirits.

Spirits in Distiller's Warehouse may be transferred to a Purchaser.

CVI, Upon glv sioners^ in like Mai

iving Security by ariner and to the

Penalty for Frauds in reo Spirits i* Warehouse.

Pond, with Sureties to the Satisfaction of the Comrois-_ like Effect as the Keeper of such general Warehouse

as heremTafter mentioned is by Clause One hundred and , eigjitj of tliip Act required1 to give, a Distiller may transfer to a Turcnaseij Spirits deposited in any Warehouse of such Distiller for which such Security is given, on the 'Perms and Conditions and with the Effect ^ejqified in Clause Oqe hivudred a, nd twenty-fwo^f this Act; but no further Trapper ahali ^b^iWdci^fwch Spirits, whilst the same remain in^uch Warehouse, ., .

CVir. If a Distiller, or any Person1 by his Order or Connivance, after any Spirits shall (lbei$e^urfd in any Warehouse, shall op£n any of the Locks or Doors in the Abstlf^o^ the (. proper > Supervisor or Officer* or shall make or obtain nuy Way or Acoessi iofoauph , (Workhouse, <or/ shalt temOVe my Paffc whatever of the Partition between, aqy Warflhuuse, for keeping spirits and any other Plrice whatsoever thereunto adjoining, or ^hnU after £l Warehouse Wfe be^n iso approved of as aforesaid, mak^ an Addition* to or in uoy, vjay alter the same, without Notice first given to the proper Supervisor of ..such, intended Addition or Alteration, and the Consent of the Commissioners in Writing first had and i Obtained* for 'the1 shmei oi* shall deposit oif' remote Spirits- ift: or from any srich Warehouse fothtrvrieef titan provided by this Act; or shall by dny Contrivance or Device whatsoever lpilivrit«ly r^ive, convey laway^ or conceal any of the Spirits, either before The sanae^are i put into'tho Warehoilso1 orriftei^vardS' such iyistillCT 'shalPforfeit the Sum of Fitelwiiidred d Pounds,

23° & 24° VICTORIAE; oi 114. SJM8

PbUfcdkJ wild alii Spirit^ and >oth£r Liquors' depdaited^ removed, Crckriideakd tontrayytothe Prdvis/ious^o# thi»"Act !shall be forfeited. 1 ': /

The Copmussi oners ipay appoint general Warehouse^ Jfpr tl>e Deposit (herein o? British Spirits .warehoused without, Payment of iDuty, under such Security by Pond [ffprai the Proprietor or Tenant of any such Warehouse, in giu; k Renal Sum, and ^ubjept to such Concision. and with One pr more sufficient Sureties, as the Commissioners may require, and Under spch other Rums and Regulations as they, may pnke m that respect; and any (Distiller may warehousp in such general Warehouse, without Payment of Duty, Spirits distilled by him, and removed either directly from his Distillery or from any other Warehouse, to be deposited py him and entered in his Name in n Book to pe kept by the proper Officer in charge, of such Warehouse, in such Manner and Form as the Commissioners may dirqot: provided always, that the Proprietor, of such Warehouse shall alone be answerable to the Distiller pr Owner of any Spirits deposited* therein for the safe Custody thereof, and no Action or Suit shall be brought or maintained against the Commissioners or any of their Officers on account of any Loss or Damage which may happen to supb Spirits whilst; they are deposited in any such Warehouse, or on account of any wrong or improper Delivery tpf theiBame therefroxu^ .

Commissioners may appoint general Warehouses under Bond in which Distiller may warehouse British Spirits.

11 ClX. Every DiitSllCr and every Proprietor of' any such; Warehouse aforeaaM shill Distillers and

respectively, When and ns they shall be required1 by the Commissioners s6 to do, p'rbvWe proprietors of (A<rcOtamodatidh at the Distillery Store and at any such Warehouse for the Officer In charge pr^deAc* ihCrCof respectively, to the Satisfaction of the Cobiriti$s}6ner$, on qntiri of forfeiting thfe Stofn commodatioa rif Fifty" Pounds for every Refusal or Neglect 60 to1 do. J 1 1 for Officer^.

CXi The Commissioners may revoke the Approval nt any! Tiifte- heretofore^ given, 6r "Commissioners

which may. at any Time hereafter be given, of any Warehouse for the warehousing of ^frr^v0^val

British Spirits; and upon such Revocation all Spirits deposited^in such Warehouse ehiillbe o/warehouses.

removed therefrom forthwith, or as the Commissioners shall direct, and no other Spirits shall be Svktfeihriu'sed thereto tnidef the Provisions of this Act, hnd no Abatinhefit 6t Diitjr or "X!, o: 1 !,

Allowance ri^all be mad^ in respect of the Spirits which indy be Contained to ^toh Ware- . i ,; .

hbltdd tit the1 Time of the Revocation for any 'Deficiency of the QnAniify dr Strength >

4herCo£ Which shall be occasioned or which shall 6cdur after NdticC of the ReVo^atWn shiill '

hd^e bbCn givCri to the Proprietor Of the Warehouse. ' 1 1 , l > ' t., \

ii-f- ' 7 Jt j. ff ., 1 . ., 1; : i, .; l!

; d OXI. -AiuJ^tmder and subject to the Provisions of this :Act; and* sUchi Regulations icrf the Spirits may be

Cdmmmsioners Iasi aforesaid, JDistiHera: may also-deposit* Spirits without Payntent of Butyrin

any general Warehouse provided by the Commissioners for that Pnrjtose; andlupbn dll ywide&by

SpiritSj deposited in such^ last-mentioned^ Ware^ous^ th^re shall be chargeable Wfr^hpuse th Commis-

Rent at, a Rate, to be fixed by the Commissioners, not e^ceediqg One Pepriy per Week for every(Forty Gallons of such Spirits, and po in proportion for any greater pr less iQuantity; - 7

and ^ucn Rent shall be paid to the Collector for t^ie Use of Her Majesty, and sha^jbe a,; T ';

f liiep ODj all the Spirits of th^ Distiller (Jeposited in such Warehouse.

lj GXII. Provided always, That the RettioVal of Spirits from a Distillery td any Waire- Removal of house under the Provisions of this Act shall be made under kiid Subject to such Regtilfitibhs hou^t^be^6* p apd 3c. 9U?ity as th^ Commissioners sha^lljpak^ and require respectively ipjthatj ) und^r '

; M CXilf. Tf Spirits watbhoused In kiy such Wnrdhdnse as *

destroyed by FirC, dr (he falling of such Warehouse or Uny Phrl^thCrCOf, pfCT ClaiW for be mi^tenoed J'Dehti!in(i{ Action or Suit, be made or brmiglit gainst Her Majesty, or^guinM ^the account of C^mmtsribners, or any Officer or Person employed by them; 'for any COnipcu^t^oh W 8troy^ir 7iDarfc(ageC by rCa^on of rfuOh Sjjiritte having been so destroyed, and nb; DtityifilmlFbe-tp2tidftbr Warehouse by iwy1 Spirits^odestroyed. 'v \ 1 \ it i, ? !:, ' , |t 71 n'r:/ \! <M" 1, i!t '; , ri' Fire>&c-

i xi l! in ii I- :l U - i *--: -ir... ) . .: n - ) ' I . i :*.. I . i i /* -in i*<i !/.

j ii< CX1/V-IA Diatalkf intendiag^to ^reUouee, SipiritashftU givte to theiOfficter«tu1v«jjriBglJiis Distillerto i DtotUlipy, and* (also ta the proper. Officer .surveying' the; \VrurfehoU£e< TwefttJ^fowr iHours give Notice of :/iN«tioe in Writing of eluch InteiHion, and also <xf the Day and Hour of the Dayi on i whvoh (he ^wM^hoIule l . intends, to tommeace the KooftovM Of such Spirits out, of hi& Stock to the Warthouse j: «(nd spirit*.

; j he

None to be removed into Warehouse without a Permit.

Officer to attend Removal of Spirits.

Officer at the Warehouse to take account of and give Receipts for Spirits warehoused.

Such Receipt to be delivered by Distiller to the Officer, who is to give Credit for the same in the Charge against Distiller.

Warehoused Casks to be numbered progressively.

Stowage of Casks In Warehouse to afford easy Access.

Spirits in Warehouse may be vatted, blended, or racked.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

he shall specify in such Notice, or in a further Notice to be given to the said Officers respectively, One Hour at the least before the Removal of the Spirits, the Mark, Number, and full Content in Gallons of each Cask which he intends to warehouse, and the Number, of Gallons and Strength of Spirits contained therein; and no Removal of Spirits shall be allowed without a Permit being first granted to accompany the same, nor shall any Removal take place except upon the Day mentioned in such Notice, nor be commenced at any Time* of the Day before the Hour of Eight in the Forenoon, or continued after the Hour of Three in the Afternoon.

CXV. The Officer to whom such Notice shall be given shall attend according thereto* and shall ascertain, in the Manner directed by the Commissioners, the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits in each Cask proposed to be removed, and shall compare the Marka and Numbers and the several Particulars on the Casks with the Marks, Numbers, and Particulars described in the Notice for the warehousing of such Spirits, and he shall continue in the Place where the Stock is kept until the whole of the Spirits, for the Removal of which Notice shall have been given, shall be removed., .

CXVI. Immediately on the Arrival of Spirits at the Warehouse, the proper Officer thereat shall take an Account of the Contents of every Cask in such Manner as may be ordered by the Commissioners, and of the Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and shall enter an Account thereof, with the Mark and Number of each Cask, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose; and after taking such Account as aforesaid he shall deliver ' to the Distiller a Certificate of the warehousing of the Spirits, in such Form and containing such Particulars as the Commissioners may direct; and such Certificate shall be forthwith delivered over by the Distiller to the Officer surveying his Distillery, who shall thereupon deduct from the Number of Gallons of Proof Spirits for which the Distiller shall then be chargeable with Duty for the next ensuing Payment the Number of Gallons computed at Proof so warehoused, aftd return the Charge of Duty against the Distiller to the Cdinmii-sioners, or the Collector, for the remaining Number of Gallons, which Return shall be a Charge against the Distiller accordingly; and the Officer shall annex to such Return the said Certificate as his Voucher for having made the Deduction.

CXVII. Upon the Outside of both of the Heads or Ends of every Cask of Spirits which, shall be warehoused by a Distiller under the Provisions of this Act, there shall be legibly cut, branded, or painted with Oil Colour the progressive Number of such Cask, according to the Number of Casks warehoused by the Distiller, and the Year when the same was warehoused, such progressive Numbers for every Distiller to begin with Number One on the First Day of January in each Year, and no Two or more Casks warehoused in the same Year by the same Distiller shall be marked with the same Number; and the Officer in charge of the Warehouse shall refuse to receive therein any Cask of Spirits not having cut, branded, or painted thereon all the several Particulars aforesaid and in the Manner required by this Act.

CXVriI All Casks of Spirits which shall be warehoused as aforesaid shall be arranged and stowed in the Warehouse in such Manner ns that Access may easily be had to every -Cask therein; and if any Distiller, or the Proprietor or Occupier of any Warehouse, .shall refuse or omit to cause all the Casks therein to be so arranged and stowed, he shall forfeit H the Sum of Five Pounds.

CXIX. Spirits deposited in a Warehouse without Payment of Duty may be vatted, blended, or racked in such Warehouse by the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirit? cithef upon Payment of the Duty thereon or otherwise, under such Regulations as the Commissioners may direct; but Duty shall be paid on any Deficiency exceeding the Rate allowed by this* Act as ascertained at the Time of vatting, blending, or racking, and also upon any Deficiency exceeding the Rate of One Half per Centum which shall occur during any such Of>eratiott; bu!t after the Duty shall have been paid on any Spirits, and a Portion thereof shall have been racked or drawn off from the Cask, no further Abatement or Allowance for Deficiency shall be made in respect of such Spirits for any further Period the same may remain in Warehouse.

CXX. In

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

CXX. In addition to all other Particulars required by this Act to be painted or marked on Casks containing Spirits there shall be legibly and distinctly painted or marked upon earfi Head of every Cask containing racked or blended Spirits the Words u Racked " or Blended," or such other Mark as the Commissioners may direct, and the same shall continue to be so painted or marked while the same shall remain in Warehouse on pain of the Proprietor of such Spirits forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any Neglect or Omission in this Behalf.

CXXI. The Proprietor of Spirits lodged in any Warehouse shall be allowed, in the Presence of the proper Officer, to view and examine such Spirits and shoxy the same for Sale, and to examine the State of the Casks, and to prevent Leakage or Drainage therefrom; and the Officer shall, when requested, attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose, but not oftener than once in Twenty-four Hours.

CXXII. A Distiller or Dealer may transfer Spirits deposited in his Name in a general Warehouse to a Purchaser, upon giving Notice in Writing of his Intention so to do to the Collector in whose Collection the Warehouse is situated; and upon such Notice being given, *nd no Objection made by the Collector, the Transfer may.be completed; and open an Order to transfer being endorsed on such Notice by the Distiller or Dealer, and delivered to the Officer in charge of the Warehouse, he shall forthwith transfer the Spirits so sold from the Name of the Proprietor to the Name of the Purchaser in the Book kept by such Officer; and all such Spirits shall after such Transfer be discharged from all Claim in respect of any Duties, Penalties, or Forfeitures to which the Distiller or Dealer from whpm such Transfer has been made may be liable; but no Spirits shall be delivered out of "Warehouse for Home Consumption until Payment shall be made of the full Duties of Excise chargeable thereon.

As to the Delivery of Spirits out of Warehouse for Consumption, or Exportation, or Ship's, , Stores, or for Metkylation, or to be re-warehoused.

CXXIII. Before any Spirits shall be delivered out of Warehouse for Consumption the full Duty of Excise chargeable thereon shall be paid to the Collector previously to the Removal thereof from the Warehouse, and the Collector shall give a Certificate of the Payment of such Duty; and upon the Production to the Officer surveying the Warehouse of such Certificate, and a Permit having been obtained, the Officer shall allow the Spirits mentioned in such Certificate and Permit to be so removed; and all such Spirits shall be conveyed to the Place of Destination mentioned in the Permit, and be delivered there in the same; Casks in which they were sent out of Warehouse.

CXXIV. Spirits deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid may be delivered thereout for Exportation without Payment of Duty; and when the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits shall be desirous of shipping the same for Exportation, he shall deliver to the Officer surveying the Warehouse, Twenty-four Hours at least before the Time when be intend^ tp ship the Spirits, a Notice in Writing specifying the Number of Casks and the Quantity of Spirits intended to be shipped, and specifying also the Timo when and the Port or Place at which the Distiller or Proprietor purposes to ship the Spirits, and the Name or Description and Destination of the Ship in which the Spirits are intended to be exported; and the Officer surveying the Warehouse may mark every Cask of such Spirits before the Delivery thereof for Exportation with such Mark as the Commissioners shall dirqoti: /: '

CXXVf Before any Spirits shall be delivered out of Warehouse for Exportation, the Distiller or Proprietor intending to export the same shall, with One or more Sureties to the Satisfaction of the proper Collector, give Bond to Her Majesty in such Sum as the Commissioners shall think fit; and such Bond shall be conditioned that the Spirits specified in the Notice shall be conveyed to the Quay where the Ship shall be lying, be put on board such Ship, and shall (the Danger of the Seas or Enemies excepted) be exported to and landed at the Port specified therein, without any Alteration in Quality qr Quantity (except such as may be occasioned by sudden and unavoidable Accident), and shall not be landed

at

445

Casks containing racked or blended Spirits to be marked.

Proprietor may view and show his Spirits in Warehouse.

Spirits deposited in a general Warehouse may be transferred, on Notice from the Distiller or Dealer, and entered and kept in the Name of the Purchaser.

Spirits not to be deliveired out till Duty paid.

No Spirits to be delivered for Consumption without Payment of Duty. On Production of Certificate of Payment, Spirits may be removed.

Spirits may be delivered out of Warehouse for Exportation without Payment of Duty. Notice of intended shipping to be given.

Bond to be given by Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits on Exportation.

On Production of Collector's Certificate, Spirits to be delivered with a Permit.

Commissioners may allow a Distiller to give a general Bond for the due Exportation of Spirits.

Warehoused Spirits may be shipped as Stores or used forMethylation without Payment of Duty.

Days and Hours of Removal from W arehouse.

Duty to be paid on Deficiency of Spirits in Warehouse.

Warehoused Spirits may be removed from one Warehouse to another.

Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits removed from one Warehouse to another may

23° & 24° VICTORIA), c. llf

at any other Plaee, nor reloaded in the United Kingdom; and the Collector or other proper Officer shall sign and give to the Distiller or Proprietor a Certificate of such Bond having been entered into; and upon Production of such Certificate to the Officer surveying the Warehouse, he .shall allow thcj Spirits to be removed, and grant a proper Permit for the same, and the Spirits shall be sent to the Quay where the Ship shall be lying, and be delivered, together with the Permit, into the Custody of the proper Officer of Customs there, in whose Care and Custody the Spirits shall remain until the same shall be shipped, and thereupon he shall certify on the Back of the Permit the Date of the shipping, the Name of the Ship, and the Quantity of Spirits at Proof actually shipped, and shall transmit such Permit to the Collector of the Excise Collection from which the Spirits were sent for Exportation.

CXXVI. Provided always, That the Commissioners may, if they think fit, take from any Distiller or Proprietor of Spirits willing to give the same a general Bond for the due Exportation of all Spirits delivered to him out of Warehouse for that Purpose; and such general Bond shall be taken with such Sureties, in such Amount, and under such Conditions as the Commissioners may direct or approve; and where a general Bond shall be so given the Commissioners, whilst they continue to be satisfied with the Security, may, as regards the Exportation of Spirits by such Distiller or Proprietor, dispense with the particular Bond herein-before directed to be given in that Behalf.

CXXVII. Spirits deposited in any such Warehovise as aforesaid may also be delivered thereout without Payment of Duty, in Casks containing not less thaq Nine Gallons in each Cask, for the Purpose of being shipped as Stores, and of being consumed upon any Outward and Homeward Voyage to or from Parts beyond the Seas; subject, nevertheless, to the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Securities required by any Act in force relating to the shipping of Rum as. Stores; and Spirits so deposited as aforesaid may be delivered for Methylation without Payment of Duty, t under such Security - and Regulations as the Commissioners may requirQ and cjirect,

CXXVIII. No Removal of Spirits from any such Geher^T Warehouse as aforesaid shall take place or commence before the Hour of Eight in the Morning* or continue after the Hour of Four in the Afternoonand no such Removal from any Distiller's Warehouse shall commence before the Hour of Six in the Morning, or continue after the Hour of Six in the Afternoon.

CXXIX. If the Quantity, computed at Proof* of the Spirits in any Cask lodged in a Warehouse shall, from any Cause, fall short of the Quantity so computed which was warehoused in such Cask (after deducting the Deficiency allowed!by this Act), the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits shall be liable to p:iy the full Duty for Home Consumption upon such Spirits for the Quantity found to be deficient (after such Deduction as aforesaid), and shall pay the same upon Deuiand, and before any Spirits belonging to him shall be permitted to be transferred to a Purchaser or taken out of the Warehouse, and all Spirits belonging to such Distiller or Proprietor then remaining in any Warehouse shall be subject to the Duty on the Quantity 60 deficient, and may be sold for Payment of the same and of other Charges, paying over the Surplus, if any, to the Distiller or Proprietor.

CXXX. Spirits deposited in any such Warehouse as aforesaid may, at the Desire and Risk of the Distilled or Proprietor thereof, he removed, undeE fruch Security ajrd/Regulations tis the Commissioners may from Time, to-Time direct* from the W^reho^sq in which the same are deposited to any other such W.urehouae (exCj3pt, a DistjlleJfs WwhQUse) ia aqy Part of the United Kingdom, and be there warehoused! in the Name of the Distiller or Proprietor. j 1 - i <r- i i .7Z/.a '

CXXXI. If aftqr any Spirits ^tuty removed from any Warehouse to be" deposited*in another Warehouse, without Payment of, Duty, on Arrival at, ancj before the same nave been actually deposited in such ljMt-mentioned Warehouse, ' tlm pist tiler or .Proprietor, shall make an Entry of such Spirit ^, or of somp Portion thereof not being less than a whole Cask, for Removal for Home Consumption, or to another ^arehouse than puch la^t-meritioi>ed

..... ', (/ /Warehouse,

15.

2$« kt '24'VibTftHlW<s. H4.-

447 '

Warehouse, or for Exportation, or for the Purpose of being used as Ship's Stoics, the Spirits make fresh of which such further Entry is made shall lie considered as virtually and Constructively Kntrywthe warehoused in such hist-mentioned Warehouse, although not actually deposited therein, tind actually may be delivered and permitted to be removed for Home Consumption, or to another Wire- deposited, house, or for Exportation, or for the Purpose of being used as Ship's Stores, ad if the same had been delivered from Warehouse.

Allowance# for Deficiencies in Spirits warehoused and on Spirits lost pr destroyed.

CXXXII. Upon the Delivery from Warehouse of any British Spirits warehoused without Payment of Duty, and which have not been racked or blended, the proper

Allowances for Deficiencies of

Officer shall allbw and deduct from the Quantity computed at Hydrometer Proof as warehouse. originally warehoused, as an Allowance for any Deficaenay. which may have t arisen from natural Waste, the following Rates for every One hundred Gallons of such Spirits; that is tojfciy, r ' -

; Whcro the same shall have been in Warehouse: r For a Period of Three Days and less than Seven Days, One Quarter of a Gallon:

Seven Days and less than Fourteen Days, Otfe*Half of a Gallon:

Fourteen Days and less than Twenty-one Pays, Three Fourths of a Gallon:

Twenty-one Days and up to One Calendar Month, One Gallon: r ]

: And vwHere such Spirits shall have been in Warehouse for a Period exceeding One Calendar Month, then the Officer shall allow and deduct the actual Deficiency thei In to ari Extent hot exceeding the following Rates, and the aforesaid Rate of Allowance for One Calendar Month; that is to say, ' L:

j, For every Calendar Month and any fractional Part of a Month after the First Month and up to Seven Months, One Half of a Gallon: /

And for every Calendar Month and any fractional Part of a Month above Seven Months; and, V)p to Jhree Yearp, One Quarter of a Gallon: .

And forqvery Calendar Month and anyfractional Part ofa Month above Three Years - and up/to.Six Ypfvrs, OnpEighth Part of a Gallon: .

-Ani ^prpyery P^riodoflNvo Calendar Months after Six Years* and up to; Tcn Years,

One Eighth Part of a Gallon:

And no Allowance shall be made for any Deficiency which may arise in such Spirits after ^hesdtne shall have been Ten Years in Warehouse.

: CXXXIIIj When racked or blended Spirits shall be delivered from Warehouse it shall 1>e lawful for the proper Officer to allow and deduct from the Quantity of such Spirits, ais ascertained immediately after the racking or blending thereof, any* actual Deficiency not greater than after the Rate of One Quarter per Centum for every Calendar Month the Spirits sihall remain in Warehouse after being racked and blended tip t to lw© Years, and after 3P#© Years not exceeding the additional Rate of One Eighth Part of a per Centum

f6» overy Ctfendar Montii up to Five Years; and no Allowance shall be made for any Deficiency which may arise in such list-mentioned Spirits after the sanote shall have been j Five Yeap ip Warehouse.

another been ih

Deficiencies to be allowed, on Delivery of racked or blended Spirits from Warehouse.

CXiXXIV. Any Spirits whiph shall be removed from one Excise Warehouse to:

sfullf* 'for the! Purpose of any such Allowances as aforesaid, be deemed to have ^Wa^ehouse during the Period deeupied by the Renfoval. i: i j

JO i '>!U »') / ); : i lit- I »-i . >/ ., i > .i .:/) ii *.» ? , ./1

CXXXV. For the Purpose of ascertaining the Quantity of Spirits contained ip. a Ca^k r^y ^yeighiing ^he same, the Table in Schedule (B.) annexed to this Act shall be Referred to ^'an4 used in connexion, with 'Sykes's Jlydromefqr; and Spirits "which shall iiidrCate' on ^uch

Spirits to be" deemed in ' Warehouse during their Kemovul.

Table in Schedule (B.) annexed. to be used ip sscer-f tainiag the Quantity of Spirits in a Cask by weighing &e same.

448

Duty on Spirits or Wash, &e. lost or destroyed by Fire or other Accident to be remitted.

Distiller may warehouse Spirits for Exportation or for Ship's Stores in Customs Warehouses.

Spirits In a Distillery Store or deposited in Excise Warehouses may be removed to Customs Warehouses.

Distiller may add sweetening or colouring Matter to Spirits in Customs Warehouse.

British Spirits re-imported may be deposited in a general Warehouse.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

shall be deemed to give the true Quantity of Spirits contained in such Cask, in Gallons and Decimal Parts of a Gallon.

CXXXVI. If Spirits be lost or destroyed by Fire, or other unavoidable Accident, while the same are deposited in the Spirit Store of a Distillery, or in any such Warehouse as aforesaid, or whilst being received into or delivered out from such Store or Warehouse, or whilst being removed under Bond on Shipboard, or in the shipping or landing of the same, or if Spirits or Wash in any Distillery shall be lost or destroyed in manner aforesaid, the Commissioners, on Proof of such Loss or Destruction to their Satisfaction, shall remit the Duty payable or paid in respect of the Spirits or Wash so lost or destroyed.

As to warehousing Spirits in Customs Warehouses for Exportation or Ship's Stores.

CXXXVII. A Distiller may warehouse for Exportation, or for Ship's Stores only, Spirits distilled by him, without Payment of the Duty of Excise thereon, in any Warehouse approved of by the Commissioners of Customs for that Purpose, according to the Regulations in force for the warehousing of Goods in such Warehouse, and under and subject to the same Rules, and Abatement on account of Deficiency in the Quantity or Strength of such Spirits, as are made in the Case of any other Spirits whilst in a Customs Warehouse; and the proper Officer of Customs at such Warehouse shall give to the Distiller a Receipt for such Spirits, upon the same being duly removed by Permit from the Distillery to the Warehouse and deposited therein, specifying the Numbers of the different Casks, with their Gauge, and the Quantity and Strength of the Spirits contained in them, the Day of the Month and Year when the Spirits were so warehoused, and any Mark which may have been put on the Casks by the Distiller for distinguishing the Spirits as his Property; and such Receipt shall be delivered over, within a reasonable Time, by the Distiller to the Officer in charge of his Distillery, who shall give to the Distiller a Copy thereof signed by the Officer; and upon the Delivery of such Receipt, and not before, such Officer shall deduct from the Number of Gallons of Spirits with which the Distiller is then chargeable the Number of Gallons so warehoused, and return the Charge of Duty against the Distiller to the Collector upon the remaining Number of Gallons, which Return shall be a Charge against the Distiller accordingly; and the Officer shall annex to such Return the said Receipt as his Voucher for having made the Deduction; and if any Distiller or other Person shall produce a Receipt for Spirits deposited as aforesaid which shall be untrue in any of the Particulars therein mentioned he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

CXXXVIII. Spirits in any Store at a Distillery or deposited in any Warehouse approved of by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, without Payment of the Duty of Excise thereon, may be removed, for Exportation or for Ships Stores, or to any Warehouse approved of tfy the Commissioners of Customs for that Purpose, under such Regulations and Security as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and of Customs respectively may from Time to Time appoint, the Duty upon Deficiencies in such Spirits being first paid to the proper Collector on Removal from the Excise Warehouse.

CXXXIX. A Distiller who has deposited Spirits in a Customs Warehouse may, on giving One Day's Notice to the proper Officer of Customs, add to such Spirits aAy sweetening or colouring Matter, under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs may direct, and no Spirits so coloured or sweetened shall be removed to any other Warehouse, but shall be exported or shipped as Stores directly from the Warehouse in which they are then deposited.

CXL. Upon the Re-importation into the United Kingdom of any Plain British Spirits, and the issuing of a Bill of Store for the same under the Authority and Regulations of the Commissioners of Customs, and on Repayment of the Allowances granted on the Exportation thereof, it shall be lawful for the Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits to deposit the same in any general Warehouse, under and subject to the Provisions of this Act; and afterwards upon the Delivery from Warehouse of such Spirits it shall be lawful to deduct and allow from the Quantity warehoused any actual Deficiency which may have arisen,

to

449

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

to on Extent not exceeding the Allowance to be made under this Act in respect of Blended Spirita

CXLI. A licensed Rectifier may, under such Regulations as the Commissioners may direct, warehouse, for Exportation or for Ship's Stores, in any Warehouse approved for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Customs, Spirits by him rectified or compounded from Spirits on which the Duties of Excise have been charged and paid, although such Spirits may be sweetened, or may be Spirits to which any colouring Matter has been added; and the Strength of such sweetened or coloured Spirits as denoted by Sykes's Hydrometer shall be deemed to be the true Strength thereof; and such sweetened or coloured Spirita shall be subject to all the Rules and Regulations relating to the Removal and warehousing of Spirits.

CXLII. All rectified or compounded Spirits to be warehoused in such Customs Warehouse as aforesaid, other than Spirits of Wine, shall be of a Strength not more than Eleven per Centum over Proof, and Spirits of Wine shall be of a Strength not less than Forty-three per Centum over Proof as denoted by Sykes's Hydrometer; and all rectified or compounded Spirits to be so warehoused shall be contained in Casks of not less than Twenty Gallons Content, every Cask marked on each End thereof in Letters or Figures legibly cut, branded, or painted with Oil Colour thereon, with the Mark or Number of such Cask, and with the full Content thereof in Gallons, and with the true Number of Gallons and the true Strength of the Spirits contained therein, every such Cask being full, or on Ullage of One Gallon or Two Gallons, and not otherwise, at the Time of sending the Spirits from the Rectifying House to the Warehouse; and all Spirits when so removed shall be accompanied with a lawful Certificate, otherwise the same shall be forfeited, and the Rectifier or Compounder so removing the same shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalties,

CXLIII. Before rectified or compounded Spirits shall be received into such Customs Warehouse, a Warehousing Entry for Exportation only shall be passed for the same, specifying the Particulars of the Spirits as set forth in and upon the Certificate accompanying the same, and the Name of the Rectifier and of the Place where the Rectifying House is situated from which the Spirits were sent; and after the Spirits have been duly examined and warehoused by the proper Officer of Customs at such Warehouse, he shall deliver to the Rectifier or Compounder a Receipt, specifying the Marks, Number, and Content in Gallons of the several Casks received into such Warehouse, the Strength of each as denoted by Sykes's Hydrometer, and the total Number of Gallons at Proof received with such Certificate; and such Customs Officer shall forthwith despatch to the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which the Rectifying House is situated a Certificate, setting forth the Name of the Rectifier or Compounder and of the Place where the Rectifying House is situated, the Mark, Number, and Content in Gallons of the several Casks, the Strength and Description of the Spirits in each, and the total Number of Gallons at Proof received with such Certificate; and the Collector to whom such Certificate is sent shall, on receiving Three Days Notice of the Time when Payment is required, and upon Production to him of the Receipt before mentioned, pay to the Rectifier or Compounder named in the Certificate, or to any Person authorized on his Behalf, a Drawback of the Duties of Excise chargeable upon the like Quantity of Spirits computed at Proof, together with the Allowances granted by this Act in respect of the said Spirits.

CXLIV. A Rectifier or Compounder warehousing Spirits may, on giving One Day's Notice to the Officer of Customs in charge of the Warehouse, add to the Spirits any sweetening or colouring Matter, or any other Ingredient that he may think proper, subject, nevertheless, to such Regulations and Restrictions as the Commissioners of Customs may make from Time to Time; and no such Spirits, after any Matter or Ingredient has been added as aforesaid, shall be removed to any other Warehouse for Exportation or for Ships Stores, but shall be removed for such Purpose directly from the Warehouse in which the same are then deposited on board the Vessel in which they are to be exported or used as Stores, under the Laws and Regulations of the Customs.

3 L 2 CXLV. AH

Rectified or compounded Spirits may be deposited in Customs Warehouses.

Strength of rectified or compounded Spirits to be deposited in Customs Warehouses, and Regulations as to Casks, Permits, &c.

Rectified or compounded Spirits to be entered for Warehouse and Officer of Customs to give Receipt for the same, and transmit a Certificate to the Collector of Excise, who is to pay a Drawback of the Duty on the Spirits.

Rectifiers or Compounders warehousing Spirits may, on giving Notice, add sweetening or colouring Matter to the same.

450

Rectified or compounded Spirits so -warehoused may be sent Coastwise for Exports tion, &c.

British Spirits deposited in a Customs Warehouse may be used as Foreign or Colonial.

Penalty on Distiller, &c. fraudulently opening Warehouses, or gaining Access to Spirits.

Denominations of Spirits of different Dittil-lations, British Compound^ &c.

i I t-.

i

Mixtures manufactured from Spirits which have not paid the Duty of Exolse;

. o! f'r/h »

Pvoof of Spirits bring smch asi desceibedin* the<Pieamffror> Certificate to lie on the Owner.

* «" i

. i

J /. ': <i)(\ i t M.J j; 'I

Vfr & 244 VlWOklM c. 114.

CXLV. All rectified or compounded Spirits so warehoused, 4*) which no sweetening or colouring Matter has been added in Warehouse* may be removed froiq cpe vjare^ou^9g Port to another for Exportation, or for Ships Stores only, subject, tq t^/Reg}ii|ttipfls and to thp Laws and Regulations of 'the Customs relating, to ^iu?h ^napyals of Qm^s, tbut no §qch Spirits shall Readmitted to Entry for Home Consumption* ' ', , ' t, t,

CXLVI. Any British Spirits which Shall have been dbpefeitOd i& ftCuStotns Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act may be used in such Warehouse for fortifying Wines* or for any other Purpose to which Foreign oti Colonial Spirits m»ay bO applied ^uudeif the Laws or Regulations Of the Customs. " ' r 1 1 ^; 1 >

. i ,; ... >; i; . L. .: .1 .\, i rr>

As tofraudulent Access*to Spirits in Warehousef *j '

t ., / \j <.

CXLVII. If a Distiller, or Proprietor of Spirits warehoused in $ny Warehouse without Payment of Duty, shall by any Means fraudulently open such Warehouse or gain Access to the Spirits contained therein, he shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and if after Spirits have been deposited in any Warehouse, and before their actual Removal therefrom for Home Consumption pr for Exportation, or for the Purpose of being shipped as Stores, such Spirits shall be altered in Quality, Quantity, or Strength, .except from natural Causes* or otherwise than as provided by tin? Act, or by tRe Rules and wgiilatiops of the Commissioners in such respect, all such Spirit?, and the CasRs containing &e'^me, shall be forfeited, and the Person whose Name the same are ^epo sited shall forfeit* aver and above all other Penalties, double the Amount of Duties chargeable on the like ^uantijy of Spirits computed at Proof. l1 ' 'J '

. v. r .; -i,; i .s)

.< JDenominatums of British Spirits tend Compvicwdg.1 / i / )-m

CXLVIII. AH Spirits distilled or made in J^ngt^nd^Scotland, Of Treldnit shcdl^ ie (cleemea and called British Spirits; and Spirits of the First Extraction dmWri o^'prpad bjr One1 Distillation of Wash, and conveyed into any Low Wines Received shall bedecked Rnd called Lo\y Wines; and Spirits conveyed into any Feints Receiver be fleeihM And called Feints; and all other Spirits which shall not have hrid any Flavour eommuhicit^d thereto , iind all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed or mingled with janV such Spirit, shall'bb deeijned iina called Plain British Spirits; and all Spirits winch shrill naVd bad^any Flrivdur dortimindqated thereto, and all Liquofs whatsoever which shall bem&eJ '6f With riny such Spirits, shall be deemed a British Compound called British IJrandy V &na ml Spirits which shall have been re-distilled or mixed with Juniper Berries, CrirraWay SeOas, Aniseeds, mr way other Seedsj Preparation, or Ingredient whatsoever thssponippand-

ing pfi Spirits, and all Liquors whatsoever which shall be mixed; i or; mmglndulv^th a^y such (Spirits, shall be deemed and called British Compounds; and: all iBri^HSpirita/of the; Strength of Forty-three per Centum above; Proof as denoted by ^fe^ HydrpmeJ^r, imd, all Spirits of a greater1 or higher Degree of Strength, except Spirits ?inta; Distillers Stank, pr in a, Duty-free Warehouse, shall bn deemed»and , called. Spirits; of .Wine: Provided always, that, in addition to the Denomination of Spirits of different Distillations, the Word " Spirits " shall include and mean all Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, or Commodities into the Manufacture of which Spirits enter as the Pori*!: .Qfnjpfffnpal Ingredient, in all Cases in which the Duty, of Excise shall not ]Rave been paid upon the 'Sprits' frdm1 at ts^tli Vliicli such Miittires. yonipoUnds! Pr^parati6ns|, Or CorRmodlny nave Imkhdlhcttired; rind if any Question shall arise whether any.j&frlis '

Pprinit Certificate krz bonAjide such British Spirits, Flam British ^pirit ^, J6r jjffllijfh ComRonpds bf any particular Sor£ or Kind, 6t Spirits' of lYine resppPtiye'ly, as Rre^dWBrii ririd SRbpifiefl ip fne Permit or Certificate accompanying tRri same* 6r gi*aiited fbrxHR RefAiwld thereof hltnougR such Spirits, shall^ dppear to hav^ jbeen' kept ] account of'lh tReDfifOTPs (Bobks or Account of Stock from which the Spirits1 were removed by the ^ihn. JSai3iSI8r Description as is specified in the Permit or Certificate, the Proof that such Spirits Ji(fe; oC the Sorfi, specified in the Permit errliSbM1^ {O^rn^ w thereof yho shallipmvertRe by the, Oaths.of .Tvw^redibfc WpfoGfflff

ib^i»g ft^ilfwltwA e^pqri^ped to dicyot by.Ex^inftdbn itatfOf<bua ui

ffl

m

, :; i iA*\to fiect&fefs <wi Cms^; */ 'jy ) i->r -

CXLlX/lf any R&<Hifler br Compcrttnder keeping or using a Still' 6hali14iave ih his Penalty x>n Possession an Jr Wort; T^ash, ' or other fermented'^C[110^ Or Materials prepared dr fit fiir the Purpose or 6&pahlie bf beitig diitilled i^to TiW Wines 6t Spirits, of if any Rectifier or havi^iMr Compounder whatever shall distil br'efctradt any LoW Wines or Spitfts fh>m Wort, Wash, Possession any Wine, or otbprt fermented: I^uoriQr into

Stock; to beiTOQtffied.of ecwpwudefij pr shall haveivbis Possession any Spirit^ whatsoever gam? into Low without haiviflgtreeeiyed au4n4eJiy^Fed tethoprop^ m Certificate Wines or Spi-

with and for the same, or any Foreign or Colonial Spirits, e*pept for the PwqppSP.of being j^spi^eiv rectified or compounded, and sold by such Rectifier or Compounder as and for Spirits of without a legal Wine or British compounded Spirit *, such Rectifier or Compounder shall (over and beside Pennit. all other Penalties and Forfeitures) forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Wort, Wash, Wine, or other fermented Liquor or Materials, or of the Low Wines or Spirits so distilled as aforesaid, or of the Spirits received without being accompanied with a true and legal Permit or Certificate delivered to the proper Officer as aforesaid, or of the Foreign or Colonial Spirits, as the Case may be, at the Election of thp Commissioners or of the Person who shall prosecute for such^Penalty t; and the Liccnpe of every Rectifier or Compounder who sfydl be a Second Time' convicted^of any such Offence'as aforesaid shall thereupon be deemed void, and ^ectifiur or Compounder shall not bp capable of receiving any further or renewed Licence as , aj'Rectifier or Compounder for the Ppnod o^ Three I ears from 'the Date of such Second Conviction. J '* > ' (,

CL. No Rectifier or Compounder shall have any Opening, fixed Pipe, or other Con- Rectifiers or veyance whatever leading sto u)ny Stillbelonging to^or usedl>y him, except One charging ^Jn0^8

§J, o ysi, cfo ^tilJLo* gh^l havp any Opening, fixed Pipp, or other, C on^eymoo, whatever jHi^g&c.to n^ from Still, exceptj the Discharge Cock belonging to each Stijl, and ^tnp ^Jeud of their Stills not (..'^ttljf ^ijmiifating in the Worm?; and proper Locks and Fastenings shall be presided for prpperiy apd sufficiently locking and securing the Charge and Discharge Cock of every otVenmlty.

S^ujpse^ by a.Iiectper or Compounder, which Docks and Fastenings shall be locked apa sepure^ hytbp prpper Cfficer, and shall remain at\vays so locked and secured when the Still $ at1 ^worjk; pud pnyj Rectifier or Compounder who shall have , apy Opening, fixed pipe, or (, pbUYoyance foot before excepted) leading tp or from such Still, or shall prevent or 'jmi^r tnp Ofl&ger froip^ affixing any Lock or Fas^ehipg as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of

tw9.Wn4redVoun(l8. .; V.-

!©Illj«Thd: Discharge Cookbelonging toeveryStill of i Rectifier or Compounder shhll Regulations as ShplaCed in1'the Body of the Still as that the Officers may have free and convenient J^ing fhereto?valid for that Purpose the Discharge Cock shall be continued in a Straight charge Cock in Ldne fron» the Body of the Still to which it is fixed, and shall not project mote than Three the Body of the Fe<rt tMensfrbm, nof iftere^ than JUighteon Inches from the Brickwork or othej^ Materials ^fier o^cSn1-Whci^od the Still is erected 5 and if any Rectified or Compounder shall have1 a Still in Which pounder, the Discharge Cock shall be placed otherwise than as herein directed, or if he shall in any other respect offend in any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, he shall forfeit the Sum of Cine hundred Pounds.

CijitL wiieneiver a Rectifier or Compounder shall be desirous to have the Furnace .Door Notice to thei

.%? a Fire lighted, under the Still.he shall; : ', Bye to proper,

>WW?r-i# Jy^tingf/Twe]y(e Hours at least before the particulur T*n$ \yftenhe D«ov^a 8tHl

idM; ip .have 'th« Fire lightedand if thp Reotifier pr Compounder shall not have a Fine ofa Rcdtier^r vjflSSF,; spcK wlj1 nrtb'^ T-ipc ip'eqtionei in suet ^o^ce, or within, twp, Jjtoute °!^dep'!

Notice, shall fie deemed to be null apa yoi^unql ne shafi be obfigpdtfp ^ptjee fpre 'O^ce^ sha)l (bp^d, io' oppn the Fpjrua^ce, pfopp; ^f

il^w- U ill h; nflJ; ui r>'l i-cj n: . ' j ' ' - r- -, l f f nI

0111 :! The I Officer; sholP attend*' agi^eeably to1 eubh Notibe, "or within One Hout Ufte^ the Directions

Tiitto*thoreiki meritibried^apd rfMaH open theiFifrtiaee Ddor of' the Strll'ihehtibtifed in such Wothie y but1 ho; uHaU; nbt dn Uny Preteneo open tHo FutUttee ' Dbbr* Of1 any Stifl tentSnce lor, t which

opening the Furnace Door.

Officer to open Locks and Fastenings for cleaning or repairing Utensils.

Rectifiers or Compounders to charge their Stills as herein directed, and work them off within the Time herein limited.

Officers may take Still Gauges and Samples of Liquor; and if they discover Wash mixed with Low Wines Rectifier is liable to Penalty.

Rectifiers or Compounders to cause the Heads of their Stills to be taken off so soon as the same shall cease to be worked.

Officers to take account of the Stocks of Rectifiers and Compounders as often as they may think fit, and if any Excess or Deficiency be found, Forfeiture and Penalty shall be incurred.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

which shall not be fully charged, nor until he has examined the Contents of the Stall, and seen the Head thereof actually put on, and ready to be locked down; and the Officer, when attending on Notice at the Stillhouse of a Rectifier or Compounder, shall not be obliged to continue more than One Hour at any One Time; and if the Rectifier or Compounder shall not within that Time have charged the Still mentioned in such Notice, and have put on the Head thereof ready to be locked down, he shall be obliged to give another like Notice before the Officer shall attend again to open the Furnace Door of such StilL

CLIV. Provided always, That whenever it shall be found necessary to have any Look or Fastening opened for the Purpose of cleaning, repairing, or amending any Vessel, Utensil, Cock, Pipe, Pump, or other Article belonging to a Rectifier or Compounder, and required by Law to be locked and secured, the Officer shall, on receiving a written Request for that Purpose, open the same for all the Time the Workmen shall be actually employed in cleaning, repairing, or amending it, but he shall lock and secure every Still Head, Discharge Cock, and Furnace Door belonging to the Still every Night, as soon as the Workmen so employed shall leave off their Work; and the Officer shall attend at Six o'Clock every Morning whilst the Repairs are being done, in order to open the Still Head, Discharge Cock, and Furnace Door.

CLV. Every Rectifier or Compounder shall, before beginning to draw off Sprits from any Still, charge the same with a Quantity of Liquor in the Proportion of not less than Seven Parts in Ten of the whole Quantity of Liquor which the Still, including the Head, is capable of containing, and the Still shall remain and continue so charged until the Rectifier or Compounder shall begin to draw off Spirits therefrom; and every Still shall be worked off within Sixteen Hours, to be computed from the Time of the Officer's taking the Gauge thereof; and if any Rectifier or Compounder shall begin to draw off Spirits from any Still not so charged, or shall not work off the same within the Time herein limited, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CLVI. The Officers, whenever they deem it necessary, after any Still belonging to a Rectifier or Compounder is charged, and before the same has begun to work, shall take Still Gauges of all Liquore of any Kind whatsoever which shall be in such Still, ami thqy shall also be at liberty to take Samples of such Liquors, as well before the Still has begun to work as after it is worked off; and if any Officer shall discover in a Still belonging to a Rectifier or Compounder any Wine or Wash put into or mixed with any Low Wi*4, Feints, or Spirits, the Rectifier or Compounder shall, over and above all other Penalties, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

CLVII. Every Rectifier or Compounder shall take off the Head of any Still (unless the Head is soldered or permanently fixed to the Body of the Still) when and so soon as the Still shall have ceased to be worked, and the Head of the Still snail in no Case, nor on any Account, be put thereon until the Still shall be again charged and ready to work, nor shtul any Still be again worked until the Officer shall nave examined the Quality of the Spirits therein; and if any Rectifier or Compounder shall neglect to take off the Head from a Still as hereby required, within Twelve Hours after the Still shall have ceased to be worked, or shall put the Head on any Still before such Still shall be charged and ready to work, or shall work any Still before the Officer shall have examined the Quality of the Spirits therein, the Rectifier or Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CLVIII. Any Officer shall, as often and at such Times as he may think fit, take an Account of the Quantity and Strength of all Spirits in the Stock or Possession of any Rectifier or Compounder, and compute the same at the Strength of Hydrometer Proof J ofcd if after making Allowance for the Spirits for which Certificates shall have been granted since the last Account taken of the Stock of such Rectifier or Compounder, computing the same at the Strength aforesaid, it shall be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in his Stock or Possession shall exceed the Quantity for which he shall appear to be debited or charged in the Books of the proper Officer, whether such Charge or Debit shall httVfc arisen from what was on hand at the last preceding Account taken, or from what may have been

453

afterwards added.

Rectifier or Compounder receiving Spirits not to break Bulk before the Officer to whom Notice shall be given take an Account of the Strength and Quantity.

23T& 24p VICTORIES, c. 114.

been lawfully received subsequently thereto, such Excess shall be deemed to be Spirits illegally received, and a Quantity of Spirits equal to such Excess may be seized by any Officer out of any Part of the Stock of such Rectifier or Compounder; and the Rectifier or Compounder in whose Stock or Possession such Excess shall be found shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Excess; and if there be any Decrease in such Stock not duly accounted for by Spirits sent out with Certificate, and exceeding Five per Centum on the Balance or Stock left on hand at the last preceding Account, together with the Quantity since lawfully received, the Rectifier or Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Deficiency.

CLIX. And if any Still of a Rectifier or Compounder shall happen to be charged and Spirit* pro-at work at the Time when any Officer shall take account of his Stock, then all the Spirits produced from that Charge of the Still shall be kept separate and apart from the Remainder when Stocks of the Stock till the Account of the Remainder shall have been completely taken, after be

which the Spirits produced from that Charge shall be added to the Stock.

CLX. No Rectifier or Compounder receiving Spirits into his Possession shall break Bulk or draw off any Part thereof, or add Water or anything thereto, or in any respect alter the same, or tap or open any Cask so received, or alter or change any Package containing Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, until the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof; and every Rectifier or Compounder shall on the Receipt of any Spirits give Notice thereof to the proper Officer, and shall deliver to him the Permit received with the Spirits, and thereupon the Officer shall attend and take an Account of the Strength and Quantity of such Spirits; and if any Rectifier or Compounder who shall receive Spirits into his Possession shall fail to give such Notice, and deliver such Permit as aforesaid, or shall break Bulk, or draw off any Part of such Spirits, or add Water or anything thereto, or in any respect alter the same, or tap or open any Cask, or alter or change any Package containing Spirits, or the Spirits therein removed, before the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of the Strength and Quantity thereof, all such Spirits, or a Quantity equal thereto, shall be forfeited, and may be seized out of any Part of the Stock of such Rectifier or Compounder, and he shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; but if the proper Officer shall neglect to attend, for the Purpose 'Of taking such Account as aforesaid, within One Hour after receiving such Notice, no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred by the Rectifier or Compounder for any such Offence.

CLXI. Where the Strength of any Part of the Stock of a Rectifier or Compounder, by being mixed or compounded with Sugar, Syrup, Seeds, Fruit, or any other Ingredient or Material, cannot be ascertained by the Hydrometer, he shall immediately, or on being required by any Officer, cause the true Quantity and Degree of Strength of the Spirits so mixed to be legibly marked on the Outside of the Cask or Vessel containing the same; and if the Quantity or Degree of Strength of such Spirits shall be found to have been untruly marked on the Outside of the Cask or Vessel, or if the Rectifier or Compounder shall, upon being required by the Officer, neglect immediately to mark the Quantity and Degree of Strength of such Spirits, or shall not continue such Mark until all the Spirits in such Cask or Vessel shall be removed and taken therefrom, such Spirits, Syrup, Seeds, Fruit, and other Ingredients, together with the Casks and Vessels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and the Rectifier or Compounder shall also forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

CLXII. A Rectifier or Compounder may lawfully sell and send out, accompanied with a lawful Certificate, any Quantity, not being less than Two Gallons, of compounded Spirits, at any Strength not exceeding Twenty-five per Centum over Hydrometer Proof, and any Quantity not being less than Two Gallons of Spirits of Wine; and if any Plain British Spirits or any Foreign or Colonial Spirits not being Spirits of Wine, or if any other Spirits not being compounded Spirits, or if any compounded Spirits, except by Permit, or with a Certificate, and of such Strength as aforesaid, and not being less than Two Gallons at any One Time, shall be sold or sent out by any Rectifier or Compounder contrary hereto, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all such Spirits, with the Casks or other

Packages

Rectifiers or Compounders to mark the Quantity and Strength of mixed or compounded Spirits on the Casks containing the same.

At what Strength and in what Quantities Rectifiers and Compounders may send out compounded Spirits and Spirits of Wine.

?i 240 m.

Packages containing the same, and all Horses, Cattle, Carriages, j«4, Bgat^ mpe .nec of in 'rieiWWftg sl^cK Serifs, shdf Vils'9 be forfeited! ' ' . (i.t "i!, , ' j, \ j

v , ,; :; , I > , V T

Strength, ^? tl> CLXIII. Spirits of Wine shall be made and kept of the Strength of Forty-three per WineVbe 43 Centum over Hydrometer Proof at the lea-t, and the true Strength of Spirits of Wine shall Der^en^t «n'^ expressed in the Certificate granted for the Removal thereof, and shall be taken account Yroqfcq.t flic of l.»v the Officer in the Stock of every Rectifier or Compounder according to the act ual ex^Mcdl^ Strength thereof; and if any Spirits of Wine shall be kept or removed of less Strenuth ^ian aforesaid, or be mixed with Foreign Wine, or shall be removed without a Cer-j . , v'i lificate expressing the true Strength thereof, such Spirits of Wine shall be forfeited, »ro e K <f. and the Rectifier or Compounder shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

As to Dealers and Retailers.

Dealers and Retailers to make Entry of Premises and UteMrito.

[Junk removed.]

British Spirit#* may be kept and sent out of Stock by Dealers or Retailers.

Casks used by Dealers and Retailers in Stock or for delivering out Spirits to have the true Content marked thereon.

Dealers and Retailers to mark the true Strength and Quantity of compounded Spirits on their Casks.

[Junk removed.]

B vrt

Penalty on Retailer not licensed as a Dealer sending out Spirits to a Rectifier, &c*.

CLXIV. Every Dp$d(*r tmd Ro^ilojc respectively fchall raake a true and particular Entry in Writing signed by him of every Building, Room, or other Place, and of every Vessel or Utensil, and of all standing or fixed Casks intended to be used by him for the keeping of Spirits, and such Ewtny shall bd made by delivering the frame to the proper officer; iihd , GY$ry Such BuUdu ^, 'Biooin, Plju3e^ Vessel, Utensil, and Ctisk shall be distingtrish^df liy a jjpvtfoqkiivLetteror Number, and shall bp described in such* Entry by a eorV^ApdhcRfig ^UPrfop-XlumbeDr:< .

r CtiJXy* No pealef 6r Retailer shfill recede or have, in or send out from lijs Stock .W ^Pb^e^sion anjf British Spirits Vexcept Spirits of Wine) of any Sfrpngth exceeding! fhatjajt Which li<&hs<kf Distillers! au3 Rectifiers can sei*d out Spirits of the like penouiiimtioui their Stock ot Possession ^, or any Spiiits of Wipe jof less Strei^gfh'thau jporty-th^ <pw Ely drome ter Proof, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds V*\\ Spirit ^, and the Casks find Packages, containing the same, reepivedfhad, of s^nt out copti^jrj

*wi|XvT odt

h iCIjXVJt llfwnlsouae conspicuous Part oferary standing or "fired (Wku£ed b^ fetijr Dealer or/Rteta^ernfob holding Spirits in Stdckfand on tire CWteUe (>if both of th^ Wtwft qr dind* of every ' robing or ma veabie Cask-used byhirft for keeprrig br delivering oot SpirttSl tlwce ^hftll be(legibly painted with Oil ^Colour, ' ok1 ontor branded, - the Ml'and trie pfl iGalloqa Mrbicli the G»*k is icipible of 'bontalning!; and every sticli Oflsk which f§P^Vlthout )Maving th4> Ml !awl truo Number of OaHoris !Which the1 fetime! is ftkjkhbW"'^ tw>huning »t bCandod, :or jointed thereoh as atfotesnid shall; Wgethef with thkt

, QPtaj«fcd: therein, bd forfeited, and the Dialer'dr. Ketaile'r bhail oliso forfeit' the Sum oP'Fifty ^owmIs; foiiietreii^sock-Gaskti '" 1, 1; : ' V'lnul#

d- :srt/i 10 /i-di-dl .(lilii'jfiii yur,

CL^ytj. In. fil\ Cstges yyl^ero. the true jiitpeflgtji, «|f aay.Pari, of tl> Stodtdof Spiritsofnh Dealer cjr^'etpji^rj.byi qping pi^d^r.opinpQliBdsd with SughryiSyrupvSeed^ Vnw^Srxhnjfi other^I^jrcdiqnt, or Mat«; {pJ»; oanupt bo ^geerbunpd i}y !^f*'a Hydeometier, theiJjWenftfi Retailer |6b(dl, inipjeniot^y; .W ibc^g required sp ftp, -do byl tiny- Oflw^lki-4tMW0i Quantity and Degree of Stjrpngtb of. ?upb; Spirite ta be. legibly n*rked-< dn-tltt QutpidB; ef every Cask or Vessel containing the sauqe respeptj.vely j anil if, the^Quantity smd. Strebgth of any Spirits shall be found to be untruly manned as aforesaid, or if any Dealer or Retailer, ppra hwpg required, by «?y lOffieor, shall ref«8e ori aegte*jimtuediately tOfmark. thfeXJdaitHy and'^tje^g^ief^uch, Spirits, a? i afereeftip, aU eucfc, Spirits, Syrtjp, -S6e<WFrmeaDd-!atheri Ingred)|ints, l; qgptjieir..wiih thp and, V^tela contaitting the sdmo, shpU ibei forfeGtisdi;

and flip Dpalec. or Retailer 1^11 forfeit the Sum <of Fifty Pounds; :ibbtintheIisrfiB.i&dafeji and Pprf^tpr^. shdl ^pt be, jnewred. by .raasob of the mui^t|S! *on - any Gadc i ifhet/Stsengtk exprespeij ip rtbe Permit, pr QectifieRtoyriA iwkieh /the Gornpound^ therein. I cioith»nedr)«wte r^yeqf, pptp, '^tqi^L|)0)Wh^ bom!at$fce-'dufu$»Aeneis. vik -ion .mfiwO

DXyill. Every Retailer, pofc being ^, as p, DeaJfii?, «FW jftwft

uw:i'l

>l7 i-2 A £2

W& el 114.

ris h RiitaSfer, ' Who' 'shall sell, send1 outj or deliver Spirits' in a. less Quantity than Two Gallons of Spirits of the same Denomination at a Time to the same Person shall also forfeit the likq .Supp. j, _.i, ., , .i; , "

CL'XI'X. Provided always, that any Person (July licensed as a Dpaler in Spirits may tiflbfe^bti^ari'addhmnal Iitcefi^e authorizing him sell by Retail any Quantity, (th^ same tidt Ikja tfc'aii Ond reputed Quart Bottle orym the Botjjes ip prhich thq same may have been' imported,) of Eordigq Liqueurs, not to bedrynk or conspme^l jupon the Premises; and Jah^ lic^hs^d^er tafchg but; such additional Ipccmcq may sqncl out or deliver Foreign Liqueurs without t^ie Certificate h^reiu-after meorionecl, if the Qupn^Ji dqes exceed One Gdllbn'ati a Time, hrtd such Liqueurs arc not sent to the Stock of any Dealer or Retailer. t

f *; ]As to Certificate* and Pertnitsfor the Rtth&vdl of Spirits.

CLXX. Every Reqtifier, Dealer, and Retailer respectively shall provide himself with a Book p^epa^ed according, to, #, Pattern to he given to him on his Application to the proper Officer, the; sam$ Day.on.vhioh he receives any Spirits I into his Stock- dr Possession,

be (requested -to do by any Officer, and if not so

requested then at latest before the Expiration of that Day, write and enter in such Book,

he

what

jf the

Spirits; aM^Sfc^erigth thereof; an<T every. Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer respectively shall dtib bn1 'the' s&Tn^ Day on which he shall send out of his Stock or Possession any Spirits 19 rl 'Q^ntity requiring a Cjiertnficate as herein-after mentioned, and at such Time on that 'he tiiay berequeerted as aforesaid, and if not so requested then at latest before the Expiration of that Day, write and enter in like Manner in the said Book the Day when ajtyl ^bfe PbW&Hieni end riurpaiuei of the Person, for' (the Naopei of the Firm, and of What M&M tp[iwbpgy &pcfc, Spirits iweme (Bents thei Quantity!, and the; Kind or Quality of such the StfObgth .th^reflf, and, also: the Number of GsModsund the PrnCtioris of a Q^ileie/ftt.rfloqC; , every sMehiPoek shall be at a)l TimOs kept in eonne -pWblic and opeti £fa<fq, |af ithef e^ered Trcmises, pf1 the Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer> respectively, for the jtpsppfttion, of; thie, Offers5 and anjt Officer trtay examine!such Book, and: take any Extract thqrefooqi; ^fl^yeffy eu^h Booki after it has ibeen filled up jasafdreWud, shall be presetted Uyiffie:, ^fttifier>D)^% w R«t^er :for; a Period' bfindt Te» than'Twelve'Months, and during such Time shall be produced by him to every Officer demanding the same; and if any Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall refuse or neglect to provide such Boqk, or to make duo'EtotriieS 'thdteitr' as! aforesaid, or: shall cancel, alter, oblftehite. or idestroy apy Pan of auDhtBoOkf bd aaly EntTytlrtroin, Or triake' an y 'false ntry therein, or hinder or obstruct any Offittfo' ftboni or ifr exomhiing istfohTiobbi Pt Wakingf any MhWtc thereih' ofi1 taking any Extract ithe*ofrom, >ot if Sttoh Book elmll not he ptesferVed'or riot produced by the Rectifier, Dealer , : ofr' Retailer1 as heredn-before directed, such Rectified, Dealer, or Retailer offending henriffisball'foffoit'thi&Sirin df One htitidwd'PPilndi.' 11 ' '

TO I i HI') /J 1f> lull' ' 1 vni; y iCijtXlXIj! Ai Certificate Book, prepared with' proper priWhd Porifis' for: the Purposes herbin-rifter imaritiohedf shall be doiiyerod by the proper Officer to lOvery Rectifier, Dealer, qbdtRlntfoleri rlWpbctnrely wdio shall TBquesfcl the ^afoe, in Writing, Of such Officer; and pvery Rrictifirir, Dealer^ and Rethiier 'fespOciively, 'off Receipt of such Book, sha, ll acknowledge (he Wuge jin-^Wifttinlgiuhder such Jie^utst, ^ot ts the Oontmi^sioners' may dfrept; and no Spirits wlratoimiiiffiaB'>Deisokh:sriHtioH^:or)dOlivei'0d from the:Stock 01* Possession of !a Rectifier or Dealer, nor any Spirits exxwoffsqif the Quantity of 'Ohe Gnllon of Spirit3^ of the same Denomination, at a Time for the saoie Person shall be sold, sent; out, or delivered from the SWfific tW Toksfisslin1 of'a1 Ret a51er, without a Certificate filled up, and cut out progressively

flftmlrlty' kLII 'IcHYptl Ttflht nii4 Kifrnr*d Uw tta P^fiftor IV

, bwi

the

e'; 23 & 24 Vict. 3 M Place

455

and on Dealer selling less than Two Gallons of Spirits.

Licensed Dealers taking out an additional Licence may retail atia send out Foreign Liqueurs without Certificate.

Every Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer to provide a Book for entering therein the Particulars of Spirits reoeived and sent out by him.

All Spirits sold by Rectifiers or Dealers, and also (when the Quantity exceeds a Gallon) by Retailers, to be accompanied by a Certificate, }

Penalty on Rectifiers,

Dc&lt And

RetaiiwrsEfor sending out Spirits from his Stock, and for the Purpose of the Certificate properly filled up

improper Use accompanying such Spirits, or if any Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall cut or separate any of Certificates. Certificate or Form of Certificate from its Counterpart without first filling up the

Certificate or Form with the several Particulars and according to the Directions herein in

that Behalf mentioned, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and upon the Hearing of any Information for the Recovery of the said Penalty, and upon any Appeal in relation thereto, Proof of the Non-entry by the Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer, upon the Counterpart of any Certificate or Form cut or separated therefrom, of the Particulars required by Law to be entered upon such Certificate and Counterpart respectively, on the Occasion of his sending out Spirits, shall be sufficient Evidence that the Certificate or Form was cut and separated by him from its Counterpart, not upon the Occasion of his sending out Spirits from his Stock, and for the Purpose of such Certificate properly filled up accompanying such Spirits, and the Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall be convicted of such Offence accordingly.

CLXXIII. If any Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall fill up and cut out from any Certificate Book delivered to him any Certificate as for the Removal of Spirits from his own Stock, and use such Certificate, or cause or suffer the same to be used for any other Purpose than to accompany the actual Removal and Delivery of the Spirits therein expressed, or shall deliver or part with, to any Person whatever, any Certificate or Form of Certificate cut out from such Book as aforesaid, although not fillea up, or if any Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer or other Person shall use any Certificate or Form of Certificate, whether filled up or not, so that the Account of Spirits kept or checked by any Officer^ Or any Examination of Spirits by any Officer, is or may be frustrated or evaded, such Rectifier, Dealer, Retailer, or other Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and every Person having a Licence to rectify, deal in, or retail Spirits shall, upon being

Penalty for fraudulently using a Certificate for any Purpose other than the due Removal of Spirits.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Place from whence, and the Day and Hour of the Day when the Spirits are sent out or delivered, the Number of Casks or other Packages in which the same are sent out, the Quantity, and Band or Quality and Strength thereof, the Christian and Surname of the Person or the Name of the Firm to whom sold, and the Place to which, and the Conveyance by which, the same are to be sent; and every Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer respectively, before such Certificate is out from its Counterpart, shall make a corresponding Entry in such Counterpart of the same Particulars as are stated in the Certificate; and Such Certificate shall accompany the Spirits on the Removal thereof, and shall be delivered to the Person to whom the Spirits are sold, sent out, or delivered; and every Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer respectively shall keep the said Certificate Book in some public and open Part of his entered Premises, for the Inspection of the Officers; and when such Certificate Book is completely used by filling up the same as aforesaid, or when demanded by the proper Officer, the Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall return the same to the proper Officer, who shall give a Receipt for the same, and, if requested as aforesaid, shall thereupon deliver to him a new Certificate Book, to be acknowledged and kept by him as aforesaid; awl every Rectifier or Dealer who shall sell, send out, or deliver any Spirits without such Certificate as aforesaid, and every Retailer who shall sell or send out any Spirits exceeding the Quantity of One Gallon of Spirits of the same Denomination at a Time for the same Person, without such Certificate as aforesaid, and every Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer respectively who shall not make a corresponding Entry in the Counterpart of such Certificate as aforesaid, or who shall not keep or return such Book as aforesaid, or who shall hinder or obstruct any Officer in examining such Book, or making any Minute therein or Extract / therefrom, or who shall cancel, alter, obliterate, or destroy any Part of such Book or any Entry therein, or who shall make any false Entry therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and all Spirits sent out or delivered as aforesaid without such Certificate shall also be forfeited; but the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be incurred by reason of the Strength of the Spirits not agreeing with the Certificate accompanying the same, if the Strength thereof is not more than One per Centum above or Two per Centum below that expressed in the Certificate.

CLXXII. And if any Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall cut or separate any such

fVrfifir'fttp. nr TTnrm rVrtifip.afp -frnm its flniintAmarf PYApnt nn fhp Oppaainn Ilia

28° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114. 45?

being convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, forfeit such Licence, and no new Excise Licence shall be granted to such Person so convicted for the Remainder of the current Year of any Licence so forfeited.

CLXXIV. No Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall receive any Spirits not accompanied Rectifier, by a true and lawful Permit or Certificate as the same are respectively required by Law, and every Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer respectively shall, immediately on receiving a receive Spirits Permit or Certificate, cancel the same by writing in large Letters in Ink across such Permit without a Per-or Certificate, or in the Space prepared for that Purpose, the Word " Received," and the ^Lid^e Day and Hour when received, or shall otherwise permanently cancel such Permit or same to be Certificate by Lines drawn in Ink across the same, so as to prevent it from being again cancelled on used for the Removal of Spirits; and every Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer who shall receive Receiptthereot any Spirits without the same being accompanied by a true and lawful Permit or Certificate, as by Law required, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and all such Spirits, or an equal Quantity of Spirits of a like Kind, to be taken out of any Part of his Stock, shall also be forfeited; and every Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer receiving any Permit or Certificate who shall not cancel the same as aforesaid shall forfeit the oum of Fifty Pounds.

CLXXV. All Permits and Certificates received with Spirits by a Rectifier, Dealer, or Permits and Retailer shall be preserved, after being cancelled as aforesaid, and shall be delivered by him ^rtifica^dto to the Officer who shall first inspect his Premises after the Receipt thereof; and for any and Si^red Neglect or Default in this respect the Rectifier, Dealer, or Retailer shall forfeit the Sum of to the Officer. Fifty Pounds for every such Permit or Certificate; but the Penalty shall not be incurred if the Permit or Certificate have been lost or destroyed after the Expiry of Three Months from the Date thereof.

CLXXVI. Any Officer may, at any Time, take an Account of the Quantity of all Stock of Spirits in the Stock or Possession of a Dealer or Retailer, and if it be found that the Quantity of Spirits remaining in the Stock or Possession of such Dealer or Retailer exceeds taken by an the Quantity which ought to be therein, as appears on balancing the Book by this Act Officer, and directed to be kept by him of Spirits received into and sent out of his Stock or Possession therein

(all Spirits being for that Purpose computed at Proof), the Excess shall be deemed to be to be forfeited. Spirits illegally received; and a Quantity of Spirits equal to such Excess shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer out of any Part of the Stock of such Dealer or Retailer, t,

who shall also forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Excess; and . it shall also be lawful for any Officer to enter into the Premises of a Dealer or Retailer, and to examine and take Samples of any Spirits in his Stock or Possession, paying for such Samples the usual Price thereof.

CLXXVII. Every Distiller, Rectifier, Dealer, and Retailer respectively shall, when Distiller, &c. required by any Officer, assist him by a sufficient Number of Servants in taking account f° a*"st Officer

of his Stock, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds for any Neglect or Reftisal so ln Dg Stoc

to assist

CLXXVIII. No Distiller shall be licensed to carry on the Trade of a Dealer in Spirits Distiller may at any Place within the Distance of Two Miles from his Distillery, unless such Place shall on

first be approved by the Commissioners; and in any Case in which a Distiller shall, with ^ithuT

the Approbation of the Commissioners, carry on such Trade of a Dealer at any Place Two Miles within the Distance aforesaid from his Distillery, no Spirits shall be sent out or removed from D*- from his Stock or Possession, either as a Dealer or a Distiller, without being accompanied be^ by a Permit granted by the proper Officer, on pain of Forfeiture of such Spirits, and of proved by the such Penalty as by Law is imposed on a Distiller for sending out or removing Spirits without Commissioners, a Permit

CLXXIX. No Retailer shall be a Distiller, Rectifier, or Compounder keeping or using Retailer not to a Still* or be in any Manner interested or concerned in the Trade or Business of a Distiller, or of such Rectifier or Compounder, at any Premises within Two Miles of the Place at &c.within Two which he is entered Or licensed to carry on the Business of a Retailer; and no Person, shall Miles of his

3 M 2 be Fremifies'nor

m

to be licensed in Premises having private Communication with a

* '() »i:<» ti!*v 'L" / KRjiO.J to Jii'.n .M i*ll

No, Sj?jjfita to, .,

except from licensed Traders, or at Cfc*oma*9-o; i Fjxntrie Ssfaalov Warehouses. 1

Jiun-.'i / !A

No-SwlHti* be removed >'A # fmA'tte&kfk*! of a Distiller without a Permit.

-ft .-.'I

4*ii/oui i:c

Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer not to receive any Spirits without Permit or Certificate, nor any Person carry the same.

, »lfc 2*1 HWTOW^tw

Jp.ftmpspt a^, a, Retailer, in pny Houpp, or Premises havingi my:, mterpaUy or jfirqqgh, ^nv .epclpsed; of private Y|ard, field, Pjisaagft , «r private iRoudo* Place, or otherwise than by a publiq Carringeroad, \7ith apy , Hpqa$.or, Premise# entered or used by any Distiller or by any Rectifier or Compounder keeping or using a Still, and if aidy< Retailer shall be. a Distiller; or & Rectifier) or Compoufider iioepikig dr filing K Still, or iniany Meitneii; interested!or concerned in any such Trade or Business, iooBtmi-y hdreth, oi) if any: Person shall be licensed ns ai Retailer in any House or Premiers icoUtrury-Wreto; he.sbeM fbrf'eit the Suin of Twohundrod Pounds,

*'CMC^X.' If'ak^ Person shall receive or bay o'v procure any Spirits otjicrwSki; tiiai^frornj a fobbed Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder, Dealer, or Retailer, whose Naipc is paintpa over tHd odt^aTiPDooi1 bf'his'cnteirca Premises in the Manner required by Law, or At foing piiblic.Side of Spirits sold under the Direction of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue the Qbinmissioners of Customs, the Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of j Fiyc hundred Pounds; but such Penalty shall not be incurred by reason of receiving or, buying Foreign Or Colonial Spirits from the proper Warehouse of Customs in which the same have been deposited on the dut' Importation thereof, or receiving or buying British Spirits from a ^r^cM^se }n, w, hi, 9h the sjune have been deposited before Ppyment of Duty, or jvlyils|t; |he same are lying openly on the Quays pn which such Spirits fxavp, heqn. JajffijUy

landed on due Removal thereof from ope Part of the United Kjiqgdom to another, [and. frptw a lioensod IJistiller or Dealer in the Case of ^fifis/iSpirits.

|u.CLXIX, XL Spirits sliftll be sent out of the Stock.'or Possession of aay Dtitillet, o6t *M1 p»y, Spirits be removed from the Distillery, Stillhouse, 1 Building, or other LPfaod ^bfirein the swwp^vere made on kept, by wy Distiller, ! without Permit -first; grabte4 anti $lgn|ediby the proper Officer, upon a Request Note subscribed by such Distiller.cr by samd Per«pp.iP«; hie RehftV. and, delivered: to the Officer, specifying thereinithe iQnmUjkyihnd SfltfTOgth of the Spirits, and algo Specifying the Casks or other Yessela ooptaining ^hieraAmo; the Pei^on.frow., whom-end, Place, from wshieh, and the Persoa tb »tiu)m. uui the Rldwid which, iftOPhi Spirits ere^o be sent, and by wh*t Mode of Conveyance the snme .aribintended to bp, pent, and whether by .Land or by Water, which Permit shall, be made byutheOffiodr to correspond in respect to all the Particulars' aforesaid with the Request Noted said In reasonable Time shall be limited and specified in the Permit during which the same ipto be in Tfofee'j and lio Peritiitshrtll be valid orof any Effect if it shall he gidufted Request

Note hot rnarfej conformably tp tho Directions hei^in contained; ?rtia all Spirfts Whi'Cb'^hAll bdi sent; put, beoaovod, Or catried' or fbupd removnig of catrying, without aUcb 'Pdrrtlit1^ aforettiidi together with the Casks, Vessels, and otiief Packages containing the sarrtCJ'Hnd slaw theniBbdts and other Vessels, ntid the Horses and other Calttle Ond Carriage1 tfikdi tide ^rfilin the Rorpmaf or Conveyance thereof, shall be forfeited; and if'hhy DiaralCf'Sh'rffl seoad out; deliver; of carry, (ft knowingly permit or suffer tP bc' sent 'onf, dblivCile(}, ' of ldaW%l^ any Spirits ifoeni his Stock <or Possession, or from, any House; Ruii«fing, '6r btlfer'lPMcfc whenbm /the '»ame wero made, or kept by him, without each Permit Ofi lafor^aid^ o^iVitH hny Permit no* corresiioriding with tho Spirits in Quantity and Strength; he ebAHj 'pye^'UiWl above' the Forfeiture of the said Spirits, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shlflihgs1 '

Gtilonlof lbe Spirits ao sent out, carried, br conveyed; bf whatever' ^rength1 the sumb'iiay bd; and whether the same shall or Shall not bb scieod (1 Prbvideti always, :thfdti1 W<!» PWnlf shall 'begrafted, to w Distiller fOr any leSs Quantity of 'Spirits^ than11 Nine' Gallbnt) odHwWlw m<Ota«C«sk]'i": .i''-.n. -b I *.>)-.t*:. 11: 1 -i.'u; moiUi

, [»A1C T«.r

with a true lawful^Permit or Certificate dul^ granted' or if anjr C^rier, 6ther Pe^Hh! shaft fmo>ylrig)y ca^r^y, remove, or transport, or by means of ^his Cirt, irVe8§^or othei4 Conveyance, shall tnowmgly suffer to be carri^ v

6ther PeWHri' sbafl fmo>ying)y ca^r^y, remove, or transport, or by means of his Hor^.

On i'V Anhnl ' ' k'^U A/> otiftH t tt Ollffnw f rv V\/» />nMm/v/f

m

.: w Jitmvujw

a true and lawful Permit or Certificate duly granted in that Behalf, every Person so offend-shall foi^e^t J-he Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and above every other Penalty and 1 ' Forfeiture

viu Vj f //vm.) ui utuw yuyTV^wuvv, m ivy, J, p 1*^ J f "'LlC

thirfsp^ted, 6r ^lial^rbe aiding, in Qarrying, removing, or^ transporting, any j3p*fps jwm< Law ought lio be accompanied with a Permit or Certificate without being, o^omp^n}

i9*i & VWt'dWJ- *h if#.

SWfeitttrfeRfWlifeh'he^nifcy bfe lijible byiiUtv \ auddM stifcfh 'Spirits, ahd*th6 Pafckfigbshi Which1 fchali-be contained, and every 4Uch Horse, Cart, VPsstfl, Bodt, drid

G(W^yancC; all ^httle; shall'also be forftit^ 1 ' -

f icff, , ilii< i> jni"i* f- !fi»i'* *.'! *'.* M », ) ' .* -1 - "i '' '»'!:! .: i >-, w a' {* i-»

GliXXXIII. Nu Distiller, R^dfier, *or Gatnpouiider shall feehd out ot remove1 frofa his Stock ior/ EWessiou, no shall aiiy Rectifier or Compounder, or Dealer or Retailed receive into1 bfc stock or-Poeeeskion^ any Spirits unless the Permit or Certificate1 aeeompknyinff; the same shall truly express the Sort or Kind and Strtrigth at the Time of the Remote! thereof^ and all Spirits so-rempve<L s, eji; t out, ^ec^iye^ not being ac^mpapiod^ith ^-^wiejiyid lawfulPennitor; *CertiHc^t^, r^4FPrd» p^pre^ng ^iCj"^or.t of Kipp, apfi:Sttop^tU {Hereof, shall be forfoitpd, and i the ' Distiller. Rectifier, or Compounder, pa sending app the Rectifi^r'|Or Compoumtef, or Defter or'Retailer. , qo receiving puch Spirits* stixjl^e^pep-lively forfeit the pupi of 0 ae hundred bounds; and; no Rectifier Compdunder or Dpajeflf shall have (except as f^ftef mentioned) Credit in Stock for any greater (Quantity jof Spirit^ received or found therein th^n for the Quantity, computed at Proof, brought ip yvUh eueh Permit or Certificate as aforesaid delivered to the Officer, , rj . ', 7. I. , 1Wi(J J. (f (,

lifiy^ciife Pliee tn ariy other Platte Without a true and Tawfiil Certificate .._ i4 .

of Customs, if the Spirits be removed from a Chstoms Warehouse (unless the same be undef Bond dii iRfehioval - from one sich Warehouse to another Warehouse)^ Of wHhohtVi4vti dnd lawful Cotkificate J'rdm Rectifier, OV a Dealetf br Retailed if the Spirits hfeVfemoVdd ffofii the* Stock of emy such Titader, or without ktrue and lawful Permit'if the Spirits bb rptndvfed from thfe Stock or 'Potisessipii bf atiy ttther Person or1 from afcy Excise Wferfeboufefe£ and hit luuh /Sfiafite, fouhd removing or removed, without such Pertint oi» CertifibatJe aubottmunyin^ cmiihavi^iac^rapauied ihc same on the last-Removal thereof the sbmfe be Utidfer

BondM aforesaid), ' shrill bfe forfeitcdi and evety Pereon1 m whofof Possbssiott; the sam4 foiind shall forfeit the Sum of Gne hundred Pounds, 'or treble the Value of sdchf Spirit#, rtt tbo:K>ectibii of the Commissioners 'df Inlhttd Bevbntlb, or the Codmissioni's bf Ca^toiUSl, Ot of tlw PetsoA whior ehMl gi^sebuto for such Penalty. 1 l 7 ' *r(''* , Vi irM>1

m! oi <f "HM, - 'M; il *<i // '!: 1: I .* 5 j.< n; 1; »i- -.ti:'I ->i !.*(io>i *

Officer; of-Excise Or Cuetpiws^ and!any Officer, of thfe Pdaoe haringid CiCflnm^iw -from the Ckwmissioners of Inlmd Revenue, may stop. i*nd detail any. Pereoh foufjd parrying br retopying any Spirite, /and iidayltexamine; such Spirits/ «ftd , require thi Erpai^pn of §nPermit or Certificate, authorising the Removal:of the sairi^ >andiiif>axly IfQr^it prj; Certificate bu produced agreeing with the Spirit* in oM redpecta* rsiK^ OfSedr wdy f^rfeitl^*onRiei Time and Place of such Examination; /anddf. any Spirits exceeding this (jJ^Ujtity.ojf fQnb! Oalion jof Spirits <rf; the, same Denotninadom at a Time, fbil the ^nme P^«pV§baU , be*.qa^ried[or xemttved by aay Person^ without, a; touiei and law^lPertnifc/ ior ^l^tejacpo^anying, die feameiand (authorizii^g the; Removal: thereof^ocif abyriPenibii fognd^wnTywPg on rfl^pvb^irit^iin auph(Quimt%asiafoi^id,; fehall ^onr»beifag^«jWpped ca; deta^ by; any-si^h Officer as: aforesaid, forthwith produce a triia and lawful Permit Or C^jtiJ^te ^uthor^zi^ the Removal thereof, the Person so offending rfudl ipeur thfe PeUtity h\mi}iffe(d Rpund^ria^d Uny eufeh Officer &^ aforesaidf may arrefet -arid detain; thfe and pqnvey him bfefoce a^Iustioe ef t^eJPeaoo, who rahall ttear anft^townihe^ soon afterwards as practicable, the Charge against the Person so arrested, andvtm-jiisrCbtti fessiocL or oi^ due Proof .upon Qat^ of his Offence, copvict him in.fh^i^Pe^y; ^ijd^no Penalty ^shall be mitigated by pny such Justice below the Spm of Tpjr P'bfoon bo convicted fepall, immediately on such Convection, p^y dowajinfo ^ie

ftfoh1 '^for ibc Order aijd Direction of the Commissioners, , the ^*id 1

the ^erfoh'so convicted shall pot forth withpay down such Penalty, , the J ust^, jby)^r^ii^ au jbif 4i:y *p^hd^shall commit him (to any Graol or Prison of the County of P(lacj9, .there,

. _ t; /to Hard Labour for' any Time not exceeding Six Catepdar M(^ntb8(nor

Penalty shall be s«?onpr pai^., , 1 I!^, | J'; i<* 0m

J»rtn vlIftnVL ito rj fjfudh k>/o j; yji»*i.ul on I io mu^ j

cnuji>lio 1

45»

i'nP >*)»{ *iri of »t>wrvn'I nr '>'r; n-{ 'mi -i.tmjj»irimy') f. ({Tiff MM}

W6'1Sp»W416"1 be sent oat or received into Stock unless the Permit or Certificate shall tnrty

}(' in .</(»I»kiT Recdfienaad ) otteiV to have (Credit fodthe Quantity expressed in the Permit

All Spirits exceeding One Gallon to he removed by Permit or Cer-fic*te, #tbC*-r>/

wisej PeniMW «1

aadJtovftttwttt

T>ll(vi(I nlo

i; tjiofit'v JiMnVX

Persons removing Spirits in any Qnan- tity exceeding O ne Gallon, and not producing a proper Permit or Certificate, may be arrested, and convicted, and on Nonpayment of the Penalty may he imprisoned

mo'.)

f Tlbnjloq

-o$I in ot Jon T>fr*:r

ync ovi-vv, i Jnodlrff ziniqr *, rj) in lifrn*)'l *^nft ion /jJiiofiiJ vttko nono'1 />me« orfi

1400 23* & 24" VICTORIA, ei 114.

Penalty for sending out or reoemng Spirits without Permit, or for the fraudulent Use of Permits.

If a Permit or

Certificate be not delivered with Spirits sold they shall be forfeited to the Buyer, and double the Price.

Permits and Certificates for the Removal of Spirits to be granted under the Regulations of the Permit and Certificate Laws.

CLXXXVI. If any Person shall deliver, remove, or receive any Spirits, for the Removal of which a Permit is by Law required, without such Permit, or any greater Quantity of Spirits, or of a different Kind or Quality or Strength, than shall be expressed in the Permit, or, having obtained a Permit, shall not send out therewith the Spirits therein described, or return the said Permit to the proper Officer within the Time by Law required, or if any Person shall request, obtain, or use any Permit, or shall cause or suffer any Permit to be requested, obtained, or used, for any other Purpose than to accompany the actual Removal and Delivery of the Spirits as therein expressed, or shall produce, or cause or suffer to be produced, to any Person, any Permit as having been received with any Spirits other than as aforesaid, or shall in any Manner use, or cause or suffer to be used, any Permit so as that any Account of Spirits kept or checked by any Officer may be frustrated or evaded, the Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures whatever; and every Permit used for any other Purpose than to accompany the Removal and Delivery of the Spirits for which the same was granted, and as therein expressed, shall be deemed to be a false Permit, and such unlawful Use thereof shall (over and above all other Penalties and Forfeitures) subject the Person so using the same to all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by Law upon any Person for using, giving, or receiving any false Permit; and every Person having a Licence to distil, rectify, or compound, deal in, retail, or sell Spirits, shall, upon being convicted of any such Offence as aforesaid, forfeit such Licence, and no new Excise Licence shall be granted to him for the Remainder of the current Year of any Licence so forfeited.

CLXXXVII. If a true and lawful Permit or Certificate shall not be sent with any Spirits to the Buyer thereof, such Spirits shall, if the same be not seized in the Transit for Want of such Permit or Certificate, be forfeited to the Buyer thereof, and the Seller shall be rendered incapable of recovering the same, or the Value or Price thereof, in any Court of Law or Equity; and the Seller in such Case shall, over and besides the Loss of the said Spirits, forfeit double the Value of or Price agreed to be paid for the same, including the Duty thereon.

CLXXXVIII. Every Permit and Certificate respectively for the Removal of Spirits shall be granted and issued, obtained and used, under the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions of any Act of Parliament regulating the granting and issuing of Permits and Certificates for the Removal or Conveyance of exciseable Goods, or in any Manner relating to such Permits or Certificates (except so far as the same may be altered and otherwise directed by this Act), and all Clauses, Provisions, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures inflicted or imposed by any such Act shall extend to and be applied in the Execution of this Actj and to every Permit and Certificate respectively which shall be granted for the Removal of any Spirits, and to the Persons issuing, obtaining, or using the same.

As to Scales, Weights, Measures, and Fastenings to be provided by Excise Traders.

Excise Traders CLXXXIX. Every Excise Trader under this Act shall provide sufficient and jujst cient^al^" Scales and Weights, and a Set of Standard Measures, for the Purpose of weighing, measur-Weights, and big, ftn taking an Account of the Spirits, Goods, And Commodities in his Warehouse, Measures^and Stock, or Possession, and of any Casks or Vessels used for the Purpose of containing sucjh Spirits, Goods, or Commodities; and such Weights and Measures shall be of such Denominations respectively as the Commissioners shall require; and the Excise Trader shall maintain and keep such Scales and Weights and Measures in such proper and convenient Place in his Distillery, Warehouse, or other entered Premises as the Supervisor shall approve, and so that the same shall be at all Times ready for the Use of the Officers; and the Excise Trader shall permit and suffer any Officer to use the same for the Purpose aforesaid, afrd shall, with his Servants and Workmen, whenever thereto required by any Officer, weigh fir measure, and assist him in weighing or measuring, as he may require, and in taking in Account of, any such Spirits, Goods, and Commodities as aforesaid; and for any Refusal ctr ^eS\ect on tb Part of any Excise Trader fo comply with any Direction or Provision ih

aia the urn-cere in using the same.

Penalty for

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

this Clause contained he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Scales or any Weight or Measure which shall be so provided shall be false or unjust or inoorrect, or if any Excise Trader shall use, or permit or suffer to be used, any false, unjust, or insufficient Soales or Weight or Measure in the weighing or measuring of any Spirits or other Goods or Commodities, or shall practise any Device or Contrivance by which any Officer may be prevented from or deceived in taking the just and true Quantity, Weight, or Measure of any Spirits, Goods, or Commodities, or of any Casks or Vessels, the Excise Trader so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and all false, unjust, or insufficient Soales, Weights, and Measures respectively shall be forfeited.

CXC. Wherever any Warehouse, Storeroom, or other Room or Place, or any Furnace, or any Still other Vessel, or any Pipe, Plug, Cock, or other Utensil belonging to any Excise Trader, is by this Act directed to be secured and locked by the Officers, all fit and proper Fastenings for the Purpose of enabling the Officers to affix Locks thereto, or otherwise to secure the same, shall be provided and affixed, repaired and renewed from Time to Time by the Excise Trader to the Satisfaction of the proper Supervisor for the Time being, or other superior Officer, or otherwise such Supervisor or Officer shall provide and affix, and repair or renew, such Fastenings at the Expense of the Excise Trader, who shall pay to the proper Collector or Supervisor, on Demand, the Cost or Expense incurred thereby, on pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for any Neglect or Refusal so to do; but all Locks or Keys necessary for the Purpose aforesaid shall be provided by the Commissioner ^, at the Expense of the Revenue; and if any Excise Trader, or his Servant or Workman, shall wilfully destroy or damage any such Fastening as aforesaid, or any Look or Key belonging thereto, or any Lock Label, or shall by any means open, take off, or remove any Lock or Fastening, or Lock Label, or make any Way or Entranoe, or improperly gain Access or Admittance into any Warehouse, Storeroom, or other Room or Place, Furnace, Still, or Vessel, Pipe, Plug, Cock, or other Utensil, or have any Fastening, Cock, Pipe, Plug, or Pump so constructed that Security intended to be obtained by any Lock or Fastening may be defeated, the Excise Trader shall, whether such Offence be committed by himself or his Servant or Workman, forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Supplying Spirits to be unlawfully retailed, and having in possession Spirits not Duty-paid,

CXCI. If any Person shall knowingly sell or deliver or cause to be sold or delivered any Quantity of Spirits to any other Person, to the end that the same may be unlawfully retailed or consumed or earned into Consumption, the Person so offending shall forfeit, over and above all other Penalties, the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

CXCII. If any Person shall knowingly buy, or receive, or have in his Possession, any Spirits after the same shall have been removed from the Place where the same ought to have been charged with the Duty payable in respect thereof, and before the Duty to which the same shall be liable has been charged and paid or secured to be paid, or before such Spirits have been lawfully condemned as forfeited, such Person, whether he have or claim any Property or Interest therein or not, shall forfeit treble the Value of such Spirits, according to and at the Rate and Price which the best Spirits of the like Kind and Strength shall sell for in London at the Time when such Penalty shall be incurred, and the Spirits shall also be forfeited.

Retailing and using Spirits in Gaols.

CXCIII. No Licence shall be granted for the retailing of Spirits within any Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, and all Licences granted to the contrary hereof shall be void and of no Effect; and if any Gaoler, Keeper or Officer of any Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, shall sell, use, lend, or give away any Spirits, or knowingly permit or suffer any Spirits to ne sold, used, lent, or given away in such Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, or brought into the same, other than and except such Spirits as shall be prescribe 1 or given by the

Prescription

461

or Measures, and for practising Fraud to prevent a true Account being taken.

All Fastenings (except Locks) for the Security of W are-houses, Storerooms, and Utensils to be provided at the Expense of the Excise Trader.

Locks and Keys to be provided at the Expense of the Revenue.

Penalty for removing or damaging Locks or Fastenings.

Penalty on Persons selling Liquors to be unlawfully retailed, &c. by others.

Persons knowingly having in possession Spirits for which the Duties have not been paid to forfeit the same, and Treble Value.

No Licence to be granted for retailing Spirits within Gaol* or Houses of Correction, not shall Spirits be used there except such as

462

shall be medicinally prescribed.

Justices upon Information that Spirits are kept and disposed of in any Gaol, &c., may enter and search, and empower any Constable to seise the same.

Persons hawking or selling Spirits in unlicensed Places to forfeit the same and a Penalty, and may be committed to the House of Correction for Nonpayment.

Justice of Peace may issue Warrant td apprehend Persons hawking Spirits.

Any Person may detain a Hawker of Spi* rits, and give Notice to a Peace Officer, who is to carry the Offender before a Justice.

Either of the offending Parties informing against the other shall be acquitted of his own Penalty.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114.

Prescription and Direction of a regular Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary, and supplied in pursuance of such Prescription froth the Shop of some regular Apothecary, such Gaoler, Keener, Or Officer shall forfeit thd Sqm bf One hundred Pounds, and if, being convicted of any such Offence, lie shall again offend ill like Manner, and be thereof a Second Time lawfully convicted, such Second Offence shall be deemed a Forfeiture of his Office.

CXC1V. Any Justice of the Peace, upon Information upion Oath that any Spirits are kept and disposed of in any Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction, may enter and search, or authorize and empower by Warrant under his Hand any Constable, Head borough, or other Peace Officer to enter ^nd search, ai^y such Gaol, Prison, Qr House of Correction; and in case any Spirits shall be found therein (except such as are directed to be used medicinally as aforesaid) such Constable, Hea^borough, or other Peace Officer shall seize^such Spirits, qnd cause the same to bp forthwith staved and destroyed .;

Hawking Spirits and selling Spirits in unlicensed Places.

CXCV. No Person shafll hawk, .or, sell, or: expose to any, Spirits, by whatever Name the same may be called, in or, about the Street ^, Highways* or pth$r Places, or in or froip any Boat or othpr Vessel upon Water, or in uny, pther Mapner or Place whatsoever, except in a Place/dply. licensed for that Purpose, upon pain of forfeiting all such Spirits and the Sum of One hundred Pppnds; and any Justice of the Peace may, on his own View or on the Confession of thp Party, pr b7 doe Proof on Oath made of such Offence, donvict any Person so offending; and the Person, convicted shall immediately on such Conviction pay the said Sum of One hundred Pounds, or some mitigated Amount to which such Justice jinny think prppej to ^nitigate the s^pe ,; not. being lpss than One Fourth Part thereof; and on Nonp^vn^c^h th^eofTthe Justice , by Wacrapjt pnder hie Hand commit the Render to Sard Labour in, the, House p, f Cpr^uction of the County or Place for the Space of Three Calendar Months, to be reckoned from the Day of the said Commitment, and the Person so committed shall not be discharged until he shall have paid the said Sum of Money, or until the full Expiration of the said Three Months.

CX!cVl. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, on Information upon Oath made before lfon jaga* nsjfc ^y(Person Tfor hnwki9g:9FPV exposing, to. Sale any Spirits contrary tp thia Actj Jo jaspejns Wa, rj#ut lbJ0: bpidffeqtefj tp any Constable

or 9ther ministerial Ofocpr of. thp Ppftpe* for apprehending soph Offender, and bringing him beforp sepk dps^c^ fa^e^to ppphwithholding to Law.

(J5XCVII. Abd it shall alsp Be^awful for person whomsoever tp seize n^d detain any Period Who, hall ha>vk or sellor expose to Sale ih manner aforesaid any Spirits, by whatsoever Name they may be called, ^br su reasonable ^ime as may enable him to give Notice to the Constable, Headborough, Tythingman, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or some other Peace or Parish Officer, who is hereby required to carry the Person so seized and detained before a Justice of the Peace; and such Justice shall proceed to the Examination of the Person so brought before him for such Offonce^ in the same Manner as if such Person had been ppprehfehdeq^pnd bro^ht before^ hiip under such Warrant as aforesaid.

I |. , 1, , i \ , i, i J , ii; ' >i f J t - \ t-ri; f n <, /Ht. r'J '*>. U . "!< 'i *: '

, J i . M-i, 14fqpiUglxmd 1 '

CXCVIII. On the Commission of any Offence against this Act, either of the offending Parties who shall first discover and inform against the other, before any Information has been lodged against the informing Party for such Offence, shall, upon Conviction of the Person against whom such Information shall be given, be discharged and acquitted from all Penalties to which, at the Time of such Information given, the informing Party may be liable by reason of any such Offence committed by him; and the Evidence of the informing Party shall, on any Trial touching such Offence, be admitted to prove the Facts thereof or relating thereto.

CXCIX Where

m &i 24»iV; K>?<W^ Si U4.

CXCIX Where nnj Person sbfllj fee lawfully $o:pjicte$ of any pffepee, agafeiat; Aig .4 ^, ]#fpTPwm»' jinct Ifee peciunnry ^en^ty nnposed for sijqb Qffeaifp shall not be paid, noid cannotj pe leyjpj],

sioners, if the ppf; p^ceedillg Penalty is not

appear to .them j^belevied

to be entitled thereto as Informers, and in such Shares and Proportions os they shall think or if the Of- of JVtoppy^in^pfe Hands wising from, aoyi Pwaltics pr .Forfeiture# MOri the fet^the

[Act to Persons oj^osint/ the Ldtdjand Peace Officer srefusing to aid xri executing it.' ' ]

i; li. I

OC. If any Person shaft, armed with any offensive Weapon, or in a violent planner, with Armwl^wtos Staves or Stones, rescue any Offender arrested^ or any Goods or Chattels seized under this Act, or shall prevent such Arrest or Seizure, or shall assault, beat, or wound any Officer or lently t*cufag other Person acting iti his Aid, or any Person who shall hkve given or be about to give Offenders, or Information against, or eha.ll have discovered or given Evidence against, oj* be about to ^Uj^r_

1 UT give Evidence'against, or' shaft seize or bring to Justice, an^ Person iffiending mers,

against thla Aether who shall Imre seized or be about to seize or examine any Goodshnv jesses, £ui^>' 'Chattels as1 forfeited Under this Act, or Shall forcibly oppose the1 Execution of any Of 'the to^e i^ d PhwW*« tftoinhv rti?3 Act, or Who, bein^ so armed, or with subh Yiolfence afc aforesaidj febfill Pistil Servi-ith do, OvO^y Person so o^nqing, dttd his lAideri and AbcttOrsVthereof £iif n shall be 'adjudged to be ghilty1 Of Felony, anti shall be kept m^rial > «>.*w

Powers given by this tiffor or 'threaten stf

1* lawfully icott VicteJ, shall be fI SeHdtude for the Term of Seven

>t in:rt > /

sisting in exe-

enting this Act.

As to the Repeal of existing Acts and the Commencement and Operation of thef Act^ .

i^CCIIr TWe^yeml Aictd ind Parts bf Acts iet forth in SthfedWe (C.)jj; d t^ Act^ann^ed.il^: *^ herfeby teUeiledj W the Extent' to Which1 Wie1 riame are ^jy such Schedule exposed to be 1 '*1 J1 1; >'i

, nripeaii^, :except^to dhjKhitig done before the Commencement of this Act, 'arid1 as to any Arrears Of *t)uiy*And1 any' Allowance 6r Drawback, and any Penalty or ForfeitureSvhicn

, and

mil Respectively ha, ve become due or, payable or beep ipcu^Ted before tj^e (f ^iS'!^ct j' and provided always, tWi . all Bonds taken and Lfoenoes gRant<sd,

dotie huder/the* Authority or in^' pursuance of any of the said Acts or PaRts^ Acts herebyjr'tu J shaft be ap y^id' an4) eff^tual'as ff this Act had pot ^een passeA, j T , ti , /

; ment /»/v

l^Jg8 y> nuil-fl* Vi:

ipent Coimnence- of and, oIa Operation of 016 the Act.

are limited in their Operation to any particular Part of the said United Kingdom, by having the Name of such Pah 'eipreMy tnentiohed iher&iuj'or1 by the Subject or Context

[Junk removed.]

Mod1// 2?:lt«4 Vict.

3 N

464

SCHEDULES referred to in the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A.),

Containing a Table to be used in determining the original Specific Gravity of Worts or Wash.

Degrees of Spirit Indication. Degrees of original Specific Gravity. Degrees of Spirit Indication. Degrees of original Specific Gravity. Degrees of Spirit Indication. Degrees of original Specific Gravity. Degrees of Spirit Indication. Degrees of original Specific Gravity.

1 *3 4*1 15*5 8*1 34*3 12*1 54*9

* 2 *6 4*2 16*0 8-2 34*8 12*2 55*4

3 9 4*3 16*4 8-3 35*4 12*3 55*9

4 1*2 4*4 16*8 8'4 35*9 12*4 56*4

5 1*5 4'5 17*3 8*5 36*5 12*5 56*9

* 6 1*8 4*6 17*7 8'6 37*0 12*6 57*4

* 7 2*1 4-7 18*2 8'7 37*5 12*7 57*9

8 2*4 4*8 18*6 8'8 38*0 12*8 58*4

-9 2*7 4*9 19*1 8*9 38*6 12*9 58*9

ro 3*0 5*0 19*5 9*0 39*1 13-0 59*4

i-i 3*3 5*1 19*9 9-1 39*7 13*1 60*0

1*2 3*7 5*2 20*4 9'2 40*2 13*2 60*5

1#3 4*1 5*3 20*9 9*3 40*7 18*3 61*1

14*4 5*4 21*3 9*4 41*2 13*4 61*6

1-5 4*8 5*5 21*8 9'5 41*7 13*5 62*2

1-6 5*1 5*6 22*2 9'6 42*2 13*6 62*7

1*7 5*5 5*7 22*7 9*7 42*7 13*7 63*3

1#8 5*9 5*8 23*1 9*8 43*2 13*8 63*8

1*9 6*2 5*9 23*6 9'9 43*7 18*9 64*3

2#0 6*6 6*0 24*1 10*0 44*2 14*0 64*8

2*1 7*0 6*1 24-6 10'1 44*7 14*1 65*4

2*2 7#4 6*2 25*0 10'2 45*1 14*2 65*9

2-3 7*8 6*3 25*5 10'3 45*6 14*3 66*5

28*2 6*4 26*0 10"4 46*0 14*4 67*1

2*5 8*6 6*5 26*4 10*5 46*5 14*5 67*6

2-6 9*0 6*6 26*9 10*6 47*0 14*6 68*2

2*7 9*4 6*7 27*4 10'7 47*5 14*7 68*7

2#8 9*8 6*8 27*8 10*8 48*0 14" 8 69*3

2#9 10*2 6*9 28*3 10*9 48*5 14*9 69*9

3*0 10*7 7*0 28*8 iro 49*0 15*0 70*5

3'1 11*1 7*1 29*2 11*1 49*6 15*1 71*1

3#2 11*5 7*2 29*7 11*2 50*1 15*2 71*7

3*3 12*0 7*3 30*2 11*3 50*6 15*3 72*3

8*4 12*4 7*4 30*7 11 *4 51*2 15*4 72*9

3*5 12*9 7*5 31*2 11*5 51*7 15*5 73*5

3*6 13*3 7*6 31*7 n'6 52*2 15*6 74*4

3*7 13*8 7*7 32*2 11*7 52*7 15*7 74*7

3*8 14*2 7*8 32*7 ii'8 53*3 15*8 75*3

3*9 14*7 7*9 33*2 11 '9 53*8 15*9 75*9

4*0 15*1 8*0 33*7 12'0 54*3 16*0 76*5

465

SCHEDULE (B.)

A Table for determining the Weight per Gallon of Spirits by Sykes's Hydrometer.

Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Weight per Gallon. Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Weight per Gallon. | Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Weight per Gallon. Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Weight per Gallon.

0 8-154 10 8-323 20 8*495 30 8*670

2 8*157 2 8-326 2 8-498 1 2 8*674

4 8-161, 4 8-330 4 8#502 4 8*677

6 8*164 6 8-333 6 8-505 6 8*681

8 8*168 8 8*337 8 8-509 8 8*684

1 8*171 11 8*340 21 8-512 81 8*688

2 8*174 2 8-343 2 8-516 2 8*692

4 8*178 4 8*847 4 8-519 4 8*695

6 8*181 6 8*350 6 8-523 6 8*699

8 8*185 8 8*354 8 8-526 8 8*702

2 8*188 12 8*357 22 8*530 32 8*706

2 8*191 2 8-361 2 8-533 2 8*709

4 8*195 4 8*364 4 8*537 4 8*713

6 8-198 6 8-368 6 8*540 6 8*716

8 8*202 8 8-371 8 8-544 8 8*720

8 8*205 13 8*375 23 8-547 33 8*723

2 8-208 2 8-378 2 8-551 2 8*727

4 8*212 4 8*382 4 8-554 4 8*730

6 8-215 6 8*385 6 8*558 6 8*734

8 8*219 8 8-389 i 8 8*561 8 8*737

4 8-222 14 8-392 24 8*565 34 8*741

2 8*225 2 8-395 1 2 8-568 2 8*745

4 8-229 4 8-399, 4 8*572 4 8*748

6 8*232 6 8-402 1 6 8-575 6 8*752

8 8-236 8 8*406 i 8 8-579 8 8*755

6 8*239 15 8-409 I 25 8-582 35 8*759

2 8*242 2 8-412 2 8-586 2 8*763

4 8-245 4 8-416 1 4 8-589 4 8*766

6 8-249 6 8*419 6 8*593 6 8*770

8 8*252 8 8-423 8 8-596 8 8*773

6 8*255 16 8-426 26 8-600 36 8*777

2 8*258 2 8-429 2 8*603 2 8*781

4 8*262 4 8-433 4 8*607 4 8*784

6 8*265 6 8-436 6 8-610 6 8*788

8 8*269 8 8*440 8 8*614 8 8*791

7 8*272 17 8*443 27 8-617 37 8*795

2. 8-275 2 8-446 2 8-620 2 8*799

4 8-279 4 8-450 4 8*624 4 8*802

6 8*282 6 8*453 6 8*628 6 8*806

8 8-286 8 8-457 8 8-631 8 8*809

8 8-289 18 8*460 28 8-635 88 8*813

2 8*292 ' 2 8*464 2 8-639 2 8*817

4 8-296 4 8*467 4 8-642 4 8*820

6 8*299 6 8-471 6 8-646 6 8*824

8 8*303 . 8 8-474 8 8-649 8 8*827

9 8*306 19 8-478 29 8*653 89 8*831

2 8*309 8*481 2 8*656 2 6*885

4 8-313 4 8-485 4 8*660 4 8*838

6 8*316 6 8-488 6 8*663 6 8*842

8 8*320 8 8-492 8 8*667 8 8*845

3 N 2

466

Colump. A. Indication on Sykes'* Hydrometer. /. iimiili.'l ColummB. Weight per, Gallop. Column A. Indication on Sykaa> Hydrometer. / imn, Column B., Weight i per Gallon. Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Weight per Gallon. Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Weight per Gallon.

40 8*849 51 9*050 62 9*256 73 9*467

2 8*853 2 9*054 1 2 9*260 2 9*471

4 8*856 4 9*058 4 f 9*264 4 9*475

6 8*860 6 9*061 6 9*267 6 9*479

8 8*863 8 9*065: 8 9*271 8 9*483

41 8-867 52 9*069 63 9*275 74 9*487

2 8*871 2 9*073 2 9*279 2 9*491

4 8*874 4 9*076 4 9*283 4 9*495

6 8*878 6, 9*080 6 9*286 6 9*498

8 8*881 - 8 9*083 8 9*290 8 9*502

42 8*885 53 | 9*087 64 9*294 75 9*506

2 8-889 2 9*091 2 9*298 2 9*510

4 8*892 4 9*095 4' ' 9*302 4 9*514

6 8*896 6 9*098 6 9*305 6 9*517

8 8*899 ' 8 9*102 ' ' 8 ' 9*309 8 9*521

43 8*903 54 9*106 65 9*313 76 9*525

2 8*907 2 9*110 2 9*317 2 9*529

4 8*911 4 9*114 ' 1 4 9*321 4 9*533

6 8*914 6 9*117 6 9*324 6 9*537

8 8*918 8 9*121 " ' 8 k 9*328 8 9*541

44 8*922 55 9*125 66 9*332 77 9*545

2 8*926 2 9*129 2 9*336 2 9*549

4 8*929 4 9*132 4 9*340 4 9*553

6 8*933 6 9*136 6 '9*344 6 9*557

8 8*936 8 9*139 8 9*348 8 9*561

45 8*940 56 9*1^3 67 ' 9*352 78 9*565

2 8*944 2 .9*147 I r l ' t 2 9*356 2 9*569

4 8*947 4 9*151 4 9*360 4 9*573

6 8*951 6 9*154 j 6 9*363 6 9*576

8 8*954 8 9*158 8 9*367 8 9*580

46 8*958 57 9*162 i 68 9*371 79 9*584

2 8*962 2 9*166 j 2 9*375 2 9*588

4 8*965 4 9*170 4: i 9*#79 4 9*592

6 8*969 6 9*173, ' / - 6 9*382 6 9*596

8 8*972 8 9*177 I -8 u. 9:386 8 9*600

47 8*976 58 9*181 .69- - 9:390 80 9*604

2 8*980 2 9* 185, , 2': 9*894 2 9*608

4 8*984 4 9*189 i i4. 9f398 4 9*612

6 8*987 j 6 - 9*192 f . 6 9*401 6 9*615

8 8*991 8 9*196 8. 9:405 8 9*619

48 8*995 59 9*200 j 70 9*409 81 9*623

2 8*999 ., , 2. 91*204 j r - ' 2 9*418 2 9*627

4 9*002 4> 9*207 n \ ."-'h '4 ' 9*417 4 9*631

6 9*006 6, - 9-811 1 Mf 1*6 'J. *mi 9f420 6 9*635

8 9*009 (, , 8 9*214» -j 8 f i9'<424 8 9*639

49 9*013 .60- / -9*2138 M | *71' o 9*428 82 9*643

2 9*017, 2 - M 93*222 . i-n. '9r482 2 9*647

4 9*021 - u4.*; . 9*226> i v -i, , , 4 t. - 9*436 4 9*651

6 9*024 1 t ' ' 0 i 9*229 3 .1 rp t(jf f 9 440 6 9*655

8 9*028 " I ' \ '8t -M, t! 9 *233* > > j - .*!..« i t., 8* ' i9f444 8 9*659

50 9*032 61 9*237 1 /72m1- m, 9'448 83 9*663

. 2 m i/9*036 . - 2 1 r* 9 241 - mi 'j .1 r. jji- [i 9Y452 2, 9*667

4 9 *'039 i r..'r 1 t-4/i *' 9*245 f., 1; r ' II .4*M u 9?456 4 9*671

6 9*043 . 1* I..I l.h-6. M m»9"248-j, m. 6'1 1 ' 9<*459 6 9*674

8 9*046 |t M. >'-.-8; , 9*252 i . i M. 1 1 ' ' M S I1 1; 1, -, , J *, 9*463 8 9*678

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 114

467

Column A Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Weight1 per Gallon. Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. weight1 per Gallon. Column A. Indication on Sykes's Hydrometer. 'ColUttui B. Weight1 per Gallon. Column A. Ihdie&ttori on, 'Sykes's Hydrometer. Column B. Wteight perGahon.

84 9*682 88, 9*761 92 9*840 96 9*921

2 9#686 t. 2 9*765 2 9-844 2 9*925

4 9*690 l.:i 4 9*769 4 9-848 4 9-929

6 9*694, 6 9*773 6 9*852 6 9*934

8 9*698 I- 8 - 9*777 8 9-856 8 9*938

86 ft 9*702 89 i 9-781 93 9*860 97 9-942

2 9*706 2 9*785 j 2 9*864 2 9*946

4 9*710 .1 4 9*789 4 9*868 4 9*950

6 9*714 r 6 9-792 i .* 6 9*872 6 9*955

8 9*718 ... 8 - 9*796 j M- 8 . 9*876 8 9-959

86 9*722 90 . 9-800 1 94 9*880 98 9-963

2 9*726 4» 2 9*804 1 2 9*884 2 9*967

4, 9*730 MV 1" 4 i 9*808 . 4 9*888 . 4 9*972

6 9*733 6 9*812 6 9*892 6 9-976

8 - 9*737 §«; . 8 - 9-816 8 9*896 v 8 - 9*981

87 9*741 91 > 9*820 95 9'9Q0 99^ 9-985

2 9*745 -, t t, 2 v 9*824 1 .2 9*904 2 9*989

4 9*749 1 ,; »' 4; 9*828 -; ' 4 9-908, - 4, 9*994

6 9*753 !M V 6 ti 9*832 .6 . 9*913 v- 6, 9*998

8, 9-757 8 9-836 v i 8 . 9-917, 8 iO'003

4-1 I > 1 i i v t *> 100. i »*_*1 ' »* 10-Q07

c. i oir, '»! f cj; !v i , -m*- *

SCHEDULE1 (t)

Of Acts to be repealed. *1 ' *

__I__________\ i; it > v

Date of Act t'oi > To V y \ll *> Title of Act! "P f0 Mi i' It, Tit tent of Repeal. H

V iU){ *<> :L

28 Geo. 3. <*. 46.

Tft 2 Geo. 4. c. 82.

- AtlAet for discontinuing for! a'limited Time the

Veeve*"al Duties payable m i Scotland'upon Low 'Wiiies and 'Spirits, and upon 'Worts, 'Wash, and othe* Liquors there usecHh 'the Distillation of ^Spirits, and for granting to 'His Majesty other ^Duties in liteu thereof; arid' ifctf better regulating ithle Exportation of British<!4ri4dri Spirit# from England 1x> Scotland and fromu Scotland to England; and to continue for a limited Time an Act made in 1 the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of.His present Majesty," to discontinue Ibfc A limited Time the ' Payment of the Duties I ripdn Low''Wines and ^Spirits for Home Consukriptitfn; and for grant-^Ling and securing the drie'Payment of other ^THlties inTieu thereof; tatid for the better Regu-

Nation of the making and vdoding British Spirits;

# and for discontinuing for&Ihhited Time certain; ?Jhtposts and Duties upon'Enin and^ Spirits im-

iported from the: West Indies^ I (i

- An Act for allowing to Distillers 'Of Spirits for Home

Ctendumption in Scotland a*Brttwbackk)f a Portion ' of the Duty on Malt used* by them^and for the

farther Prevention of Smtigglitig of Spirits on the Borders of Scotland and England.

The whole Act.

(TH^'Whote Act.

r.i-ot-? <)

<H O *

Date of Act Title of Act Extent of Repeal.

3 Geo. 4. c. 52. An Act to grant certain Duties in Scotland upon Wash or Spirits made from Corn or Grain, and upon Licences for making and keeping of Stills, and to regulate the Distillation of such Spirits for Home Consumption; and for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred Mid twenty-four. The whole Act, except Sections 107 to 127 inclusive *

4 Geo. 4. c. 94. An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Spirits distilled from Corn or Grain in Scotland and Ireland, and upon Licences for Stills for making such Spirits, and to provide for the better collecting and securing such Duties, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty. The whole Act, except Section 133 *

6 Geo. 4. c. 58. An Act for providing equivalent Rates of Excise Duties, Allowances, and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt, and on Spirits made in Scotland or Ireland, according to the Measure of the new Imperial Standard Gallon. The whole Act.

6 Geo. 4. c. 80. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of Spirits distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling, rectifying, or compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the warehousing of such Spirits without Payment of Duty for Exportation. The whole Act, except Section 145.

9 Geo. 4. c. 45. An Act to amend and to make perpetual, and to extend to the whole of the United Kingdom, certain Provisions contained in several Acts for regulating the Rectification, compounding, dealing in, or The whole Act, except so much of Section 2 as relates to the Prevention of private

retailing of Spirits, and for preventing private Distillation in Scotland, and to provide for the Payment of the Duty on Malt used in making of Spirits from Malt only. Distillation in Scotland.

11 Geo. 4. & 1 Will. 4. c. 49. An Act to impose additional Duties of Excise on Spirits. The whole Act.

2 Will. 4. c. 29. An Act to reduce the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Scotland and Ireland. The whole Act.

2 & 3 WilL 4. c. 74. - An Act to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Mangel WurzeL The whole Act.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 75. - An Act to repeal the Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof, and to impose additional Duties on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom. The whole Act, except Sections 9 and 10.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. 72. - 1 An Act to impose countervailing Duties of Excise on | Mixtures, Compounds, Preparations, and Commodities made from or with Spirits removed from Ireland to England or Scotland, or from Scotland to England; and to grant countervailing Drawbacks on the Removal of the same, to repeal the additional Duties of Excise on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom, and to alter the 1 Laws relating to Distillers and Retailers of Spirits. The whole Act.

Date of Act. Title of Act Extent of Repeal.

5 Vict. Sees. 2. c. 15.- An Act to impose an additional Duty on Spirits, and to repeal the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Ireland. The whole Act.

5 Vict. Sees. 2. c. 25.- An Act to repeal the present and impose and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Mixtures and Preparations made with Spirits when removed from or into England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively, and to suspend for a limited Time so much of an Act of the present Session as repeals the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Ireland. The whole Act, except Section 4.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 49. An Act to reduce the Duty on Spirits in Ireland, and to impose other countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on the Removal of certain Mixtures and Compounds between Ireland, England, and Scotland respectively. The whole Act.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 65. An Act to determine the countervailing Duties payable on Spirits of the Nature of plain British Spirits, the Manufacture of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, imported into the United Kingdom, and to prohibit the Importation of rectified or compound Spirits from the said Islands. The whole Act.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 6. - An Act to further encourage the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar in the United Kingdom. The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 100. - An Act to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Sugar, Molasses, and Treacle in the United Kingdom. The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 121. - An Act to alter the Laws and Regulations of Excise respecting the Survey of Dealers in and Retailers of Spirits, and respecting the Sale and Removal of Spirits by Permit from the Stock of such Traders, and respecting the Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures recovered under the Laws of Excise. ' The whole Act, except Sections 9, 10, 11, 18. and 28.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 122. - An Act to amend the Laws respecting the warehousing of British Spirits in England, Scotland, and Ireland respectively, and to permit Spirits made from Malt only, and Spirits made from Malt and other Grain, and rectified Spirits to be exported on Drawback from any Part of the United Kingdom, and respecting certain Spirit Mixtures and the Removal of Goods subject to Excise Regulations from Customs Warehouse. The whole Act, except Section 26.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 37. - An Act to impose additional Duties on Spirits in Scotland and Ireland, and to alter the countervailing Duties on Spirits the Manufacture of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark imported into Scotland or Ireland, and the countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on the Removal of certain Mixtures and Compounds between Scotland, Ireland, and England respectively, and to amend the Laws relating to the collecting and securing the Duties of Excise upon Spirits. The whole Act.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 27. - An Act for granting certain additional Rates and The whole Act, except

Duties of Excise. Section 8.

18 Vict. c. 22. An Act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties of Excise. The whole Act.

Date of Act

\ , i 'TMexrfAc*.

-u

18 & 19 Vlict. c. 94.

' tl'.l HfV

1 o hi

r; J.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 51.

21 & 22 Vict. c. lo.

T! ---- V 1 ' r

An Act* to impose increased? Baited of Duty of Excite on Spirits distilled in ithe to

allo»< M#m Sugar, iai>d. MplasqC&l to he used Duty-

ft ^rpPjin rthe*disfijjing of Spirits, $p of Allowances and Drawbacks on such Spirit§, .Sugar, and Molasses respectively, and to amend (the Laws relating to the tiuties of Excise.

r An Act to ^etriilt the Xf$6 6f Iticefin the Distillation - of Spirits; */.

An Act for gwmtiw&- certain additional Rates and Duties of Excise.

Extent of Repeal

Sections 1, 2, 3, 4. 9, 10. 28. 30, 31. 33 and 34.

The whole Act. The whole Act.

Provisions of Sections 195, 196, and 197 of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 107. extended to all Bonds lo the Crown.

As to Entry of Satisfaction on Judgments.

V., c a p. qxv.

An Act to simplify apjl s^end: £bs, lniqtipe(«^ iko the , bmtry of Satisfaction on Crown Debts and oe: Jfudgiaentsj i- i j i ' _ n.i ...

[28th August 1860.]

X\7 WHEREAS by several Acts of Parliament Debts and Obligations to the Crown,

* Judgments, pending Suits, and Annuities are severally required to be registered in 6 the Office of the Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, in order to affect any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments sought to be charged therewith, and i it is expedient to simplify and amend the Practice with respect to the Entry of Satisfaction ' or Discharge on the Registry thereof, Respectively Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by krfd 'witm the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ^d , Tefppora^j mid Cp^q ^, iq(j1jh^ fp^qt| £arjifiment> assembled, *nd by the Authority, of the same, .#, follows:

I. AJ1 fo^r^tP^pyisivn ^, ^pd, Rtgqfetfio^ Securities

relating t^ie OfW tCQht^iqq4)^B, S^tH«i# QApjJujudrcdi at*d, ninety five. One hundred and piuety^ and Qw HtwJfied ofr the A# passed, in :the Sefesion of Parliament holdcndft^/SSxtep^tlif^d^W^nth ire*rs, }of Her Majesty's Reign, ^Chapter One hundred and ^sey.ep^.^ll, pfflfitqtifi fflufancfa, be .extend< and shall be applied

to all Ronds..aqd, other S^ritiesinto .origivpiMo^ilar Majesty* Her Heirs or Successors: Provided always, that in every Case in which under the Provisions of the said Sections any Certificate is required to he signed or any. other Matter authorized to be done by the Commissioners of CdfetOtris, ot* driy'Nufribcr of "them, any eiich Certificate or Matter in relation to any Bo»hd oridther Security concerning of incident to any Public Department shall respectively'hfe'sighed Ahdddtib1 by th'e 'tfe^pecliv^ Commissioners or other principal Officers of" such Department, ' or f&ny TNv'O 'bf^fteiri ^fepectivCly, or if there shall be only One such (>)i^Ssiotiei^or btihbijM^ fry hhh, ds tpe 'Case'may be, or if there shall he Wof such Coiftffii&slcmefV br b^ht# principal Officer then bS^ the Commissioners of Her Majesty* frfthfettt; 7 v*' 1, 4U ' " ' '

II. The Senior Master pfjfhe .C^t ftf CpipmqfyPJea? at Ifystmnfter epay, upon the filing

with- )bim'or t^91], , <tjhe. Ef^t, fp^lowjpg, , be at liberty to

e"ter»wdingSait, Dia pendens. Decree, Order, Rule, Annuity, or Rentcharge or Writ of Execution, and such Officer shall he entitled for any such Registry of Satisfaction or Discharge to the Sura of Two Shillings laridiSikpciiiceilaiilimoimore^nAnd^dch MaStdi* issue CertSfibatCs of the Entry of

any* Sati^faetionr©c)Di8cfcar^and^way'charge (tho Sum of Oitc lShiirrng for every such Certificate. '*/« ^.1 n >' ' *' r - *

Form

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 116, 116.

471

Satisfaction is acknowledged between C.D. as to a i dated the

Form of Acknowledgment if - Satisfaction. 1

-4.2?. and

Day of 18 *

for the Sum of £ a Memorandum bf ^diich said " ' was left with the

Senior Master of the Court 6f Commbrt Pleas at Westminster oii the Day

of 18 to affect the Estate of and [?£ so] on the Writ of Execution

thereon, dated the;"Day of t 181, a Memorandum of which

was left with the said Master on the Day of 18

And, (or the JSxecqtor or Administrator of*) do hereby expressly nominate

and appoint of Attorney*at-Law to witness and

attest the Execution of this Acknowledgment of Satisfaction* / /

Sighed by the said the undersigned

in the Presence of me,

One of the Attorneys of Her Majesty's Court of

at Westminster, and I hereby declare myself to be the Attorney for

and on behalf of the said

expressly named by 7 /fad attend tog alt

request to inform him of the Nature and Effect ment of Satisfaction (tfhidh' I hbiordfinjgly did 11 signed by, > i, S i" % and I also declare that as Witness hereto as such Attorney.

A.B, the above-named

y [or F.G., Executor Administrator

mvcMuing w or AUmimstrator

feet of this Acknowlqdg- 0n *he id before' thfe sifaife I' J)av of 18 ' .

hat subscribed, fftatme1} > f I

n;

11ft I *.

t I ' ! .:*i / '

i 7 (ir

- f 1 - t I ' L I ' 1 f I '

I Mm/) *; \ I

n

. i >! TTT *t f) I-

jr ti J[

T

tr

: i. - in1 m«- , i* I

* mi vL*-I '

7.CUi!

to; .v.vs I.

,; I 'in *. 7- > 7* csl v-t» I ' 'ft. *: hm- <>\ r4- >* l h'/. -I h

<! i'<i:l» 11 - - I

An Act to ametod the liti^ i^elktJfig !t6 filCdtSdb, 1 tMtie^And '

County Coroners.

[28th ^w^MsM860.]

WHEREAS 1*ti is'esptedient1toameUd tKd Dilw1 vrijbh rtespeet'to thb' feiectiW add

* Payment' of' Coroners fbrCouhtle^, 1 and to'' expend the Provision^ or the Act

Seven and £&bt> Victoriai Cbfetet1 ' Ninety-two; W sill: 'CouhtlOS; wlWthljt divided into,

Districts or not:' Be it thetefwe! emicted1 by tKe''Qheen^ 'moSt ExcbllOiit1 Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consehi of1 thle liords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament asiemblod^ and 'by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say, »* . ' ' i. i i». i. 11 j i'' j i 11 $ .) v: / j i (> j i) j '' i *'"'* 1 J 1

I. From and after the passpm of tfea Act* aft the Provisions of, the Act Seven apd Eight Provisions of Victoria, Chapter Ninety-twq, shall, so far as the same may be applicable to the Election of 7 8 ^j^ded Coroners, be extended and be constrpecj to extend and apply to all Counties, notwithstanding £ »U Counties, the same may not have been divided ipto Two pr moye Districts for the^ Purposes of such although not Act j and every Election of , e, Cpropey toy a Countynotsodivided aeaferesgid. which may

have taken place previous tq the passing of this Act, shall )>e and the same is hereby, (declared foe Purposes to he as legal and valid to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever aq if such Election hod taken of such Act place subsequent to the passing of this Act.

II. From and after the passing of this Act, So mbch bfth& AotjSeVbn and Eight Polling at' '

Chapter Ninety-two, as authorises the Polfing at Elections for Cordriers to contiqup fer Two 'Sections for Days shall be and the same ib h^ebjr' re^aTec^ kind 'these^folih' such ^Pbl^hji' shall ji^n^inue continue for for One Day only.' 1 r" ' '-1 1, 1' ', One Day only.

J J . T ., 1 I, -, '! , f' ]!, tn V | .r l - 7f'f; I--1 1 *)»: - > J J

III. From and after the Thirty-fiFafc Day, of Z?aew6^0nj8n thousand ed^te hundrfd ^and Provisions as

sixty, bo much of any Act aa providea^for, the Remuiw»atibnjof> Cotoiyi Goronera by F^ee, toRemunera-Mileage, and Allowances, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. »j5»i ^ers^by Fe

23 & 24 Vicx. 3 O IV. On repe*led '

County Coroners to be paid by Salary.

If Coroner reftise to hold Inquest, Application may be made to a Judge for a Rule to show Cause.

Power to remove Coroner.

County of Chester to be henceforth subject to the General Law.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 116.

IV. On and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, there shall be paid to every County Coroner, in lieu of the Fees, Mileage, and Allowances which if this Act had not been passed he would have been entitled to receive, such an annual Salary as shall be agreed upon between him and the Justices in General or Quarter Sessions assembled for the County for which, or for some Portion of which, such Coroner shall act, such Salary in the Case of any Person holding the Office of County Coroner at the Time of the passing of this Act not being less than the average Amount of the Fees, Mileage, and Allowances actually received by such Coroner and his Predecessors, if any, for the Five Years immediately preceding the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand right hundred and fifty-nine; and such Salary shall be paid quarterly to such Coroner by the Treasurer of the County out of the County Rate; and whenever from Death, Removal, or any other Cause whatever any County Coroner shall not be entitled to a Salary for the whole of a Quarter, a proportionate Part of the Salary shall be paid to him, or, in case of his Death, to his Personal Representatives: Provided always, that in case any such Justices and any such County Coroner as aforesaid shall be unable to agree as to the Amount of the Salary to be paid to such Coroner, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and he is required, upon the Application of such Coroner, to fix and determine the Amount of such Salary, having regard to such Average as aforesaid, also the average Number of Inquests held by any such Coroner in the preceding Five Years as aforesaid, and also to the special Circumstances of each Case, and the general Scale of Salaries of County Coroners; provided also, that after the Lapse of every successive Period of Five Years it shall be lawful for any such Justices and such Coroner as aforesaid to revise, and thereby increase or diminish, any such Salary, having regard to the average Number of Inquests held by any such Coroner in the Five Years immediately preceding, and subject in case of their Disagreement to such Appeal to the Home Secretary as before mentioned: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall in any Manner take away, alter, or deprive any such Coroner of the Right to be repaid out of the County Rate the Expenses and Disbursements which may have been paid or made by him on the holding of any Inquest as provided by the Act First Victoria, Chapter Sixty-eight.

V. If any Coroner shall refuse or neglect to hold an Inquest in any Case when such Inquest ought to be held, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Attorney General to apply to the Court of Queen's Bench, or during Vacation to a Judge of any One of Her Majestys Superior Courts of Law at Westminster ', for a Rule calling on such Coroner to show Cause why he should not hold such Inquest, and if after due Service of such Rule good Cause shall not be shown against it, it shall be lawful for the Judge to make such Rule absolute, with or without Payment of Costs as to such Judge shall seem meet, and the Coroner, upon being served with such Rule Absolute, shall obey the same, and hold such Inquest, upon pain of being liable to an Attachment in case of Refusal or Neglect.

VI. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, if he shall think fit, to remove for Inability or Misbehaviour in his Office any such Coroner already elected or appointed, or hereafter to be elected or appointed.

VII. From and after the passing of this Act so much of the Public General Act Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-two, as exempts the County of Chester from the Provisions of that Act, and also the Local and Personal Act, Three Victoria, Chapter Eighty-seven, authorizing the Appointment of additional Coroners for the County Palatine J of Chester (except the Twenty-first Section of that Act, so far as regards the Head Coroners now in Office for the Three Divisions into which that County is now divided), and also so much of the Act of the Thirty-third Year of King Henry the Eighth, Chapter Thirteen, as relates to Coroners for the Shire of Chester are hereby repealed, and all the Provisions of this Act, and of the Public General Act Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-two (except the said Exemption), and all other Public General Acte, Laws, Statutes, and Usages relating to Coroners for Counties, from Time to Time in force, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, extend and apply to the County of Chester and the Coroners for the Divisions into which that County is now or hereafter may be divided: Provided always,

that

J

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 116, 117. 473

that notwithstanding such Repeal the present Divisions of the County of Chester under the Powers of the said Local and Personal Act, Three Victoria, Chapter Eighty-seven, shall continue, unless and until that County shall be divided into other Districts under the Powers of the said Public General Act, Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-two, and the said present Divisions shall be deemed to have been made under the last*mentioned Act, without Prejudice to the Provisions contained in the Twenty-first Section of the said Local and Personal Act so far as regards the present Head Coroners of the said County; provided also, that such Repeal shall not invalidate or affect the Election of the present Head Coroners for the said County, but (subject to any future Alteration or Division of their respective Divisions or Districts under the Public General Act, Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-two,) they shall continue in Office as if such Repeal had not taken place.

VilI. The Word " County" in and throughout this Act shall be deemed and taken to interpretation include all Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Hundreds, Wards, Liberties, and other Places the of "County." Coroners whereof are paid out of the County Rates.

IX. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to abridge or affect the Royal Preroga- Saving Rights tive, or any Right vested in any Person or Persons, to appoint by Patent or by Election, ox Crown» otherwise, any Coroner for any City, Borough, Liberty, Franchise, Manor, or Place, or the Authority of the Lord Chancellor, or to issue a Writ De coronatore eligendo.

X. The said Act of the Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter Ninety-two (as varied by Extent of this Act), and this Act, shall extend only to that Part of the United Kingdom called England Acto-and Wales.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to confer Powers on the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire certain Property in Edinburgh, for the Erection of an Industrial Museum for Scotland.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth ' " Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty, intituled An Act to is& i» Vict.

ratify conditional Agreements entered into by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and c- Public Buildings, and to vest in the said Commissioners certain Property situate near the ' College of Edinburgh in the City of Edinburgh, together with the General Register House (in the said City, and all Lands held therewith, and to enable the said Commissioners to

acquire certain Property near the Palace of Holyrood, certain Property was acquired and ' vested in the said Commissioners for the Purpose of erecting a National Museum of Industry for Scotland within the City of Edinburgh: And whereas it has been found that ' the Property so acquired and vested is of inadequate Extent for that Purpose, and it is necessary and expedient that certain Lands, Houses, and other Property situate in or

adjoining to Argyle Squdte in the City Parish of Edinburgh of Parish of Easter 01 Old i Greyfriars within the Royalty and City of Edinburgh, described in the Schedule fo thin ' Act annexed, should be acquired and appropriated by the said Commissioners for the ' Erection <of the said National Museum of Industry: And whereas a Plan describing the said Lands, Houses, and other Property to be acquired by the said Commissioners undet ' the Authority of this Act has been deposited in the Office at Edinburgh of the Sheriff

Clerk of the County of Mid Lothian Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, aUd by the Authority of the same, as folio wfe:

[Short Title.]

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Industrial Museum (Scotland) Act,

Ifc60.

3 0 2 IL " The

8 & 9 Vict. c. 19. incorporated.

Interpretation of Terms.

Commissioners of Works incorporated for Purposes of this Act.

Cotriini&ibtfers, to carry Act , rt into execution.

Value of Lands to be" ascertained distinct from Damages.

1

» tva-VI

As to ^peivsc $ of Proceedings before Juries ' and Arbiters.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 117.

II; The Land* Clause# Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845/' save and except such Parts ate tfetate .arid-sa farioikly as sutJi Parts relate; to Compensation for any Damage or Injury todr, to injiirkmBly affecting ainy Lands byireason of the Execution , of any Works, hnd abo save and except Sections Fifteen* Sixteen ,; Forty-eight, Eighty to Ninety-two inclusive, 'One hundred and iwerityto One hundred and twenty-eight inclusive, One hundred and thirty^oj/One hundred and thirty-five, One hundred and forty-two, and One hundred an, d for^y-rthree of the said Act, shall, so far as the same may be applicable to and not inconsistent with or modified by this Act, be incorporated with and form Part of this Act; and the Expression " the Special Ac.t^ in t^e £aid Act shall mean this Act; and the Expression " the Promoters of the Undertaking*' in the said Act shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and jPublic Buildings for the Time being, incorporated by this Act.

III. The following Words shall have the several Meanings hereby assigned to them:

The yV, ord Commis^qi^ers" in this Ac^ shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's , , \Vork^ and Public Buildups for the Time being, incorporated by this Act:

The, Word " Lands'/ in this Act and in the Act herewith incorporated, so far as the same relate , to the Purposes tkia A, ct, shall mean ami include Houses, Buildings, Tenements, Cellars, Areas, Streets, Squares, Ways, Paths, Passages, Stairs, Galleries, Walls, Yards^ Shedsj Workshops, Water Tanks, Gardens, vacant Ground, and Subjects oftevery De&Criptlotl and of every Tenure, and all public and private Rights, Liberties,

Privileges, and "-Servitudes of every Description, m, over, upon, under, or through the sameori nriyAfthem.

") ' I ' i i (} ' .; ', , *< \ x: . M I:, < I , :il| ,

IV. - The Persons whoifoii the, Time ieing, nnd^r theiProvision ^, of thor Act)Fourteenth and Fifteenth] iKzcttnrfa, Chapter Fortyttwo, shall he of Hqr Majesty's Works

and Publfc .BnmMngSyshall: forthfe iPureses, of, 'this- Act.arjn; ^er^y constituted Corporation by the Nbme and Style ofi" The.Comwus^iouW of ^M^j^ty'§<Worhs and

FuWkBriiidings*"and bytbat Name shall h&va perpetual widite. SWj

to be by them from Time to Time altered as they may think fit. iM,

W it fehall 'be la#ftil fot- the Commissioners and they are1 hereby1 authorized, out of any Moulds 'Whfchf lihve been or which may be appropriated by Parliament, amd putr at their Disposal for ithat Furjiose/to jiurbhaOe hnd adquire, as provided in thisA<rt atad in the Act herewith incorporated, the LaTKk described on the said deprisIledPlam and in the Schedule tb this1 Act aOnCked, ' and tb pull doWrt and remote the BViildmgs/ thereon, ^when sb purchased, fetid t6'' .tetoi-Opriilte thef Sited; of the1 said iBuildiigk, and all hhe Ground2nltentioned in the said Sfebefttile, whether ridV uteed ris Street, feqdteneri, Ways, Paths, Passages/ Yards* Gardens, Flea^tri'G^puhdte, 1raeaW; :, Ground^or /otherwise, Tor the Erection thereon1 or onsome Part Of* PattS'tJietedf bf Btfilditog or1Buildings fer the said National Mubeubi df Industry, and the iieccteairy1 Aeeefeste Arid Approaches thereto* amP to carry the Pbrrposes of this Act into execution in manner herein mentioned; 1 j 1 1: i '' i i; > (i:

1. in, all Cases of disputed Compensation Ijor Xarids to be purchase*} 6r acquired by the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, and the Act herewith incorporated, in which the Verdict of a Jury shall be given, or the Award of Arbiters or an Overstnan shall be issued* thei Jury, Arbiters, ear. Owerswott shall in such Veidioti or Award; state isepirately and difetiiletlyriiei Amountibft Compensation awarded iri.ne^)ec(b of th^VahiOtaf such Lqwfe, and the Amounft if any, awarded in respect !of Daotege I sustained I oil to besuatsined/from thei Lost theaecof i by the iBiurty from, whom! such. Lwdsi mre, to iacquir^.and the Jury* Airbitere, >onOverfaman shall, if required by the CJiHnmiasiOnsrs^jdecJafS innsuoh Verdict or AlwB^Mvbether the^ Partioulwr&iief the Claim i have baempompuied, wade tip, >etod delivered to the Commissioners in such Manner as to enable them to mahSiiaiopriipeirr Ofirer of Omjwnsfttimi.

'' VII. In :«U Crimea Wheie by the Verdict' of-n Jury br the Award df AAiters o^ an Otei-enlaH; tt leas !Stoti!lie| aitarded to tte& Pttrty dlaimipg!'Goidpensitiot)* than had been prhyioAidy the G)oibnMncetnbnt of the Inquiry offered to him by tho Ocmirtiiasioiiere, and whelro by BUfchYeHlkk or "Award lit ifedeeitired that the Pattieulara ofi the Gkim have not ' ' been

VIII. No Purchpqe phqll frq rof$p Jaytjh$ Pwws^ojiers /or the |W except with the Consent Qf(; the, of Hep Idaje^ not

2S° & 24° VICTORIA, c; III.

been computed, made up, and delivered to the GowiniiEBiomerfe in-such Maaandr ad !to eiiable them to make a proper (^r of Oompenektiott, the Partyso dRiming shWlmotetoly heliablfe in Payment of the Expended incurred byhim iivtke Dour&of iiheInquiry, bufci alto ih Payment of the Expensed incuiTed by the GommiB&idnere in* the 5nquir^.as the same shall be taxed by the Atdito^ of the Gdu^tofSdsaioh, nnieds the Jubry^ Arbiter *, >0t>Owratoan by a special Finding declare that ^he Gomnrisfeionersshall bear i their io1vn/(Expenses;

I /or the purposes of this Act

, t__________ .T 7T T r T) r fcys Treasury, /but it shall not

be necessary forafly Sailer to, such Consent has been given, nor shijdf the Commissioners, be bound to produce to auy ^Seller any Evidence of such Consent; Provided that such Consent may be given either generally, or for any particular Purchase or Purchases, as to the Commissioners of Her spestyTreasury shall dfeefn meet?-/ ., 1 .* \

IX. All Lands purchased or acc^ui^ed by the Comitiissioners uti^er the Authority of this Act and to the Act herewith incorporated shall1 be vested -in theth for the Public Service, and shall be subject to the Provisions of the Act Fifteenth / Victoria\ Chapter Twenty-eight, and in all respects as if such Lands1 had been hequifed under the Provisions of that Act.

Xk The Right and Property iof-alliheiIlnpleiVients, Gtensilsi ap<J Things whatsoevfer whiok may; be 1provide<(i*b^ thei CommissionevS) or by; their; Ordeii, 9* ngder any Contract to be entered into - by them* <w iwrhich Imay otherwise belong (onnd. be! , us^d by them for the Purposes of this Act, and also any Materials which formed Part, of any Buildings which may be pulled down by the Direction of the Commissioners, in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, Bhalt be vested in the Cotomidsioneife, add«they nre» hereby eitipow'efred to dispose of and apply the P^i^po^s of tMs Act a«lA©y.shall thidhifit^ and»<to

bring ariy ActWn; and to^prosebute hny Fersdti'wjio ihril stekh 'se^ete^Jaycnte, ddriut^ej or dispose of the same'Or atijr bf theto1 reaped VeljJ fco their 'ertrb ftfse and AJscIs, or sb*Ji; d*eturb the CoramrisBiOntertf Or! their OflScbw JOif other PeAbo^s actiifg *uihderl them hl theiPdssebdidii thereof. -1 *T*(f v< *i{ f> >* >!n in*: 1 wi ^>/m* i

475

Purchases to be made under the Authority of the Treasury.

Lands acquired to be vested in Commissioners for the Public Service. Materials, &c. vested in the Commissioners.

linn (II M

>, T

XL It shall baibwfttl iwitWComn^8WWt-fl., tQ, '#ltW»)wi4pB, 1|bi]^ge, joytriipp otlpervise Poorer tpal(er vary all such Streets* Ways, ' Pathd, PaaspgefJ, Roa<J^, criA«9e^cs, 1CQBnBctf?(l1iadjoin ing, or nearto.or which nOvt lead; into, or pass ithroqgh, the Lands, tq h^i ipnrph^ise^ er acquired, as aforesaid, .as!shall .bo.defeessary-for, the Purposes of |thin Actend, the, £faopqd and Soil of such Streets ^, Waytoji tPhtbd, Passages, Bwls, | ipr, Acpafisefi, />i; , Pacts/ thereof respectively, as shall be.so altered , : (widened^Jwtidiged lover, qriQthefiwise; variety , stiall be and are hereby vested in the iComwlsguMiefA for, tbp-Purposes- of tbia.Act ,; , fcpyided th^fthe Commissioners shall cause, to. be constructed, an. Access pr Cpinmunicatipp. between the Buildings of the University of, JZdinbtnyA' and the Buddings. , of tbt jfqfcional iMuseum of Industry, the Use.of iwhlch.[Access, on Communication eluiU; be subject, ip .such. Jtegn^tions as the Commissioners may from Time to Time prescribe.

XII. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to raise or lower the Qround of any Streets Street, may or "Ways which shall coptmutoicafe YitJ1 tpe. Building or Buildings' sp to be erected as aforesaid, or any Pqrt or Parts thereof. (i. ', V.

XIII. Ifc shall be dawfvrt for 41ii Commissioners to1 purchase, take/ and Use for the Lands may be Purposes of this any of the Lahds described ori< the; said 'Plan nnd /in the Schedule , to taken notwith-this Act annexed! although such-Lands, Or the Nirme or [NAmea of the Owner, Lesseevor Occupier thereof, may hafpeb to b^ erilorieously^ stated dr omitted inr'*tb»'aaMi Schedule^ dole, provided it shall appear'to 'and-be1 certified1 by* abty Two 6r ino^e iof the Jhsdcesi of tlre Peace for the jGity of 'Edikkurffli tYidtmreh Errot Omission ^prbbeeded frorii 'Mistabe

or emmeoosiInformation.

XIV. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners to pull down or cause to be pulled down Power to clear all Houses, Buildings, and other Erections purchased or acquired under this Afit, iflr such of them or such Parts thereof as > they shall deem expedient, ito be pulled-down, end to- level rials. and dear the Ground wheteouithe tomCtstand, add all othen Ground, fobp.purchased uudef this Act, - in such Manner; as. they shall, tbihk, .proper, and, , £*/they, shall.see| fit, toi sdl or cause

476

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 117.

cause to be sold the Materials of the Houses and other Buildings so to be taken down and removed; and the Monies produced by the Sale thereof (after deducting the Expenses of pulling down such Houses and Buildings respectively, and of such Sale or Sales), and also the Rents and Profits of such Lands as may be purchased or acquired under this Act, until the same shall be pulled down or cleared, shall be received and applied by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act.

Actions may be brought for Breach of Contract.

XV. In case any Contract entered into with the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act shall not be well and sufficiently performed according to the Intent and Meaning of such Contract, or in case any Work to be executed in pursuance of this Act shall not be executed according to the Intent and Meaning of any Contract entered into with the Commissioners, or shall not be completed within the Time or Times specified in such Contract, then and in every such Case the Commissioners may cause an Action to be brought in any of the Courts of Law in Scotland against any Contractor or his Sureties for any Penalty contained in his Contract, and on Proof of the Nonperformance thereof at the Time or Times for that Purpose therein mentioned the Commissioners shall be entitled to and shall recover the full Penalty contained in any such Contract, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding, which Penalty, when recovered, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if they think fit, to compound and agree with any such Contractor for any Penalty incurred by him or his Sureties for the Breach or Nonperformance of any such Contract for such Sum of Money as the Commissioners shall think proper.

Surplus Lands XVI. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners from Time to Time in such Manner as

may be sold. they may deem most advantageous, with Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to sell, excamb, feu, or in any other Manner dispose of or to let all or any of the Lands purchased or acquired by them under the Authority of this Act, and which may not be required for the Purposes thereof, and to execute all Conveyances, Contracts, Leases, or other Deeds and Writings that may be requisite and necessary.

Lands acquired XVII. All Lands that may be acquired by the Commissioners by way of Excambion by Excambion shall vest in them for the same Uses and Purposes, and with the like Powers in all respects, misdOTCT^ 118 are hereby declared with respect to Lands purchased or acquired under the Provisions of this Act.

Monies to be XVIII. All Monies payable to the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, paid to Pay- arising from the Sale of any Lands or Materials or otherwise, or which may be payable by master General. way jjen^ premium, Feu Duty, Compensation, or otherwise, shall be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General for the Time being, whose Receipt shall be a sufficient Discharge for such Monies to the Person paying the same; and such Monies so paid as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be by such Paymaster General paid over and applied as the Commissioners shall by any Order direct, and in the meantime shall be applied or nvested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, if the Commissioners shall so direct.

Contracts made XIX. All Contracts made by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and nusdraer^1" ^ubbc Buildings in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Act conferred on the WoriuTto be Commissioners shall be valid and binding on the Commissioners as if the same had been *alid. under their Corporate Seal.

Commissionera. Notices and other Writs and Proceedings which under this Act are to be given

mmiMioner*. ex^yted by the Commissioners may be given or executed under the Hand of Donald Home, Writer to the Signet, their Solicitor in Scotland, or of their Solicitor in Scotland for the Time being, or of Robert Matheson, their Surveyor of Works in Scotland, or of their Surveyor of W orks in Scotland for the Time being.

Notices to XXI. All Notices and other Writs and Proceedings which under this Act are to be

Commissioneri.- given to or served on the Commissioners shall be given to or served on the said Donald Home or Robert Matheson, or their Solicitor or Surveyor of Works in Scotland for the Time being

4T7.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 117.

being, by being left at or transmitted through the Post to their respective Places of Business in Edinburgh.

XXII. No Deed, Bond, Discharge, Receipt, or other Instrument which shall be made or Deeds and executed by, to, or with the Commissioners, or otherwise, for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now in force, or to stamp Duty, any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments be specially subjected and specially charged therewith by any future Act.

XXIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall defeat, abridge, or injuriously affect, in any Saving Rights Action, Suit, or other Proceeding, the legal Rights, Privileges, or Prerogatives of Her of Her Majesty. Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

XXIV. Nothing in this Act contained, and nothing done under or in pursuance thereof, I^ectio? shall extend to charge the Commissioners or any of them with the Payment of any Penalty Sonera per-or Penalties, or to charge, affect, or make liable the Person or Persons of the Commissioners sonally. or any of them, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or their own proper Lands,

Tenements, Goods, Chattels, or Property in, under, or by reason of any Actions, Suits,

Arbitrations, or other Proceedings whatsoever, at Law, in Equity, or otherwise, instituted, agreed, made, or taken under or in pursuance of this Act, nor shall the Commissioners or any of them be personally liable, nor shall the Property of the Commissioners or any of them be liable to any legal Process or Execution in any such Actions, Suits, Arbitrations, or other Proceedings as aforesaid.

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

l.l.l.l.l. Dwelling House, Miss Isabella Camp- John Cochrane, John Cochrane, M.D.,

1.1.1.1.1. with Cellars, Areas, bell, residing at M.D, No. 17, No. 17, Argyle

1. Outbuildings, Back Ground, and Division Walls. No. 4, Melville Street, Edinburgh; Miss Agnes Broun, also residing there$ and Archibald Broun, Esquire, Advocate, No. 40, Drummond Place, Edinburgh. Argyle Square. Square,

2.2.2.2.2. 2.2.2.2. Dwelling House, with Cellars, Areas, Outbuildings, Back Ground, and Division Walls. The same Alexander Maxwell Adams, M.D., No. 16, Argyle Square. Alexander Maxwell Adams, M.D., No. 16, Argyle Square.

3.3.3.3.3. Dwelling House, AlexanderCallender, James Watson, James Watson, Teacher

3*3, 3. with Cellars, A^eas, Outbuildings, Back Ground, and Division Walls. No. 27, Grey Street, Edinburgh. Teacher of Arithmetic, No. 15, Argyle Square. of Arithmetic, No. 15, Argyle Square.

4.4.4.4.4. Dwelling House, Mrs. George Watson, Andrew Gibb, Com- Andrew Gibb, Com-

4.4.4. with Cellars, Areas, Outbuildings^ Back Ground, and Division Walls. No. 23, George Square, Edinburgh, mission Agent, No. 14, Argyle Square. mission Agent, No. 14, Argyle Square.

478

28° & 24° VICTORIA, W7.

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lessees tr n reputed Lessees. 1

6.5.5.5.5. 5.5*5.5.

6.6.6.6.6.

6.6.6.6.

7.7.7.7.7.

7.7.7.7.7. 7.

8.8.8.8B.

8, 8.

Dwelling House, with Cellars, Areas, Outbuildings,

Back Ground, and Division Walls.

Dwelling House, with Cellars, Areas, Outbuildings,

Back Ground, and Division Walls.

Tenement of Dwelling Houses, with Cellars, Areas, Outbuildings, Back: Ground, Sheds, Co-11 vered Passage, and Boundary and Division Walls.

Dwelling 1 House, with Cellars, Areas, Outbuildings,

Back Ground, and - Division Walls.

9.9.9.9.9. 8.9.0V;

10.10.10. 10.10.

Dwelling House ,; WlthrCwfors, Areas, Outbuildings,

Back Ground, and Division Walls.

ftefeteuW Ground in Argyle Square, with Plarapets, Copes, Iron Rails, and Gates enclosing the jsame.

James Lindsay,

Fruit Salesman,

No. 13, Argyll Square.

The ReverendThonuM

Hardie, Wester Foulis, Crieff; John Forrester, W.S., No. 8, Drummond Place, Agent.

John Ord Mackenzie, W.S., No. 9, Hill Street, Edinburgh, as sole surviving Trustee of the late John Mackintosh, Surgeon in the Royal Artillery.

William

No. 10

0

f: r fUM-': i

7/Oil 1<

Miss Isabella Cataip^1 bell, residing-V1 art 11 No. 4, MdviHe Street, Edinbuig#; ']1 Miss Agnes BKMiA, also residing filtered and Archibald1 Broun, Es^lifre; Advocate, Ndi'/40^' Drummond Ptiq^> Edinburgh.

Mrs. Ebenezer^ Wallace, No: 18, London Street,

Edinburgh, r and Ebenezer Wallace, W.S., her Husband; the Rev. James Duncan, Minister of the Free Church at Temple, by Gore-bridge. vf J

Miss Isabella Gfhh; bell, residing No. 4, mi Street, Edinl Miss Agnes Broui^ also residing and Archibald Broun, EsWtri^, (Advocate, Nd? M<i, Drummond Plkcfe, Edinburgh .;

../ v/

The Revekend James Wright, No. 12, Argyle Square.

The

.) Reverend Nisbet, Argyle

The Itevetend James

b'GwAwiO 'M.D

Mo. 'ft Art Squired "

James Lindsay] Pruit Salesman, No. 13, Argyle Square.

The Reverend James Wright, No. 12, Argyle Square.

John Smith, Tailor; Mrs. Mary Scott; Matthew Combe, Tailor; Mrs. James Hamilton; Mrs. Margaret Macfarlane; James Thyne, Draper; Robert Macfarlane, Gas Surveyor; James Barron, Butler; all of'; Ne. !ll, Argyle

The Reverend William Nisbet, No. 10, Argyle Square.

Tim . Revj

q '

iImyt Jinm -i-V:

A /- *!

L> M.

» I: t

toiY t2 & £2

16.

Owners or Mprted Owners.

, Lessees or repvted Lessee*.

>1.11.11.

II.

12.12.

ja.18.13.

13.13*18.

14.14.14.

Tenement of Dwelling Houses, Shops, and Warehouses in Brown Square.

Potion (of ruinouB Tenement.

Remaining Portion of ruinous Tenement, with Workshops, Areas, Stables, and Bound-and Division

7.

Enclosed Space and Shed.

The Honourable Walter Elliott ..of: Wolflee, Madras Civil Service; and Samuel Hay, Manager of the Union Bank of Scotland, Edinburgh, his. Commissioner*.

23 & 24 VICT.

The Lord Provost, | Magistrates, and

» Council of the Qity of lull Edinburgh, James Laurie; City. / CLerki^NPo. 10, Royal: Exchange, RdHH burgh; and, (the. City of Edinburgh Paving

William Dupcun^ S.S.C., No. lf Re-riot Row, Edinburgh, Clerk,

Charles. >M<Gihbon, , Builder; No., 7* East, | ^Clanwaont Street, Edinburgh *

The Lord Provost, Magistrates, an4 Council of the City of Edinburgh, James Lauri^ City Clerk, No.lO, Royfld/ Exchange, Edinburgh; and, , the City of Edinburgh j Paving Boar^ William DvmgW* S.S.C., No. h % riot Row, Ediq-burgh, Clerk.

3 P

John, fichtltse, Printer, 'tiMrs. " Anne Mackenzie, Jane Go wans, all of Now-.. 20, Brown . Square, Edinburgh; Mrs. Jane Gowans, .Grocer, No. 21, Brown Square, Edinburgh; Messrs. Muir and Wilson, Commission Agents, Nos. 22, 23, and 24, Brown Square, Edinburgh;

, and William Muir and Thomas Wilson, i the individual Part-. - pers of. that Firm;

James. Hunter, Pro-i., *visuMa, Merchant,

No. 26, Brown Square, Edinburgh.

James Doull, Joiner and House Agent, No* lAy West Adam; >.Stre^ v Edinburgh; . William) Anderson ,; . 4, Slatpr, i and Glazier, //No» J(V North College Street, Edinburgh.

The same; and James Hunter Provision Merchant, No. 26, Brown Square, Edinburgh.

Robert Beriw and Alex. Berry, Builders, Nos. 22 and 24 (Society, Edinburgh.

. i 11 v/

., m' >

It*-; *11, 1 *

n i! "!>

C.

No. on Plan* Dwoription of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees of reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

15.15.15. Range of Buildings, comprehending a Barm Brewery, Stables, Coach-houses, Lofts, Dungstead, and Cellar. Sir John Hall of Dunglass, Baronet, as sole surviving Trustee of the late Mrs. Isabella Atkinson or Potts, Widow of the deceased Thomas Potts, Merchant and Grocer, Bristo Port, Edinburgh. i i The Union Barm Company, Alex. M'Kean, Baker, No. 2, Charles St., Edinburgh, Treasurer. The Union Barm Company, Alex. M'Kean* Baker, No. 2, Charles St., Edinburgh, Treasurer; Archibald Aikman and Co., Merchants, No. 1, Victoria Street, Edinburgh; Peter Wilson and Co., Spirit Dealers, Regent Arch, Edinburgh; Robert Berry and Alexander Berry, Builders, Nos. 22 and 24, Society, Edinburgh.

16.16.16. 16.16.16. 16. Enclosed Space, with Walls and Door. Edinburgh Water Company, Alex. Ramsay, Manager, No. 123, Princes Street, Edinburgh. Edinburgh Water Company, Alex. Ramsay, Manager, No. 123* Princes Street, Edinburgh.

17.17. Cellar, with Walls and Roof, John Ord Mackenzie, W.S., No. 9, Hill Street, Edinburgh, as sole surviving Trustee of the late John Mackintosh, Surgeon in the Royal Artillery. m - m James J amieson, Bookbinder, Society, Edinburgh.

18.18.18. 18.18.18. 18. Bleaching Green, with Boundary and Division Walls and Stairs. Miss Isabella Campbell, residing at No. 4, Melville Street, Edinburgh $ Miss Agnes Broun, also residing there; and Archibald Broun, Esq, Advocate, No. 40, Drummofid Place, Edinburgh. + Mrs. Berry; Robert Berry, Builder, /^©. 24, Society; Alex- under Berry, Builddr, No. 22, Society; Rev. Janies Wright, No. 12, Argyje Square, Edinburgh; Rev. Thomas Hardie, Wester Foulis, Crieffj Rev. James Gardner, M.D., No. 9, Argyle Square, Edinburgh.

19.19.19. 19.19. City Wall - The Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, James Laurie, City Clerk, No. 10, Royal Exchange, Edinburgh .; 1 i i

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 117, 118.

481

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 30, 20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 20.20.20. 2U.20.20. 20.20. Streets, PavedWays. Road Ways, and Passages. The same* and the City of Edinburgh Paving Board, William Duncan, S.S.C., No. 1, He-riot Row, Edinburgh, Clerk. The Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, James Laurie, City Clerk, No. 10, Royal Exchange, Edinburgh; the City of Edinburgh Paving Board, William Duncan, S.S.C., No. 1, He-riot Row, Edinburgh, Clerk.

The Lord Provost* Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, and the said Miss Isabella Campbell, residing at No. 4, Melville Street, Edinburgh, Miss Agnes Broun, also residing there, and Archibald Broun, Esquire, Advocate, No. 40, Drummond Place, Edinburgh, are the reputed Superiors of the Properties above described.

The Owners of Nos. 1 to 9 inclusive have a reputed Right of Servitude over the Pleasure Ground, No. 10.

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Local Government Act (1858), relating to the Districts of Nottingham, Sunderland, Hastings,

Reading, Chatham, Dartmouth, Tunbridge Wells, Sheerness, Sandgate,

Wilton, Bridgnorth, and Dorchester.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of "The Local Government Act* 1858/' duly made certain Provisional Orders, which are contained in

the Schedule to tikis Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government ' Act that HO such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been ' confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed,

and further Provision made in relation thereto: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

l. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and Provisional after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect

as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act. e con 1111

II. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with The Local Government Act,

1858," and shall be as if this Act and the Baid Local Government Act were One Act. 21 & 22 Vict.

C. 98.

m. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, short Title, or Document whatsoever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures, u The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1860 (No.

W &> 2# WST&Wl&r & life.

1

- 'r''t ' I, - { - i j/ i'.|f }> "fjn Hi r I >'i >iIt , woH

.. ., SCHEDULE <, <; . -nti io L*r'iu ifr'fffq

OF r1

: *: i 1 *; - . v '; - - . j u> r'\ u ff

!t - I ^oyiaip^Ai, , (^piu^p^ferr«i4 IP in tbja, pr^du^gY4i?ty: Jfr fT

I. jit flohie1 the Ltrtfds Cl^ti^ff Gkir^ltd«tion Aiat% 1845} for the

Pui^hh^ att^trfkrn^ 6f Latldk qljherttisetfoatf by 1 '* '^nr[

i. Sunderland. — Pairing in force the Lands <6lauSc3 Consoftdation Ap^ 1 84^ for the Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements., 1; J 1 1 J -

, 3* iniorce the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase of Lands for Street Improvements and other Purposes.

4. Reading. — Putting In force the Lands Clauses Consdidafiori Act, 1845, for the Purchase

5. Chatham. — Repealing Local Acts in force within the District.

6. Dartmouth. — Repealing and qU^ring Parte of a Local forc?{ \pithj? District.

7. Tunbridge Wells. — Repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act ififereewkbiB the

J (tonr

VO lO-IT T >(i >

f MU

8. Sheerness. — Altering the Boundaries of the District of Minster, as constituted for the Purposes of the Public Health Act, 1848.

the borto^ing Powers of the Local Board (if ^ealih; ,

>M). rExtending the borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

f-I1:'^the borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

liriWf^WtW.^Extending the borrowing i^ower^ Yt Be Local poag&jtf

h:iR

mivl

ir i >'»^rru

ii_ IJ h.in

mK

) .ItMlinlY

NOTTINGHAM.

Pruvisio'fta^1 Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

UuPm# o£w, Local Boar$ forJhe Borough of

of Lands fy\the sayi Board, otherwise {fan by Agreement. I a Yiu-n'1

' 'LcIcal GorfiriijMENT Act, 1858.

L"ii -r .nul; f

Whereas the Mayor, AidCrMen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham, being the Local Board of Health in and for the District of the said Borough, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75 th SetttidnAf the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying wJiK^ the reduiteirlChts of that Section by1 duly giving knd serving all hqtiriCtf th^fey dhwt^d, prese^tedaPetitiop, under the Seal of the (said l/ocal Board, todne of If el:

Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Con^ojr Act, 1845, to enatyp the aforesaid Local Board to purchase cert«po pieces of Iand^>bui _ and premises, for the purpose of enabling them to form, alter, apd ipiprpye certain sjU^ts or roads within such Borough. *h>; H J>n«

And wherCas the'-said Petition^duly eet foiTtih in thei Schedule annCxed thei^tddhe BMdial pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to 1>e t&keil by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and Occupied df^thfe nfO^Ceaftl Wnds, buildings^ and, premises who have assented, dissented, apd are neuter ioj-espect of ^h'^!taking thereof, or who liavC returned no answer to the notices issued by such Petition pmyjed t^t the said Board migljt, \yith reference tq, suph Jap ^, bi^a^ig^L s^iqtWe-mises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Cousoliq^fup, said, with respect to t}he purchase and tiding iff l^pd^Qtfe^wwe tl^ by i|grf(W^ir; f#mj>n the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary > of iState- for IhAnfiiome Department directed Alfred Dickens, Esquire, the Inspector^ appmutedifor ^thrrpdi^ to

visit the said District* and the said Inspector has now inquired in the Di#t)SbtihfbKrai£into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now*,

m fc 2jT. % m-

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me Objr tftdXbtal'Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct,

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Mayor, Alderriidti, and St^e^'e8 of the Borotigli'of Nottinglrim, being the Local Silt t/I B*wfiw4hs, |ft^, Bmi^hi^#>e.wapqw^4, t9, putTO %^|with«f^psnce to the lands, buildings, - and pr-eqtiseei ittjfarqd. fco, wJ, dpflprifcqd i» , t>t|£ ScjMwei tp, this Order

silt vit respect to

the purchase and taking of lands otherwise bvjjgreement.,

Given under my Hand, tins twenty Second day of June 1860. ' 1

i' I )->, : on; ^(gi^ned) G. 0. Lswife.

>"< >i j 'll f j 1 <: t j: T; rniiv/i; t< j; , i .j j lot -[.!» 1

S'j:il'miM f, t; ! T ,; -, r -j _ , u , ...

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purpose$ $et forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the Borough of Nottingham, are the following, the Figures in the Second Column referring to those on the Plan mentioned in the Petition of the J ' aforesaid Lbcal Board of: Health, herein-before described.

483

>tb

IHhHW 'KMofr iH

r Description of Property.

mil lol <(% , -vj)'\u\L

i bVUi' 1-

No.

bt

Owners or reputed Owners.

*' :> r , : .mi' 'M ., { f ^:fi

High Street Place.

.il.di-; '.I! io l.'iji.ul f

.ild mH M I'm-H liM-.I House, Khop? Warehouses, Store-rodmd; St&Mty YaTdk, Cellars, Passage, and Premises in or near the Poultry and High Street.

Honse, Shop, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Chandlers Lan^.

Wkr*eh'6use, Passage, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

odl ^niod 'io *1 n»*[, >' 1 j" to

lo y)afuf>'un\ ni ^.r/uif

r.jtj. iri*t t */v

.lJSWWliWte

r -.Ii i>" fM*wl o 111 M

MS':

to "*> J i\ r 1 :»{i.ii:11 :r.

11

\! /.II

MM,

1; i; - Mi:

Jill //O'i It- f :Ml) u t: I

M'i ii, j

LOU 0>!

The same - . - John Hutchinson

VM I invonu.! ->dt

T/Y:arc/

. v$.«:, n| -s

(Jeorg$. '' 8 lie It on1' '\he ' "yolinger, ' *" -EUi^th '

K.-il j* /. *!, i: rr t/ rRrftIand>

William Burgass, and Samtielxu; HMWillnMtt, ' .(OWricralb rii [- George!

f, !, Erfeth<%oB^g9g9»).(| ,; '.-j -n(

!.W TlUU 1-

4hI w.«; 11.-1''. ., .ii -i , Km

b and Praises iti or 10 The same -, »

.1 Mi| >*:, m, frMiO; , ' -Pit f't h

f!l 'iitar Ci'iiiridlej'S liahe, -urns', 1'Stoop, Tai-d, and .Pri-10 Hetu'' the PoWWy '

and High Street. InHaBKipiiSMtyt l artA./ErenifaabB Linda dW-. p4an .Jte , J*o«lt<y, i

aqjbKf^lJo )-.»>--n^d ...

Cnanalers.Lana.

lLoii£ ari'4 'Pr'eiiiliek 'iii '

(>n, MA\oMvWue 'J uj.i

n<ctoh6ri «Y, > MPaitthgM, ! ami 9moCbtiMifidln^aat«ifliew Ctautd

1: n

j;

* 7'Hi

»i:n ii

hv\ 15'im

hip-xir^f T'*JJ .rioil/M *

oJ > *-; -ii I o/If .'niuj-M j.Mi'11/.

dJwhHbjaaWtl uiit m h'niifjmi v/oii <\va\ 'fMi > mj-x 1 [)n:< id) j>oj:

V

The same

, 13n! ':i iIBbefsame^ii'-M'im i'I hi

; ri I n -mmi; -ji-j ,; fi/is/.y

HU »'.i *- 'I n. :l\ //I Mill ')o r-.M.T'M .(I J .'ii} J.-lttl i-Hfl O nil//.

ftie'MinV/" I''I, "'; 1 1, iB '

j -ixiL.T 'iiiJ io 'nil M-noi hi ju

4Plitf^iJlhbJ, rij: oinf iing miJj oj i-hhjwi Mia fbiw

rixiin to tiji-ooi H/ll Iim) io u'f) trnirin/iqo(I

-^*H-rrpW

mi 7

-i<L Ocr —

cupiers.

x*w >. /s '

li f t' f b'Jz*. i j'H J , T1^ Nottingham I^rmanent Benefit Bmtding -Society >n tthd thedSsrfcht.'Northern

temnson and

George Sheffield.

John I^utch\usor\. and

Samuel AViiiftage. V

AlbbriS^and John

M^IWr^:vsv, A V

n/.(; [/! Hffj KK i ioif 7/ ft/df Jo fvuvdl hlHO'il

Cliiu'les Effcel'rilfi. '

* ro

The same.

* >.i; mi :i iutl:i v iioi

; JaitiesiAddlesefe^ A

) tfj I>11i; find io ban .o^oi-piM] dMir- lot

-ri:n oif// io doriodt

oJ bowolb: o<J tHjMin

fwoZ

Ion l<di f»/; :x v)i{) ti->i / irooioii) fJi<mj*x yint) ^inl biiL nioitii /I iImh io i jUinir ty'ijdiiK oih

Warehouse and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Houses, Shops, Workshop, Yards, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane and Bottle

6

19, 20. 22, 23 and 30.

Mary Ann Henson The same

« John Sellars.

- Robert Eades and Henry Miller.

Lane

House, Shop, Passage, and Premises in Bottle Lane.

House, Shop, Pantry, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane and Bottle Lane.

House, Shops, Pantry, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

House, Shop, Cellars, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Maltrooms, Maltkiln, and Premises in or near Bottle Lane.

Common Yard and Outbuildings in or near Bottle Lane.

House and Premises in Bottle Lane.

Houses, Workshops, Yard, Pantry, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane and Bottle Lane.

House, Yard, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Workshops and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Schoolroom, Staircase, Stables, Haylofts, Yards, and Premises in Bottle Lane.

House, Shops, Cellar, Rooms, Passages, Staircase, and Premises in Bottle Lane.

Common Passage in or near Bottle Lane.

Shops, Warehouse, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Houses, Slaughterhouse, Stable, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane.

Houses, Yard, Passage, Outbuildings, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane and Bottle Lane.

House, Passage, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

House, Yards, Shed, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

House, Shop, Yard, Buildings, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane,

21

The same

James Bacon.

24 and 28

The same

William Nuth&ll.

25, 26, The same and 27.

29 The same

- Sarah Dickinson and Char-

lotte Dickinson.

- William Smith.

30 and 33

The same

31

The same.

- James Rogers.

32

The same

John Durranda,

34, 35, 36, Anthony Shepperley, 37. 29. Susan Shepperley, and William Thickett.

40 Robert Mackley Musson -

41 The same -

38 and 39

The same

Samuel Morley, Arthur Morley, Rowland Stage, and Adam Murray, and John Hartshorn and

Joseph Bagshaw.

Robert James (Occupier).

George Sims (Lessee).

George Sims (Lessee and Occupier).

Isaac Newton and Isabella Rutland.

48 and 49

The same

50

The same.

- John Bagshaw, Henry Bray, and William Thomas Hebb.

42 Frances Elizabeth Good-all, Charles Kayes Goodall, James Good all, and Thomas Goodall. 44 The same -

45, 46, 47. 51, and 52.

The same

George Sims, William Marriott, and John Shepherd.

Frederick Hucknall, John Waters, and Mary Ann Brocklesby.

Frederick Hucknall, Alfred Bates, and Alfred Barber.

54

The same

- Henry Lawrence.

55, 56, and 57-

58.61 and 62.

Frances Elizabeth Good-all, Charles Kayes' Goodall, James Goodall, and Thomas Goodall. The same -

Charles Oakland Charles Goodall.

John Lees.

and

Description Property. No. on the Plan. Own« or reputed Owners. Occupier*.

House, Shop, aod Premises in Chandlers Lane. 59 and 6Q The Mme Frank Barton.

Common Privies and Ashpit in or near Chandlers Lane. 63 The same.

Common Tarda and Premises in or near Bottle Lane. 53 The same, and Bobert Mackley Musson, Charles Goodall, and George Hickling.

Slaughterhouse, Booms, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane and Bottle Lane, 64 and 65 Charles Goodall - Charles Goodall.

House and Premises in or near Bottle Lane. 65 George Hickling - Bartholomew Good.

House, Shop, Yard, and Premises in or near Bottle Lane. 66 and 67 Charles Goodall - Charles Goodall and William Hunt.

House, Yard, Workshops, and Premises in Bottle Lane. 68 and 69 John Frost Sutton George Frederick Kirk.

House, Yardy and Premises in Bottle Lane. 69 John Shore, Elizabeth Shore, and Arthur Wells. John Swiftdley Wright.

House, Workshops, Yard, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane and Bottle Lane. 70 George Lewin George Lewin.

Warehouse and Premises in Chandlers Lane. 71 John Stanley w ' John Stanley.

House, Shop, Passage, and Premises in Chandlers Lane. 72 The same - - Samuel Roe.

Common Yard, Common Passage, and Premises in or near Bottle Lane and Warser Gate. 73 and 74 The same.

Warehouse, Offices, and Premises in or near Bottle Lane and Warser Gate. 74 The same Edwin Hartshorn, David Marks, William Brown, James Gadsby, and Francis Lees.

Warehouse, Booms, and Premises in or near Bottle Lane and Warser Gate. 75 The same ' William Tomlinson, David Adams, and John Beardr sail.

House^ Bakehouses, Yard, Passage, and Premises in or near Warser Gate and Chandlers Lane. 76 and 78 William Goodwin John Goodwin.

Houses, Passage, Privies, and Premises in or near Chandlers Lane. 78, 79, and 80. The same ' Mary Ann Margeson and William Goodwin.

House and Premises in Queen Street. 87 Sarah Milnes - Thomas Addicott.

Houses and Premises in or near Queen Street. 82 and 88 The same - William Eciward Hebb.

House and Premises in Queen Street. 89 The same - - James Haslam.

House, Passage, and Premises in Queen Street. 90 The same - John Price.

House, Passage, and Premises in or near Queen Street and Warser Gate. 91 The same John Burbage.

Common Yard and Outbuildings in or near Queen Street. 81 and 83 The same

23i & 24riVi(m>nims:^i8£

House and Premises in Queen Street and Chandlers Lane.

House and Premises in Queen

Street.

House and Premises in Queen Street.

House, Workshops, and Premises in or near Queen Street, Chandlers Lane, and Carlton

Street

House, Shop, and Premises in Queen Street.

House, Shop, Yard, and Premises in Queen Street.

House, Shop and Premises in or near Queen ^Street and Warser

(r.lte.

Warehouse, Yprd, and Premises in Warser Gate, j (, , \t

Houses, Shops, Workshops, Yard, Passage, Outbuildings, and Premises in or near Carlton Street.

House, Shop, Yard, and Premises in Carlton Street.

House, Shop, and Premises in or near Carlton Street and Chaptdleps Lane. ... j-

House, Shop, and Premises in Carlton Street.

Common Yard and Premises in or near Carlton Street and Chandlers Lane.

Yard, Passage, and Premises in or nehr Pelham Street.

Printing Office, Warehoufei, and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

House ,; Shop, Surgery* Stables, Coach-house, Yard, and Premise; *, in or near Pelhain Street and Chandlers Lane.

Shop and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Passage and Premises in Chandlers Lane.

Public House, Brewhouse, Stable, Coach-house, and Premises in ot iietir Chandlers Land and Pelham Street.

Common Passage in or near Chandlers Lane and Pelham Street, jnj ot I1' '<n

Printing Office and Premises in Chandler* Laute.

Shop, Warehouse, Manufactory, Passage, and Premises in or

I T>Xl1__ Cfi. i ^...1

84 Joseph Adcock

85 The same

86 The same -

- sf frits odT

93 Elizabeth Henshall Bret-

land, William Burgass, and John Black.

foM hun oiiuw >dT

94 and 95 The same -t, r I -

96 Alfred Westwick

97 Charles^ Wells, Eliza

Wells, and Bott Parker.

98 , The same -

100, 101, William Flewitt

and 102.

103 William Redfern

104 George Alfred Walker -

104a The same -

1045 The same.

.8081 TKtfMKHaYOD JAOOwI

107 The same

uo'H/n sdt io 898s9gniU lmn norm!

108 The same

r<| ni.'wi:d ftoA bm; hobniiS 1o

William Wright i )-ln:*oJ

iv*T08 bon gulvig *(Inb vd " Inoowl bins odt lo Ico? tnq ot Intiofl I000J

The same

Sarah Peat.

.oonJ ^lolbnadO John Barks.

wr io hn« 9MFoH

Ann Hutchinson.

io boa

Elizabeth Henshall Bret-land.

.onn J aiol sit .-oi/nT .bir.Y nornrno'O Elizabeth Westwick. n«f

* .9iwnl

Alfred Westwick.

Richard Cornelius Nutt.

fcoeimoi'I brut, 9Ida)# , 98iioH 90ad nsltolE) moil William Ruddle.

- r i ^eoH William Flewitt and Frederick Johnson.

John Brown (Lessee and Occupier).

William Taylor the younger.

\ i*YytO iMoMwA.

William Bai nes.

tVyuiS. sM

The same

109 and 110

biton II,;

jo ono ot fblr 112

I 112

I .rigwoi

113andll4 Elizabeth Day

Jo Jut od ot .iohrmlni agnibliud Im

near Pelhain Street, ' Chandlers Lane,

, ' A

and

0 KloiqiJOOC

»' 114a

: bimfl fk

117

ins: n

ti^-i / ol .01 rft otui bi,

bni5 , 8008891 tv\oavfO sift The same

F8 vd bonsai soiton odt ot

Thomas Holmes.

blA sot 8B97SdW

William Williams.

IgnoioH odt isbno jfguo'iofl William Wright and Thomaso Harris.

, dt lobnn ^noititsH b bstnss

1HWP lomlw-

John Stanley.

dona alfljnfr sm/udguoioiu

Nathaniel Warren. j > n A

rft bun bn/d 'io esssiq Lmvse lo soman sift bn« ^sssoq-ruq __ gnibliod

rsweafi on bsmuto'i svad odvi

nnj; J

of 9oasioioi dtnr ttdgim b'laoH bine sdt tadt Richard William Preston Richard William Prestom i»d

fto bnnl lo gnid/it bnc sands Dapifll Underwood.

[/ f JJ

orii c97iupsH fniieuA irrpni v/on 2nd lotosqsnl bins tir.qsf ^Inb s«d bnu ^noitilsH , T0I V LS 3 6S

Daniel Underwood and William Underwood.

-rioij; lonisiCI sdt fti f*r .nosisdt bs

<7

281 BrfiiWmTDHIffiJ-'-c.J I*;

4871

Descripltofl a*f> Property.

House and Premi^%jfeP4&ajr -i 19 *o Chandlers Lane.

House and Premises in or near 120 Chandlers-lasted ^*-f 11 noA House and Premises in or neajr 121 -JClttndlM^MUe. iiJ9«issiI3 I -loift lUifltw House and Premises kfc4^and-< ^§18ft rn*\ lers Lane. .>for>i8

Common Yard, Privies, an I 123. 127. Passage!qiw^adlofaaififeijs ' 134. and Lane. 136.

, i-»r/r4> >77 fvml A

.ttuPl p.tiilsino') Jrjsd'>iH. rfsti.-L House, Stables, and Premises in -p^ifcrtoJd or near Chandlers Lane.

oihbuH nuiiWVlf Public House, Passage, anjd 137 bftemis^iw^Chandl^S1 LAfieu - Miv

.nopndol* aton^bsYI

boa ooas^J) nwoiH rrdoL .(T9iqfiOoO .legauo^ odi io1yp, T rrrfiiiii 7/

Provisional Order vuttina in force DistrictWm of

irr'.rJrfhlv^iK on the Plan.

>4&A^Ct:'Cfo][per, fiannaji: Cropper^ j and John St&fektyi j

The same j - - r

i.' f'(*, >. -nil' j ?>8 fi

The same i - j-

ri iinwUwVd i sq I -

ItWe'bmle - - !-<

urfoi.

[aii i /

The same, and Mary

James Tomlinson, u'} WfifitoAA Woollard " Creeke, land Johh

wttym); w I

(Mary ^Siirtpson, Johh Morley. and Jamqs YIV^Hdson. j

The same -

V'l rrmifliV/ 1 fIO{ .00 r

, .201 bun

rV

; i1 v6cs6bpk<rfc

.:k m. i >'i ' -u'h i > i> t'; > *

Mi it' V{. , i - >-; . [

William Bonser.

» miU hi i.im .VI iMi; : il

William Bonser and Jdfeph

-r/ 'H

4B^ilbTCW)hber.il f 1 - -151

oJ .:>in.J »

__________ k ..-V.

r >'; -''!hhV1 biu; It

Jotfn 'Bfec-

croft, and John MartOil. 1

jfiiiinT Timm fFr; r. f Vm u* If

John MorleVY' T ' ): 1

1 (fOtfr d'I'> U

bb i'.mJ uO f nt'i r; <t , b'!r.Y

tAIvJI MinibiW; 801

nerKER&A«n.

-97*1

n; >' h n i\

"t^rrrrrr th-ttt v>

, b'iilY

brtr

inYr* iruti;

frrrr-M fr

t r

q., !>

.) Ill .-..I t'>-> *; <; m

_____ _ the Lands Clause Consolidation Act, lu, ^,

rbjTttr TJ6^tn^i3vard of Health for fke noryugn oj Sunderland, m tFie^Cd^ift^ (^p l \ Durham, for the Purchase of Lands by tfi^i^mrd fp^{ Str^ f^r(^df j.l{; y

f ' br; i! h'inri noihuO

mr.l >M iliiMi*.; }' >

Local Government Ac|r, 1858.

Whereas Sdermen, and Burgesses of the feorou^li of i«>

County of^f^lpg^the Local Board^Jlfltfth in a»d for the ^Dwtrbefc7Wf?the Borough, under the Borough of Sunderland Act, 1851, have, in pursuance of the llVovisioiisn^ ofathftilTfttli jiHhe| Local- GoV^nfifentr.iAic^ 1858; naflflf afte*'l<fc<tapWw^ requirements of thatiBettioni by duly giving and serving all notidefefrfhercfby directed, '

sented a Petition, under the :Seal of the said Local Board, to one of HdP^esfv'S'Kinci^ii! Secretaries of St^te, for . authority to put in force, |he Ls^dp ClauS^

1845, to enaWiT^the fSSoresaid Local Board of iieaTui tp purchase certain pieces of land and.'1 { certain buildings fa^hf9f{p^rpqse of enabling alter ap4 impppye; .afrjept ^, wd

thoroughfares within such Borough. i,;

And wh§^6i8 /(hte^Ik^d, ' /B^tltion 'duly Ydll ftfrtK Itl ttiW ^(^uleS^tui^tf ' ^KWej; 6' jtl^er

1 " " ' *' 1 lifflliwa

"he *mi>a

___ _ h the i^ipg i^oreof, ipv.i.n

who have returned noansweij to the notice issued by sujch Board; andiHuthllfetitiod pra}*ed; i > that the said Board might, with reference to such land' and buildings, be allowed to put ourT forcAdhei^cmetfei^ftlMfliAidsiC^aicn^r<x)6Hsid»tvfrh^ afoifefeaid, t^feh-fe^pefci?«0 the^in^1 chase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of su<A 'J^tm6^ fi ) Her Majeh^'1^lifc}pttlw(Sejc^y, >W/Bm for 'Honf^epartrribrit11 direqtid1 Hehry f' (Austin, Esquire, the Inspector to visit.

said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter, of ' such. Petition, and has duly reported thereon. T 1

23 & 24 Vict. 3 Q Now,

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 118.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, — \

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, being the Local Board of Health for the said Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement *

Given under my Hand this Eighth day of June 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis *

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following; the figures referring to the figures on the Plan mentioned in the Schedules to the Petition of the Local Board of Health herein-before mentioned: —

Lands proposed to be taken.

Number on Plan.

A piece of ground comprising 70 superficial yards, with the gate, stile, and wall thereon, situate at the east ends of Vine Place, Derwent Street, and Olive Street, and between tho east ends of Vine Place, Derwent Street, and Olive Street, and Building Hill Lane, adjoining the Borough Road on the North, in the Township of Bishop wear mouth, in the said borough of Sunderland.

A piece of ground comprising 45 superficial yards, with the walls thereon, situate between the back street east of Waterloo Place and the back street west of the south part of Fawcett Street and adjoining the cross street leading east from Waterloo Place and the cross street leading west from Fawcett Street in continuation of Athenum Street in the said township of Bishopwearmouth, in the said borough of Sunderland.

A piece of ground comprising 52 superficial yards, with the walls and iron railing thereon, and adjoining the last described piece of ground on the north, and a portion of which is part of the shrubbery on the west side of Fawcett Street and aborning a cross street in continuation of Athenwum Street, and the other portion is ground whereon a wall is built between the said cross street leading east from Waterloo Place and the said shrubbery in the said township of Bishopwearmouth in the said Borough.

The piece of ground comprising forty-nine superficial yards and the walls and iron railing thereon, a portion of which is part of the said shrubbery, situate on the west side of Fawcett Street, and adjoining or contiguous to a cross street leading east from Union Street, and also adjoining or contiguous to a cross etreet, being a continuation of St. Thomas Street; and the other portion of which is ground upon which a wall or walls is built, between the cross street leading east from Union Street and the said shrubbery, and the said street a continuation of Saint Thomas Street, in the township of Bishopwearmouth in the said borough.

The ground comprising one superficial yard, whereon certain posts are fixed, between Manor Place and West Sunniside in the township of Bishopwearmouth aforesaid in the said borough, and the posts thereon.

The ground comprising one superficial yard, between West Sunniside and Saint Thomas Street, whereon certain posts are fixed, in the said township of Bishopwearmouth in the said borough, and the posts thereon.

And also tho ground whereon certain posts are fixed, in a cross street known as Dannatt's Court, leading from Norfolk Street to the back of Nile Street, comprising one superficial foot in the said township of Bishopwearmouth in the said borough of Sunderland, and the posts thereon.

No* 1 on Plan

No. 1.

No. 1 on Pluij No. 2.

Nos. 2 and 3 on Plan No. 2.

t

Nos. 4 and 5 on Plan No. 2.

No. 1 on Plan No. 8.

No. 2 on Plan sNo. 3.

No. 4 on flan No. 3.

HASTINGS.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 118.

HASTINGS.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Hastings Local Board of Health, in the County of Sussex, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Street Improvements and other Purposes.

Local Government Act, 1858,

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Hastings, in the Borough of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied, and in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of and duly signed by the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase, otherwise than by agreement, certain pieces of land for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving the street or roadway within the aforesaid District, opposite the Lower Lighthouse, leading from the Marine Parade to the Fish Market, and to dedicate the same partly as a highway and partly for other purposes in such Petition described.

And whereas the said Petition, and the Schedule thereto annexed, duly set forth and described the pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid pieces of land who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking such pieces of land, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking; of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed William Ranger, Esq., the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the stud District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, iftake Order and direct, —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Hastings, in the Borough of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement

Given under my Hand this Fifteenth day of June 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewi8.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following; the figures referring to the figures on the Plan mentioned in the Schedule to the Petition of the Local Board of Health herein-before mentioned: —

Plan. Land proposed to be taken. Owner, Lewee, and Occupier.

3. All that piece or parcel of land or ground, containing by admeasurement 8 feet in width and 12 feet in depth, together with the small wooden erection or shop now . standing thereon, situate opposite the lower lighthouse, and used for the sale of fish. Richard Moore and Sarah Moore, his wife (Owners). Joseph White, (Lessee and Occupier).

3 Q 2

* .c-.

Jui

* 'iii

jb i/i

T>j

if* i> j

IIIJj;

ri

Plan. '^vnT-n-.^.n \\\ -T.-?rr^'->1r^' v, V > A -)/. n: > >.t Lin* propmd|to^b^iaiwtT I-irr* '!11 if ruiv ititJiMi: ibb-if] h. (im/iM ir!:.'iu, I >it , Qmumkhm&, y.i I.l.|()

3. w ill.! -|; ', <{, - »"4, 'V*rtr hi'* -'*U 'h'l hi All that piece^ nr-parcel of land ot, ground, containing by admeasurement 10 feet in width | and 18 feet in depth, together -vyithi the, w:c|oden j enegtimshop py, standing thereon, situate opposite the lower lighthouse, and used -lor- the sale-of fish. — - . _ — '* —:— h'fM — rv^irti-H — rrrr-nr+f- 1 .rTmntt rm r)i: H- - J oaeph -Jfcixiia' '(Gwner itru, .^"*i — -inVi i; miiitr — bm: n^TTrrff

' > *! , i. tl y *!»- ) .* t , 1 j il J'U, b:i VI iivmi]!^ V1 I. *ul

/io'..-. I' W/ -/l ibI/L J TM^fu/C

.(*>/'< I , i >'; *>.) .Hi11! Mt'-i/I rv; oyI

H-il 'iri.tl. ' Vi:') frj- ' ' V' htm >lii fl-r//(J

Provisional Order pitting in forfe t1\e Bands Clauses Consolidation !£ ct, {1845.]J tqtyir^the District of; £Ae, Heading, £cvrq/ Board of Healthy for the Purchase of Land 1$/{fhe said Board; , t/il

j . Il //'" *, .!». lt I >«

t [. 51 m!.LOM< GOVERNMENT ACT, 1858.

I ' *; !; , 1 / .n; : :ti'; .-I ,; , 1[//

Whereas theiLocal Board of HteaHhlifor the District of the Borough of Reading, in the r'Ciitihfyj bf Bdrks, to ivhicH the Public Health Act; I $48, wtt1Atafy applied by-d^xij^kyBfll Ordetfofthb Gen^tal ^oil-d of Hbalth, bearing date the12d day) of Abgnst, 't8)50, ^oriflMed

" - -... - -t>ns

by the Public Health ^plemental Act 1850; j(No. 3,) haV^. Ini^pursuaftctei/f of the 75th Section of the Loqal Goyejmmeri^ aftet eotaplying wimjthe

requirements of; that Section^ 'Jjy y publishing the advertisements, and serving all notices

thewfcJJ dbrecfed, presented PfitftW11* torffr ftte. e4 of thciwd iLqp&J _ .....

nHfer Manly's jPrineipfU) SwBefcuritfs of, Stbte, for authority: to bufr in , &#(th^ J^pds Glatii^e^ Oohsoliflation Act, d846, to, ^enable the said Local Board tojinirotaee pertauLpte's of land- messuages, buildings, andpremides, for Street Improvements, within rii©iii£breyaitl BUtria '"T'" I I -rivi mr*l , {T r f^nuTL «iulhv, (I

, 1Ml I it.i".J vV#*Vt *M j \\wmu, vr' cqr»d2

And vhbreaslthe said Petition duly set forthiaadldescritoedthe land £ud property iifctewed to be taken by; such Local Board, and the Outposts, fomrhidh llhe same>Fere:r>0^uired; and

saiu nuiiru iJJigjJL, wmi rtitfv|iwvisupj* Injun aiJU^piv^ptJi^y, .uc aiivwvu to pui/^in powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with/res^ frarch&^'and

taking of lands [otherwise than by agreement; and on jth^ .j^eeipt of such Petition^ Her Mftje&y?s PHOcJpal Secretary of State for ttye Hopip DepartW^Mireofced Esq., the Inspector appointed for the purpose^ <o wi$it theifcaid Boro Inspector has nbw inquired into the subject (matter of such Petition, and kas ^du^repdited theipop, f j ' tv/oH

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's jpjri^i^t^es hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested inj me by the Local jGoveim^; Aqik, l£#&i0qake Order and direct — j , wo5I

Tha^, ffrbd and, fltfWr the^iasfeing of any Act bf Parliament; ^bnfirnnng« tb)4 Orddivvtfie Local Boafd of Health forr the: Borough of Reading shall be empowered toiptrt in force, w^th ^peilce(tiJ the, wkid ajnd property referred to 1 and1 describdf^Mf^the Schedule to this tpr^r ariti^ked, the powers of the Lands f^usei1 ttbnsolidition :witt respect "tij t&e Rurcbpjie ^.j; |fki^0(|f(liujd8

Given under my Hand this wap Jsa nwoni

j | (Signed)'->I GUjCUIib^Q#.

giiiljC'jil

Schedule

.an*.* m\

— Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.-

buildings, and ppeloiacia proposed i to be taken, as described!' in the

- foregoing Order, by the Local Board of Health- named therein, together with; the names of

m

Description of Lands, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises.

; it *[) ni v y (jri, ' *(u n; .*: 1 1 ' hi.

0 wafer !or'repliied tlWner1.1 t I 1 t t T f' / / i l f .; f | 1 '* Lessefe or'feeputed Lcssfee.

M' i J 1 1 ' r ' t J k I J >.n m.u-, -

TT

House

monly known as Number 1, Middle Row, Reading. Dwelling House and Shop, commonly

o/lt /ii t£nibi: »/I io ibjn boAftflRo'j oropfnfBpaly,

en<fem9'fa, ^VIfttec.?r'1

i".0Dr]§fi llj". 'jnivi'i' I>iu!

of Health.

Ww <o\ > \\

i'\ im\\ s A f // A\ .

/< c r. i", /. i /; t/

nni I J'b lu i TI j..f H; Qhurcji,

?.jS%

; )*; -»viu: mTj -juj

M. higl

_o________r fcdaditoj^ IlOcfil 'Bdfltd

.l/i1* A'jf 'bf'Heafchji: 'in ' *

taV te1

Na^nberr."6^ Middle{

i)ijfiw^iReaftLngiiiji' // ./nnnfj /<n, [o Dwelling House and rri'- T>'- .Shop, commonly

bnglj r/BUW,;

vt-fiBodip^iii. ba/tl *lo >:

ffrhUiifr Hojtaa r *bd j orft%fo bovi.^fWlMte*;

Vf; bn>, 'to

I>ollftprtx*lf fe, c'UAldte i Row, Reading.

Dwelling House, com-

Row, Reading. oRW?tiifag() Hctas^ntantfl ni Shfptf b rrwwpaJy

J

Tfig^tfouse 0 and11

rtJfrWr-.

I

1

Shop, co] known as Ni .ttVaJHiddfe) Ro^ Reading.

Deacon, William Hedgecock Well- — William -Hedgecock

O) In. .<'1 inn. I b

The Representatives of the late John mil Qliili^o-oblkftgbjl: i Street, - ReufL *«

/kfifcg^nfnh. jib'b, >.*rj John BlafirraF64M.Ee-?

iTVedbririk .0 TUMwJn, b 'Middle Itow, Read *

jTitigJ fLiJr i» f ri .! Frederick Turjto;

- Kead-

''-'ia/gl1 f.i* '{'I :>i'i

; JBe«fHng) iBochI BoartV

liidf% ihw

odtkWwR.lft»>'t ..', 1, -, v!-, .f, .w! i^obn...?. Ifrdg%., SQu%

* <n\I. r..ti t.>: .v* ij

: >The

Thistle. Crlassford

nirh8^fG4dsgW# -1 su

l^}C)

steed, 10, Coley Hill, Reading.

Baughurst, Hants, and Mark Taylor,

Goring, Oxon.

Reading Local $pfqrd] k.WBiam Church, Prospect

Reading, and; e Church, Middle iw nr, Reiding 1 Tho-'' mae dSffl^t, I, GVeeh-land Villa, Hydraulic Road, Tunbridge Wells, Kbtf* «fed"A)hn Randall Whittingham, Middle *i* Rd^yR£a4hn£oi1 f (

WfllwSk// /; flhurchj , |irTfediba9itBlYatWi Ikuflruew-v

* 1 r

[»\

Kent and JohU. Randall

/ Whittingham," Middle ' 1 'Rdw^ R^ading! 1 ilj

the kie Johtf Jb :l«ish, «M /High '-/StBee^.t

fi:iI -n:< u\ Riendb^i in:

(n't , t-P yl.rb *rti:> - jj j

Mfb k*Jti Jnfu.n , h | /{ llf

[M "Ml fjif* , -.jTVjl j

fieprge., Shackel, ' Earlev

1 - itj - '< ^n yt i'' 1, «

, r(J .(*t *'< 'k i)-nnfr., t ».

'>n^ 11 ' 'I r

/' f, -T/f J i ' JftO r>' , 1 , Jt Hi b ji=jY %'i'tVMjfT .|[i f<.> r,

Thorites rSfteing

It S?rke-

j, :1^t%jii:e, Londop, '

P ct.lt ]:'MII via j f ajj u^vi*>

Occupier.

Wellsteed.

John Randall Whittingham.

A; > >ni\vA\

. " (\ \u

Ht njn^iV/

>Whit-

I oil.lnJ v.l: y.I

/ \\w.1 -'JJ io In t(Ut», *ru, rj»*n

Bonier and

/ fR^nister

: thcjflHOgpr-t

James' Banis^f and James 111 Banister r>ihd yobBger.

7(1 iv*At j.i o;

f* N>.olU

U" *

"U(; mi 1 -»!/1

rtfI Irn.ofl hi:; -

A -, [f 1(

-f'/n-.f 'jj v't/b j WilfiafoHept*.

i- :f !Vi, f> r (r - .[... I

Frederick 'turtom

tHfj in . /ji n >rt U> nib bmi t >in()

H iiV.nJ

f\>f , j'v; ti

i m r>* j (*/. tJnocc/upied.

ffUniy;

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 118.

Description of land *, Messuages, Buildings, and Premises. Owner or reputed Owner. Lessee or reputed Lessee. Occupier.

Dwelling House, commonly known as No. 100, London Street, Reading, with the Yard, Shed, Brewhouse, Land, Buildings, and Appurtenances belonging thereto. John Blagrave, Esquire, Calcot Lodge, Tilehurst, Berks; and Cecil Monro, Esquire, Hadley, Middlesex. Thomas Justins.

Land and Stable belonging to and in the Rear of the Premises commonly known as No. 108, London Street, Reading. Henry Clark, Kendrick Road, Reading. Henry Hutt, 103, London Street, Reading. Henry Hutt

Stable belonging to and in the Rear of the Premises commonly known as Nos. 104 and 106, London Street, Reading. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Reading. George Meloy, 104 and 105, London Street, Reading. George Meloy.

Dwelling House, Garden, and Buildings known as Number 1, Talfourd Place* East Street, Reading. Henry Clark, Kendrick Road, Reading. Harriett Willard.

CHATHAM.

Provisional Order repealing Local Acts in force toithin the District of the Chatham Local

Board of Health.

Local Government Act, 1858, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Chatham Extra, in the County of Kent, to which District the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the 19th day of July 1849, confirmed by " The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1849," have, under the powers and in pursuance of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to the Right Honorable Sir George Cornewall Lewis, Bart., M.P., as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal (so far as the Local Acts hereinafter mentioned relate to or concern the District of that Local Board of Health, to wit, the District of Chatham Extra,) of certain Local Acts of Parliament now partially in force within the District, having relation to the purposes of the Local Government Act, 1858, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals For their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the Twelfth year of the reign of His late Majesty Kang George the Third, intituled " An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the " streets and lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for " removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein and also —

An Act passed in the Sixteenth year of the reign of Hi9 said Majesty King George the Third, intituled "An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twelfth year of His present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets and

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 118. 498

lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein/ and to extend the provisions of the said Act to such parts of the High Street in Chatham as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town

And whereas in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, inquiry has been directed in the District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the Petition:

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to those matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act,

1858, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The several parts of the herein-before recited Acts of 12 George 3. and 16 George 3., in force within the District of Chatham, shall, except only so far as is herein-after otherwise provided, be repealed, so far as those parts of the Acts relate to or concern the District of the Local Board of Health, to wit, the District of Chatham Extra:

Provided always, that the repeal of those Acts shall not prejudice any rate heretofore made under the authority of those Acts or either of them, and not yet fully paid:

Provided also, that the several powers and provisions of those Acts respectively with respect to the collecting, recovering, receiving, and applying of so much of any or every rate heretofore made under the authority of those Acts, or either of them, as is not yet fully paid shall remain in force, so long, but so long only, as is requisite for the collecting, recovering, receiving, and applying of the same: Provided also, that the repeal of those Acts shall not prejudice any contract heretofore entered into by the Local Board under the authority of Section 13 of the recited Act of 12 George 3. and now in force, or any right or remedy under or with respect to any such contract, and shall not prejudice any of the powers and provisions of Sections 15, 16, 17, and 18 of the recited Act of 12 George 3. with respect to the assessing, collecting, recovering, receiving, and applying of any monies now or hereafter paid or due and payable by the Local Board under or by virtue of any such contract:

Provided also, that the several powers and provisions of the recited Acts of 12 George 3. and 16 George 3. respectively, with respect to the fulfilment of every such contract, and the assessing, collecting, recovering, receiving, and applying of all such monies, shall remain in force so long, but so long only, as is requisite for those purposes respectively.

Given under my Hand this Twenty-second day of June 1860,

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

DARTMOUTH.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Dartmouth Local Board.

Local Government Act, 1856, Sec. 77.

Whereas the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses' of the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardiness, in the County of Devon, acting as the Local Board in and for the District of the Borough aforesaid, in which the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, iq pursuance of the said Act presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the said district, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

An Act passed in the Fifty-fifth year of the reign of His late Majesty Bang George the r Third, Chapter Twenty-eight, intituled " An Act for building a Market House in 1 " the

in

" the Borough of Clifton, ID^rtmouth .Hardness, in the County of Devon, ami fur better " paying, lighting, widening^injl iinpro^nd other public places within

And whereas, in pursuance of1 the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been db^ql^jt the said District in respect^ of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient, to issue a Provisional, Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can <&e'jvafid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of jfhe powers vested in me by the said Local Government, Act, I, as one of Her Majesty^ Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the, passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order — - / ' . J, ' 1 */'?*: ' [, u > :? . i' t

1. — The parts of tlio said Local1 Act of 55. Geo. 3. Cap. 28. specified in the Schedule

hereunto annexed shaft be repeaTctli

2. — The powers, authorities* ^nd. duties of the Commissioners for the time beings acting

heretofore in execution ot all or any of the said paft$ of the said Local Act, shall

cease. j, e t '"i'll Gt i>/\X brn *

3. — All property and estate of'&e Commissioners acting in the execution of the said

portions of the said Locaf Act shall be transferred to the said Local hoard, and shall, as near as, circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board upon the same trusts, and fo^ the same purposes, as by such Commissioners.

4. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable by such Commissioners shall be satisfied' t)y the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property a^d estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made, 'and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board

pose, the Govern-such

Yjt. m-Muri , nu ) fi: ».>/(t bun

* iijpi'ir* ''.vi-'i iir/, 1 >

8f

1 be; - y; j v-hun ivi; n! J orb n.'t yflfurfjj; yCouoK

to finiunitiliiijj) odT — X 'i / .-.tiuil vi; , 7/ -vT»7icnTj bVF* n.'t yffmriaj: yt'Otjom

, The iparta i of; the i Jjdo*L Ajcfc {55 Geo. / Gapj &&, } heteinfhefont -to jm «us Order

tQiheittopeaMl9lieHMifoUejftfta<>thah-)l)^Aa^lun , .l oj .toitr.-n-.l ib o, fl ni f.'.ii-'iNfh«? i , All the Bectwfts P.f , thp[eJw4; Lrt)jcs(l Aiefe-55. fow*iseotien.ilfi. toieefction 82.,

both inclusive. .at8*1.t./. in-.m-K.-Tpul slf-V/ :>\7tni?nuT

i:>L y. 1: '{- guivu fi-fi| .tj; -mill Oj J.r.ii ill: l! -17777777]

F- cob: gfi/i *(f t- Mt fioil; it; 1 f..f 1 > -., iono^-iuitivr, ') hie>j *jHT —

JTTTZTj bmunitiio ) tuouiiul'ic1!

MIC

lit m v Kh; u. irtli ii 3 r»d < t ^* .fi* -.it -if>i{ib mro Inioippi .^juitooni haimix; oi i-.il , : utj !» ifm, o-. uimn?i.ilToil tlwfiv/ 1a;

Provisional Oriief repetiHfity dnd alterfng Path Of* ot Lbiktl Aat hi fbtkt 'MfhMti&iHstrict of

Ur i)-.A .icoo.ai i:r; o!-n »; , :o: TunbridgV'Welhl }° *J r>' Jr:' '* . ' JuovVhj ggiissU to iron' j. hoMo *1 , ''/I tMe-v.' fofij I /. ft 'i> b uauniiaD ^iit

li-.niv/ v-muifi boirMj mmo ) rtrltonc

'*WW.WS fex3StflAl8n)-6Plthw^tinht4dgfe>:W'elte Stti{lHMinaW <AdVrWC'Es'^sted in a

body of Commissioners consisting of all 1pe£rt6)n«, bWfng' fir' ^(Ml^yit^ 'dtb^erty'i^ithin the ^'of'fTlitobWdgei'W^Mlle ^hle1 of ^0/.''pel*:1 WiffiiW; ''laVe* subPcribed, albeftftiH lie^tarMtiyhlinltfeelfellti, ATiti prC8Wlbfe<l/ ^biMt1 all'Oth^blfrMins owning oi* iMBWl Vitlire1 thlte, 5(W''^-tlnbnW1lAi^lii6d47 «t t^>"> -1<Ij

A'hai, Whteili^.lt*ie''!Rkt^tel'B'^'ttW General

for1 tb* tif 'thb'i^feA't^blvM, *Th«'1it; [W'ixpedient

t6, n^fythW^lTtl«bl-idgfe welteOh^v^'Alrt, lW8l, jeolif«t''ife, tVb^r8'tdJttie Town thi atlfaftfftgis'olr aiWprettefttatWfe toWd'anth^ily aHi^-A kcd^tti^d'^ad^lW oWe.

i; »p

one

a f

°4neetinirs,

/of/ j^S j8 82

liiicf afe^ t^e altejred 6ori^itl6n of the town since the passing of the Tunbridge W^I^I^b^TOvement, Act, 1846, are likewise of opinion that a change is become necessary, and that it is further desirable to reduce the number of Commissioners to twenty-four, the Aftfe elected tb4 Ra^paVe^'/ (J" [" ' u 'V; r'; ._ */!

A -J — tJiuUil* j i_; j Commissioners )iave adopted

56, and lrive under the powers. Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to (iriferjkrtj^yrto repeal gr\alter, and provide Tor the future execution Wejls^ rmprovement Act, 1846.

lfW^; tterefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, do hereby, in pursuance of the power^ vested in me Jby the Loqal Government Act, 1858, intiK^GPraei^ ' fa&ul1 ^lirefet 'tlfit from and after the passing' orany Act of Parliament confirming thia Order — .k ' ' ° 141 'vr

the ^Tfhth Section of the said Tunbridge Wells Tinprovement ^ct, 1846,

/, J '^ti3JpV68cribes Who shall be Commissioners For carrying the said Act into execution,

iribef tfe Statement of C ktiScT Cbhlmissiotiers; anc

by

.. _ _ __ id so much of the Twenty:first Section odf the said

, TunBfidge' $VbHs f rhprbvement Act, 11846, as fixes the day an<J hour, of the meetings of the Said Commissioners; and so much of the Twenty-eighth T V^ctWu{of the smd^ Thpbndge Wells^ Improvement Act, 1846, as relates to the Hfti U p^ripA^m'ent 'atmeetings of the said, Commissioners, shall he repealed.

issioners for execution of the said Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act,

iluui! --- ^hiri ope ^nopth aftef the piling of

r ef by the owners of property and of ra; t68'liliaef the saicTTtin^ridge ^yelliB ^proyethem Act? 1846, in

e said Act, according to the scale of

Local Boards, as provided

Government Act, 1858.

3. — The qualification of the said Commissioners ^tudl be the ownership or occupancy of property actually rated to the rates under the said Tunbridge Wells Improvement

f'd.tO -I'hitto, 'ti84t^&t aft amiwil value hf^30/.i aA(f u stateraelntdf aach 4uttl5fi6atidft shaJlbe substituted in the declaration to be made by feuch: Comnttsriofaers befhr^1 actilig, {inJ JiB iuBeu>of^eiei&einfc^ prescribed1 in J the 17th section of thte^aid

Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846.

4. — The said Commissioners shall at their first meeting after the passing of any Act of

Parliament confirming thTs^Grder, and-afterwards from time to time at their annual meetings, appoint one of thejir members to be Chairman for one year at all meetings at which he is^preSem/and Jri Case the chairman so appointed be absent > wyyw*#pgftt A* riwe\apppinted for hoWing the who, the Cwunisripnem

present shall appoint one of thwnumber to\act as chairman thereat. And in case the chairman appointed as first aforesaid die, resign, or become incapable of acting, another Commissioned sfeklf be]ab£>oinfed aschttitthatifdt the period during which i! ni bot^P^W1* infap^lp of, Wt%, wo^}d J^e ib^en

oift nicli, , ..... , vin vi, f

jsaelec^d ^shall) go. qut*of gninwo Qommewpw/ uydertfus; Qrdftf#, '*9t .W wpaaMy* Wd

the order in whi<4i the Cp^mi^ippe^ prelected rilftU go po, t offipe^hjll bfl, b*Pd > Ifi-nndi) m; mhr.Cmpmiowx^]h iia, ^iy :om\ ^p^u-

tri9ibeqx9^I»i1WPi Wvbffippfor, mw thw, tj^eo yeer* wd on; thoi deyp apppi^ f9KC nwoT r office & flpW of be ^leqi^d q* Oompii^oiWB ^4 fa \

otbfe wmhe^i gpipg ml >of mi many othpw , m>{ bo jwmww mAr.) lC0»miaeiQ^|!04 io )Mj; ,; [, ri) j>if/,

t\knr&nf«fit oflSco, rerigPing, Or Qthfsrjw^ ceasing,

swii t »ofilo be a Commissioner may, if otherwise qualified, be again elected a Commissioner;

23 & 24 VICT. 3 R ' and

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 118.

and if at any time the said Commissioners shall be fewer in number than 34, the remaining Commissioners may continue, and be as competent to act till such number is completed by election, as if no vacancy had occurred.

7. — The Clerk of the present Commissioners for execution of the said Tunbridge Wells Improvement Act, 1846, shall be the person to conduct the first election under this Order, and shall fix the day for such first election within one month of the passing of the Act confirming this Order.

Given under my Hand, this Seventh day of July 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

SHEERNESS.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Minster in the County of Kent, as constituted for the Purposes of the Public Health Act, 1848.

Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the Sixteenth day of July 1849, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1849, the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the Parish of Minster in the County of Kent.

And whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the Provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, praying for an alteration of the boundaries of the said District of Minster, by the separation of the Village and part of the upper District of Minster aforesaid from the District constituted under the herein-before recited Provisional Order, and the Act confirming the same.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Alfred Dickens, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The District of the aforesaid Local Board of Health for Minster, in the County of

Kent, be altered by so much of the Upper Division of Minster aforesaid as is situate on the east side of the Boundary of the Ecclesiastical District of Sheerness being excluded from the District of the aforesaid Local Board of Health.

2. — The District altered as aforesaid be styled the District of Sheerness, instead of being,

as heretofore, styled the District of the Parish of Minster.

3. — At every election of members of the Local Board of Health aforesaid which shall

take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the members to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District as altered by this Order, and by the votes of owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situate within the district so constituted.

Given under my hand this Twenty-fifth day of June 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

SAtfDGAl.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 118.

497

SANDGATE.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Sandgate Local Board

of Health.

Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas, by a Provisional Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the Twelfth day of June, 1850, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1850 (No* 2f), the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied to the District of Sandgate in the County of Kent, as described in the above-mentioned Provisional Order.

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District have borrowed under that Act, and with the authority of the General Board of Health, sums, amounting in the whole to Four thousand Pounds, to defray the expense of works for supplying water to the said District, and for other works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Act, a portion of which said sums now remains due and owing from such Local Board; and whereas a further pum will be required to carry out and complete works of a permanent nature, for improving and extending the supply of water to the said District, but such further sum, together with the debt now charged upon such District in respect of the unpaid portion of the hereinbefore mentioned 4,000l., will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Act within such District,

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow or re-borrow for such works, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum or sums which shall not exceed in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed or re-borrowed.

An4 whereas after due inquiry and report by Alfred Dickens, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct as follows: —

: That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order — 1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Sandgate in the County of Kent shall have power and authority to borrow or to re-borrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, an amount not exceeding in the whole Five thousand nine hundred Pounds, including therein the existing debt of the said Board in respect of such works, and the sum now estimated to be required for the completion of the works as herein-before described, such amount of Five thousand nine hundred Pounds, not exceeding in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid . District, to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my Hand this Twenty-eighth day of June 1860.

(Signed) G. C. Lewis.

WILTON.

Prjwjpional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Wilton Local Board of Health,

Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Public Health Act, 1848, has been duly applied to the Parish of Wilton, in the County of Wilts.

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District of Wilton have borrowed that and with the authority of the General Board of Health, sums, amounting

3 It 2 in

f, -n<- v.!n:, rr 9*i; r^Arml bl^io bnesuodi

ml: the whold to< Twd r thousand' nine' l^qndrsd) arrti > ehcty* 'Pnutldty JtW defers^1 the'fex^fcftiW'df fowrbafor thel Drainage 10P and fSappljr W'jWtW^ild this Ba4i, Bfetrf)clvlb<iing'>w<Effto dfo* pdmmilint initurn' anQar the lafofostu$j: AM^ud Svhferiwffifittithb*1 ftWto wU$(bW<Mqi*feecl<& canryiaiitifand loehipleib'itbe^id 'Workp, 'bttl'BUOh' fai^herr'?Wtir, '(With>l(hfe 3tt*foh£*teft*0 nierttiondd &£6Nj, i will -exceed! 'As! askee*dbl«-v«Wit for one '^e&r thfe' qfre*rifee^d«jlhi>

wider, the I eaidi Ant withiaebckJQiBtriofe' \nil to borriq a nulli-w hntqoi oJ ol bqaoqoiq

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section Inrtjeai[(idverbroertb i Aift, .1868, <fle6tiaiid mb, iasqme b£iIfe»MajestyH8 Princqiak^ifeerbtntaeo ttf: $tt>tet f'ur , ])OWtrs to borrowi fqr dach .iTorks, ioii| 'niartgugp of the{vs^rlferiabJeii>yoti^> aforesaid Local Bowd'OCiSttdth»UBMkn th&^x>wsidtof the Shibhaii Healthi Aotj)l1848,; iisdr*niss Lwl , $?^WHSn^<Acti 18$8^ fltffP, pr, Ri^, wW(ch, f^h, iWWfnfc alfM?)

lq ^hqle.^o-iye^ a^e^.yJpe the District in respect of which such sum or sums may he borrowed. >; , n[[<:\ 8i> toeiib

t, <A»d| whbreaftiafWtti duQiinquii^'andirepArt/by Alfred DipkeiU, 3£aqufre/< thenlnipbiflor appointed by uie for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition shewd>t& g^pte4; i, hut the.ewm* cannot , bteidm* vrffchoutthtutinshnti rfMd3diifanii'iiio<T b, >.J -nlT

-tiN«nv)'therefore', 1 itt'-pufouAnee1 df'thfe'ttoU'ei: 'Vfe&ldd irifoij1 a^ ckife'of TTfeb M^tsty's

Pivnriyuil ftetWfttarles/of Stttfo ti9 aforesaid, ij d<V 'ayth PftWjsrd&nl Qrd^F u'M&r my

Had# /dlwch'*8 jbtlbwt'!-^."' bin-- O. i!' in , rum J to mil ', n .'>!.:[/' eilt m 'MibvnX') ton

Thftfc, iftttfflifrtid nftter the passing df'atiV *"Aet'df1 PirI?iiW!ht; lbbr|flrii)ib^ dflyiiVesent Order___ '.''*miit .-..It to >)i, b out moil enfey

1 . — The Locsff'Bdatd 'df HetrfthJft*-'the!District 'W, aWn^lh1tlid, C6\Wt>) of Wilts, shall tv/.uUia^e>^>owe^'tttfd(/&ttthority to borrow, for the completion of the aforesaid works within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, an amount not exceeding in the whole Two thousand nine hundred and sixty Pounds over and above IBcT amount of-2-9607. already borrowed by the said Local Board of Health, such additional sum of 2, 060/. making, with the amount already borrowed, «|6^P^w^h((exceeds by 2, 467/. the one year's assessable value, but does not exceed in the whole two years assessable value of V Word t^, pi^m^a^:vbte 'Vnder stfAh v^aTOiiiireAbe^ PjstKfa^h^aftraMft additional sum of 2, 9607. to be with interest thereon, within a period of

fifty years from the /late of the borrowing thereof. T Given under my TlaJid' this TSveHtf-ie^Am A&y^r Jh

Tune 1860.

illiii/ Lull .)ir.!» unn'.fnf .(Mir-H I'* l/u; n«I bnoiioi) wlf'lo v>; n< >(fiigriedr)nf[t(\ , u/)Ct, wf liiiip»ni-»f<i'ni^ liH'./'l! oiMuM ><{t Vtl [iMunrtffio fSr.H['ndhi m»>i 'to ynb

if! -mTT 771 TTTTTTTTrfT TtTTtT,) )/. yildii4! orfi

tr.yrl-md

to

rtinin tont'AL r, Ir)tii.jil-uo*i

I'IIP, ?t'^To(I 1o T(tnijoD

.toA isdi

IfowwlPnAK fOitln

Oil} v l *7 i

of juoi:<rft:; > .ton m

BRfD&KORTli!. 1 c

ufj+ iBxUjidihf itfid Ittdftbrr&tfal teArd

, ft v'*t if* 11 H» L'fpoif bayrmi) odi 'lo ^Jhoifi

D'^Tyttoh oilt 7v)t yAin-fr, I>t^'9^irO'97?^r/AS^t out io TjlmivAim 9dt ^Bitob

Whereas, by an Order of Her most Gracious Majesty in Council,

, $^e^yrr»to 1B63, thb PjdUic? Healtly lAIcb dMB/; w«8odilyfaj^dBedbtiAh

BrifJg/^Hlti /») ttH^ iCbiutily i of - Salop a»dt i fchp f >»5d ^dughfimmoClilnh^ ctpysU^uteMi a* Dfstrifitiundertthat'Adt ni n" .- A i^rr d »us 'i -l v/r«Tn?d ot 8*i97/0(f ioT (9tct3 9.ftAhdi>whfeWas^Kfe ttP 11

Ael sbni# ttirnmtVA&teHk] Wibrisifnd a

the^1 iis^:of}& fb^terirfg1 and'^i^Tyi^g Wnt^ tb

auchnftunfi^i^e^O' ^t1 ^fSfiietft l*tdnftefritjr t'lS'c&jt'bf'\\

aforesaid'lit x>fii.v<iTi"cl oil) to »; J:i Milt mull ij-»v vjtit to I">rr " y, iiuljr//

nI)Aqdivizl»ltia*ithP' «hul1 L<Sctll1 fttfilril' hi4e, | htiiCr %IWj jfti^iy^tM^t^S^lfen^he IlooitGu^mhleilt^Acitj ohe df

of State, for

ptraii borrowed and still remaining due and owing by them, — viz., an amount of Nine

thousand

! i *

Imu; Io 92.iinhnb

thousand eight hunc £e!

y r *' %

and to"*borrow a-further sum of Five

estpitilio^ltHe/fcofkai fb» ib«p|flyjngi tb«/ taid District githb

laid) suft»//o£, iN Jliet4kptehi^ I eighfe himdnetV/artd elqtyt^hieei. Bousdsnandl Fite itkootead BoUadbiwalwh^liin Jba wfefilfliiFp^wrtv/tWueand/eight- hundrBa antln sixtjw-tbreei > Pounds^ teHetefltefclg MiOi(jJear^(flsseseflWaiyalbgr 4>fr itHe ^ptemieds, laBseehablekqhkin isoohiBistriot!? %*AuKteJ^j4bfe)«pid(lPVte ufrFowstflfttt lit#»a»t*Aeigh*; htecfeed andiskxtyJth«el4 Pounds is proposed to be repaid within a period of fifty yflani-fidml>tkenidaiw of/ thex-buil owing ^ifiF^fff*noiio'>8 if)8" .01f + 'to vtnoiltiu: oiit tjImuj , v/uit o/j-if bii'dl F>!j-.h 'nil fv/ hiiA.

poiAndiwfcfetesppaftte pdueoUdtfukjl laid Hrepert.by iAifwd I^i^enb, fiiqdir«^'tte7I«ipeoto# atexteiedfor/ thapturpoate, it appeara Mjttdieit that tihe iprtwei yif such< PetitionFshdttld Bf prwted; >btttltheAnriiiodrinna b^ilorie ^*ithaut t^ejitmstea o^iPaiKaJnetet1 (> xxl

'NbWI'ifi:iri; 'p'uY&na<fieb '^'th^ V)OTrel, !, rtd\v" Vested 'In'rntvafi^ '^n6l'ciFdTe, Majesty'!

p&t%fli'1 wmibji ''dahwdby, by tm ^otfsi^rewdet1 mfiif"

direct as follows:__ .l>-.> «otio<I d<J ymn «mu- 10 m.i-. noiir ilxil// in t >c-<| m j'-jitj-.i'I mui

ioJEbrifranii andijfftdr .ttadpaisibgdbi sdyi iAi^t i ctf Pa^pieotnteilftttnii»f ttld»' jiiWent GhKtowdp, noitii-j'1 (hup 't.> ti7ik| vili Jj I!) H'>iiiii]o in ini: 1, '<><j hmj oiit *(< i -xi v«l ii'>n'i>c(ijj;

The Local BoardtofiiUtekh for tteiDitetetJiof findfobrtM, iwi«he County* >of' $alo|v Wbtdl e'yJsJBM r^WFOFYk %, tbcBmi|Wpe«iaJiwd^; io^itert-

not exceeding in the whole a feumof Fourteen thousand eight hiwdftet} wftyHIhnW tnopofauflfo wi$h; iqtpre^.th^rep^ witfwK .fr.pwiod pfiiflfty

years from the date of the borrowing thereof. (ilntJ

ib; d* nil i

Pillow liijiH'i'ii'li; oilj lo iii'ii >i<jinn i -ult ([') .v/oTiml e.t yM uii!ii((5igted)i i7/ii.p>C*iLEWIS, odi TnbfUJ ftnulj yd oldpi/d <)Urr *>rft 'to tr-D^runii no bm; rtnnt-i(l il-'o- iifiltiv/ bmbnmf onin hru^nodt ov/T ofr>ffva oilt ift 'jniir >/o ion tmi'imc m: si>/; bir-vD>b-orii ^d bnv/orrod yhiiml/? .\OOfbS *h> timortn": oilr [nr:- t^vm -Inmo1! vizt- bur

orft iliivf ^juiJjun 2 'to u\\v< b; noihbbi; rf*M^ , ift!jt*>II lu fw:o<f l/:'>ovl bij-s *

b'lfitt'l ono nfll , \Tdt\2 vd 'h vbr.'nl/: tnnoim:

* to oiifjjy eldrs.vi'-.zn wtvr^ ov/t olorfy/ niff nr lotf >oob luJ, ' uilfr/ »ftf

IWwiAwafrftQhtoaJQ* \eortendbtffjihai<t^ow&ri nf l!hk Drttfi&tW{LtidpA1 Board of

to fxii'mcf ii nifltivz ^rio rrnb iwv.riiu thin Heafth. I 01 to fnilP Iniliiiiiiihi:

_ 'iooTult 'niv/imod oili to > t i j> 'tilt iiiu-ii -.ipov v ft it .0(181 jllll I. 'I'jIhiii II. .; /i i)

WllWehs^byJh PrmHsit*nd (Order of the General Board of Health, bearing date the Ninth day of November 1852, confirmed by the Public Health Supplemental Act, 1853 (No. 1), the Public Health Act, 1848, was duty applied liT the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and the said ^reby constituted a District under

that Act.

\nAdd \wheteW ulbWfl Lsc4iBfla*d, ni^ (biWteWe<i\5utee'Botfaat Aitf, *iid(>riih«<the"aft-thority of the General Board of Health^ ASHtAs \to defray the expense of works for the drainage of and supplying water Jo the said District, but which Sums are not sufficient to defray the remainder of the codt^df thd'woSrks1 df tvdtei1 suf^ly, and of works for the sewerage .fioiiiio'.) ni yj-ojiil/ piKii'iivrl) .r-'Xd -fill in cifni tin yd oilAfljdlTOkf^easl*bfr«rid'Bterd ihavbIiuM, ubddi thb iiufliorityiof; ^elt8<tht, Stetiton'.bf*flle kdwaliGowemnientvAfet, lA58, pttitioiiedqnfei, '*8 knie^eifiH, dr MWiesiy'slpriwjlpall S^drcblricB '$k State, for powers to borrow for such works, on moittghgto: of itho urMed' ' 'bj/- fhd

sums to be repaid within a Peric

fly years from the date of the borrowing thejfttekmlc

d>ApAi<#8ew»idppi5»vtoby.lAlfr^dl(BsqUir^dthatInfcpafetor ---^nrppsp, i4 Wiflfo <iWftPftb#4itfb«1p(WJ5er tif.AufshoBetewiDshoaia

<] *ibl lo

>ub giiiiiiHitbin: luv/onod Naw

oixl A lo Inuoiiiu in; rsi/ — jno/It j»niv/o bnn

bauHuoil)

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

So much of 5 & 6 W.4. c. 63. s. 9. as requires Grand Juries to appoint Inspectors of Weights, &c. repealed.

Sect. 18. of 14 & 15 Vict c. 92. repealed.

23" it' 24" VICTORIAE, fc. 1 IS, 119.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power now vested in me as one of He* Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset^ shall have power and authority to borrow or to reborrow for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the Public Health Act, 1848, and Local Government Act, 1858, a sum or sums not exceeding in the whole an amount of Two thousand five hundred pounds beyond one years assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District, to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my Hand this Fifteenth day of June 1860.

(Signed) G, C. Lewis .;

CAP. CXIX.

An Act to amend the Law relating to Weights and Measures in Ireland.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relating to Weights and Measures in ' Ireland: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " The Weights and Measures (Ireland) Act, 1860."

II. In the Construction and for the Purposes of this Act, if not inconsistent with the Context or Subject Matter, the following Expressions shall have the Meanings herein-after assigned to them; (that is to say,)

"Lord Lieutenant" shall mean the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the Time being;

" County" shall include Riding, and also any County of a City or County of a Town la Ireland, and the Two Constabulary Districts of the County of Qalway shall respectively be deemed and taken to be Counties for the Purposes of this Act;

" Borough" shall mean any Borough or Town Corporate in Ireland;

" Assizes" shall include Presenting Term;

"Treasurer" shall include the Finance Committee and the Secretary of the Grand Jtity for the County of Dublin.

, r

III. So much of Section Nineteen of the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of j£ing William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, as requires Grand Juries in Ireland fo appoint Inspectors of Weights and Measures, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and, fr^pi and after the passing of this Act no such Inspectors heretofore appointed by Grani Juries under the Provisions of the said Act shall exercise any of the Duties imposed on thfn^fts Inspectors of Weights and Measures.

IV. The Eighteenth Section of "The Summary Jurisdiction (Ireland) Act, 1861," shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to alter or affebt in any Manner the Appointment of any Head or other Constable m any Petty Sessions District in Ireland who shall have been selected, under the Provision of the said Act, by the County Inspector of Constabulary, with the Approval of the Justices for that Purpose, an ex officio Inspector of Weights and Measures within such District.

V. Such

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 119. 601

V. Such Head or other Constables in each Petty Sessions District in Ireland as shall Certain Head

have been selected tinder the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act, or shall be selected other Con-

under this Act, by the County Inspector of Constabulary, with the Approval of the ex office Injustices far that Purpose, shall be ex officio Inspectors of Weights and Measures within spectors of such District, and shall possess and exercise all the Powers and Authorities, and be subject Weights and to the like Penalties for any Neglect or Offence in the Discharge of such Duties, which any Measures-Inspector of Weights and Measures heretofore possessed or exercised or had been liable to

under and by virtue of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, and shall perform such Duties, under the Direction of the Justices at Petty Sessions, without Fee or Reward, and notwithstanding any Manorial Jurisdiction or Claim of Jurisdiction within such District.

VI. The Grand Jury of any County in Ireland may order and direct any Inspector of As to Custody Weights and Measures heretofore appointed in such County, under the Provisions of the of Copies of said last-mentioned Act, in whose Custody any Copy or Copies of the Imperial Standard Weights and Measures shall have been deposited, as therein provided, to transmit the same and Measures* to such ex-officio Inspector of Weights and Measures or Person in such County as shall be appointed by the Inspector General of Constabulary, with the Consent and Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, to have the Custody of the same; and any such Inspector neglecting or refusing to obey such Order shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds; and in all Counties of Cities and Boroughs where no Rate is levied, and which Counties of Cities and Boroughs are liable to County Cess, the Expense incurred under this Act shall be defrayed by the respective Counties.

VII. It shall be lawful for the Grand Jury of each County and the Town Council of Grand Juries in each Borough in Ireland, and they are respectively hereby required, from Time to Time, to

provide for such County and Borough respectively as many Copies in Iron or other sufficient' in Boroughs to Material of the County Copies of the Imperial Weights and Measures, and such accurate provide Sub-Beams and Scales, as they shall see fit, and to direct that such Copies shall be duly stamped by such Sub-Inspector of Constabulary as such Grand Jury or Town Council respectively Mwm shall appoint for that Purpose, with the Approval of the Inspector General; and the said Copies shall be called the Sub-Standard Weights and Measures; and such Grand Jury and Town Council respectively shall also provide such good and sufficient Stamps for stamping or sealing Weights and Measures used or to be used in such County or Borough respectively as they shall see fit.

VIII. Such Sub-Standard Weights and Measures shall be deposited in the Custody of Snb-Standard the said Head or other Constables, and shall at least once in every Year, and also at all other Times when required by the County Inspector of Constabulary of the County, or by deposit with the Justices at Petty Sessions, be compared with and corrected by the said County Copies Head or other of the Imperial Weights and Measures by the said Sub-Inspector of Constabulary so Constables, appointed as aforesaid, (subject to such Regulations as the Inspector General of Constabulary shall, with the Consent and Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, frame from Time to Time for such Purpose) and such Sub-Inspector shall adjust the same, and also affix the County or Borough Stamp thereto, and such Sub-Standard Weights and Measures so adjusted and stamped shall, until the next Comparison of the same, to be made in manner aforesaid, be considered to all Intents the same as the Baid County Copies of the Imperial Weights and Measures, and for all Purposes of Comparison and Verification, and for all other Purposes for which such County Copies of the Imperial Weights and Measures are required, under the Provisions of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, or this Act, by any Inspector of Weights and Measures.

IX. The Grand Jury in each such County and the Town Council in each such Borough As to Supply shall and they are hereby required to supply such Sub-Inspector with Such Copies of the Imperial Standard Weights and Measures, and such County or Borough Stamps, as the and Measures Case may be, as may be necessary for such Comparison, Correction, and Stamping, as herein- to Sub-Inspec-before mentioned. tors-

KQSD2

As to Weighrioi/-X. Provided always, That until siioh Copies'bF Coimty i Gcffis of the Imperial u> '^eduntihntVwghtBiand Mc^sareg, and fiticbiCountjror l^orough Stamps, shall have beep i supplied' by

Weights, &c. 8UC^ Grand Jury or Town Council respectively, it shall be lawful for any Inspefctor

* ^ounty

nsi\

.totau [bn od os

Grand Jury 9n, }T3* 'ft S^Jl be V^l W *

may present Ifc incurred either iii fVrqcjurfp

for Expenses txriiiLlItfQ\L on County.

ufiscli^tion j lrefand) Act, n

uWty' to preserif <itV Arhouht of 6V [fraViSnntffng ^Vcli: SjiH- Sy^nfTard

- ned

&z

[ner

Town Councif 1 ,; XII. It shall be lawful for the Town Council in any such Borough to make, dssess^hnd may raise *1 *ifcvy>tfYich Rate as may be necessary for defraying the Amount of such Expenses as shall be E^enses°by^inoiitrCd either iti procuring er tinfnsniitlin^loh aecurate Beams and Scaled, and suohSub-way of Rate ift Standard Weights and Meases, or ot^?\y^Jin.carryirfg the of the said kist-

Boroughs. teb inrutionod Act <>r this Act into effect in and also all suchl£ctl*dri$bl(/fand

hffe^ry E^iilsCs rtskhall briirkiJrPed by^iiy sikili Sub-Iiupeotor, Head of otlver^Coasfcable, in relation thereto; and such Rates shall be raised and levied in such Manner as anjoether

, I of wwo'I Us j^?'?^mj9u!l}RrizcJ to levitd witlliu such VjJWK &*fV»cts in

ItnloTuo bn« (Boonebfl bm: , ?; 9Iro& <8nifi93 11« iooqeni ot <89nriT ald#inoej50i

Judge.af As-vm; iiXfMtoffh#Judk*<f of Asrifce shall, before the Cksfc of the Asrifccs which shall be held for

ftextafterthe passing of thteAdfc, atidat theiFu^t Assfeos ^ich sZ'^nt, \<«. shall be held in every succeeding Year, inquire whether One complete Set of* such Copies inOcmnties Aif the11 mporivi' Standard Weights and Measuresaud a sufficient N utubbri of Sab* Steriaard Ireland whei^n/; C epics* bfl 1 Weights-And Measures, Beams and Scales, and County' Stamps hris been ptavided don^by0Gnujlf every Case in \vhteh!fit ^htrfl 801 appear to him tJ&tilOn^dBife'tftiea&t

Juries." nwi&f *^uohJCbpius, fiks beet* so provided ^uch Judge shall forthwith orddr tftb TneaJurfcp W1 the

(npies^F the Tibptfri*tdW

Gotland apoh Sub-^»ndard Weights and Measures, Beaais arifl Sealed, and County

Stamps, as shall appear to* him l^b^ sufficient for feutah Ccmuty(for the PVifposies this Act; a, nd .every such Order shall have the Effect, of a Presentment on the County at large rtt'YiifaH^bo h 6ce*-ii'fV'tjrncn 1 re the same, and Treasurer itiaftcwithm

bal pt£w bm, Tl^C'iliiuTiiV feiich'Ofa^ fntt/eKMfe th^Wc, or

os ^HrllT^eMiaBfe/tdlhiiV Pennli/ nJfPbkce^ P<tafc 0 19clS7.10

J lot bac#WMiorioi oa llfixra ornsa onr^fii^Baaeoq io *>r

Chairman of XIV. The Chairman of Quarter Sessions for each County in Ireland at the Quarter -iso i^u»*tenBfes-io Scarioris oftthb'Peacewhkh shall bedteldfor such County next after ihoyTvveilj^-fiffli Day oFiWrc/^in the Year One "thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and At ^uch'r Quarter diani Wmghti' Sessionrian every* succeeding Year, shall inquire whether One complete Set of such Copies and Measured trf the Imper5aA Statidsird Weights and Measures] and a sufflcienfe Nunuber of Substandard withinothehS: Gopics of Weights And Measures, lieams and Soaks, and Borough Stiimpi; hashiedi provided

County, in c^riff'lacli Borough iWWhiaiSiKik Coimty */and in every Case in Yvhfieh it shall riot appeantol him it has not been that One Set at leastof such Gbpiesdmis been Wprovlded'suchChairdian of Quarter'Sesiions done by Town shall forthwith order r the Town Clerk or other proper Officer of such Borough tonrovide

» '1 ->0 ^'^Jri^ete Set oftotfcjto '

fe ripd also aM Bbteugh jt 6PleWi ^rder

... — *uiby .-...v^.»Yjby

Borough as maybe necessary to procure a complete Set of such Copre's'rif thfc5 Jrit[terial

aiot99<]flnI *fo

iapdttpyioas%irps^tand .fllso. jsuqh Number Copies; of tliflr Suly^tandard oibashorime Bennw and Scalfip, 1^drB<i)jpi>ujh 'appeal:, such

[Junk removed.]

L'lyil --al 'Slaindslty' ifWeights legal, or Imperi*! Stan-

SKS« '

pj-uo J0?auyr6f *L

93«fm mLr.r ..... lY ..... , Y.«lf#w .....

the hfthWm^fblfe^Gkeral,

lo ftfiW

borM.k A^m. 1eg^V9^, WPij9*l

Wfth^u ^ive Y^rp before th? Time

" ffim?pWlSWW% , qt ^wures

Weights and Measures when to be adjusted.

my°i

v.» imf,

yopy of the imperial Stands;

within Five Years of its being so used, an

7^.«JW?A. l.m.

U, coipppj; e^ or

, .W, ^rf»|WLthe

%mw°r

SSWttfdfc ^, p^9bequer

y such Inspector to

tn *

- M/

biixbpW)eeti[«m wHb(j»iMcde|[<>^ Cppytffth«Ii)ipojrial Standard of/ MedsUbedaly worn pared o<(hud>-v«rifi«di «jlk Ks^je^iieuumttrttit TpivYe* t<of itsheing so /Uftsd^ awi; found, om such -W i iGotoparfanm , bjt isiich leepeetof tab# nurifeot ,; and? the^spousee i incurredinMd labowt isiuch v -j'iC#^arteoh<iWt<Re7veH6crtti<MtiKjflionyi iepeb, Mud$l ior, Ciepy; t*f toy Imperial Standard sf.j bfisV^%hh«i'^ldasureishaUiiit.RB Ct^heilaidiin the same Mahn^ addout erf, thdisawia Funds, , jI(te<»>'^rovlded<fdo; thief-pflue^rit^iifif'. such Wiedfjfc [endiGoipi#b IMder theiPpsiaiena of this noiiAc^fli; ss '10 ; I/i ilyu- ai Innvil iiiiii Iio^iCi -k! Jfr.ifs b'lh.sl don-[mi; :; unrulj if .; )j in ui

ni , 10^ aBai'^d'WWftd1 flfc'MSvftjjl-'i.t'' officio 'inspector1 of Weighfi^'MeWfcr^; all Power to in-reasonable Times, to inspect all Beams, Scales, and Balances, and Weighth' and Measures, gPecto^|°- 1 (»t IdytfcedPHsstesdoft[of -iy>Pewtmt^elling, offering, or exposingtfbr Ss&jfcnyltloddd aDy .£Sw^Sn, doi*peib^Snhidki''brL.te wM 'Pwtfed Sweet, Lane, Thoroughfare, or 'othfe^p^ivIilfteCX end if'wwewiotiof soicf^utwwh In^«tiwt^ I o« Fw«mmatioil #ny such Beams, Scales, , or Balanced, lorl Weights or b»w»iwtoftf shaft hbifotfiid ilighfi i or judinat, nr, wUw \y eouurwy toi the Brofvihiowihf wU. Act

bobtrcApiaiad Adtppseed; Fifth ^a*tdT&*thYi«a*ftbf, Kingv^; 1

M.r.Fnufti-beirjtyiuity mjmwttedj j* the thing ith^etd* tho^atoeT^all ibeifobletiteibe tfeiwdiiapa, - 1

odilWe^aihaMld dJte-Ffetaodtie*I wrswwi-usytgi ion havingi in, his? or , bar. Bbss$asibb([any such , M-dWa#lM)unji«tTiBehhi^S(^ste8, iOriBalai^(Widight^r; U«a^fcW#igb4aori^oasure8, shall Xinbe'Ji*W« , tola«ty Ben«Jay>W)t ^«ee^M>glF*voF<>«)*dst aniBwll be^dri1<ig*d>% any Justice eiiM jwtiefetfchfo* ic »|; i. ll.aL -r.

In vlfim/)

, cad Wights and fflpp 80 Measures.

m1 vmI

V.l.l j I

using or A

lyJijniCToHi in

with destroyed.

ni ^rnuoO if >/:> 'jo'1 \o i; t; /inii:il ) *ifT .VI/ tn , fi; , Mr, .(; j

Mto» jgrhft ^WI'>Mnjp edyi lW^ghitj ihr (ftldasms; .^ithI-the -County or Pen«rty«>rcer

---- — r. -^-jeh shall hut: hftvti, ibden/!didyf>«ndi ptpperty eooipaced and1 adjusted a» la^°.'og"*e *

idtriteifobeftwei jfheHtihfmdii mtithall, bed the, Ci^uhttf SubrStlndarfl Weight*, and, iManures for, uW tf 4uT' ihnyiFehpOshiothteithhu ithAtTtsmthotMed-by: the! /hahd,; Act!^/Ihh (Biftb^hid i Siiith Yeitrs

hohKing /KilBaari thfuF^uitlmoCIhtptCff , Sih(ibyi-tiu»*sn08iith»i lAfit/^hall* 4t|iohilifeitigfeoiinyijcted '

mi (therwrfqforfeit MoA ptyt*«(y(Sdn^ (tfot^-esoeedibg; : Fiwei Fbends.' i dhiall fctiadjddgfed byiau.j, i eaoii»aieft)QKi^A(k<i»ib«f0db)tihos4i»h^h^}e»^«tidbiaii(dl) tfaka j^aeei .l jJ: iv>, 0n() iiali h-m i.., i u, .i

io-jir '(odJo in. >[*!')i') nymT odj iilno dtiy/di'iot [IkiI- "l'I; 1 '" ly or knowingly make jOrfiiOT or Penal^'for

eoi

ij'IJ

23 & 24 VICT.

any

604 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 119, 120.

partly of Glass, any other Index thereof, may be eeen without Impediment, and the Use of Such Measures &c* by Publicans and others in the Retail of Malt Liquors and Spirits, and other exciseable

Liquids, would be attended with Advantage both to the Purchaser and Seller:* Be it therefore enacted, That Measures for such Liquids, which shall correspond in Capacity with the Sub-Standard Measures herein-before mentioned, or Parts or Multiples thereof, although such Measures may be made partly of Copper or other Metal, and partly of Glass or other transparent Medium, may be examined, compared, and stamped by all ex officio Inspectors of Weights and Measures, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: That Measures for such Liquids, the Capacity of which shall exceed the Sub-Standard Measures, or Parts or Multiples thereof, herein-before mentioned, but which shall have the Capacity of such Sub-Standard Measures, or Parts or Multiples thereof, respectively indicated by a level Line drawn through the Centre of the Window or transparent Part, although such Measures may be made partly of Copper or other Metal, and partly of Glass or other transparent Medium, may be examined, compared, and stamped by all such Inspectors of Weights and Measures, anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proceedings XXL All Proceedings under this Act as to compelling the Appearance of any Witness,

dRewv A of act to ^e Hearing and Determination of any Complaints, or any other Matter relating

Penaltie^6^; .0 thereto, shall be subject in all respects to The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," as the same is amended by " The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858/' (when the Case shall be heard in any Petty Sessions District,) and to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Divisional Police Offices, when the same shall be heard in the Police District or DuMth Metropolis, so far as the said Provisions shall be consistent with any special Provisions of this Act; and when any Fine or Penalty is imposed under the Provisions of this Act, such Fines and Penalties shall be paid over to such Purposes and applied in such Manner as is provided by " The Fines Act (Ireland), 1851."

Provisions of XXII. The several Clauses and Provisions contained in the said Act of the Fifth and c %*0save Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-three, which are not by this Act such Parras expressly or by necessary Implication repealed, so far as the same are applicable, and are not we hereby re- modified by of inconsistent with this Act* shall be incorporated with and be Construed as PCrated In this Part of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed

Act m 8 ot token to apply to any Action or Proceeding now pending or which may have Veen commenced before the passing of this Act.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Ballots for the Militia in England^ and to suspend the making of Lists and Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[28th August 1860 ]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws-relating to the Ballot for the Militia in England, and the Proceedings preparatory thereto, in the Cases Where a Ballot may be required for supplying the Vacancies in the Militias of any Counties or Places;

* and it is also expedient to suspend for a further Period the Ballots for the Militia of the ' United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and With the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

General Meet* I. The Lieutenant of each County, Riding, and Place in England shall as soon as con-ings of Iwen- veniently may be after the passing of this Act, when required or authorized so to do by Sa*1* OnCof Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, summon a Genefal Meeting of the existing Sub- Lieutenancy of such County, Riding, or Place, and such Lieutenant, together with Three divisions. or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, or, if his Office be

Vacant,

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 120. 506

vacant, anj Five or more Deputy Lieutenants, may at such General Meeting, or at an Adjournment thereof, alter all or any of the appointed Subdivisions within BUch County,

Riaing, or Place, or constitute new Subdivisions therein, in Such Manner as may appear to them convenient for the Execution of this Act and other Acts in relation to the Militia (the Act Of the Session holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth YearB of Her Majesty,

Chapter Fifty, Section Ten, notwithstanding), and the Lieutenant shall report the Result of every such Meeting and the Description of the Subdivisions of such County, Riding, and Place, whether altered or constituted at such Meeting, or otherwise, to the Secretary of State.

II. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, with the Advice of Her Privy Council, after Quota of Sub-the General Meetings of Lieutenancy herein-before directed to be holden, and afterwards divisions to be from Time to Time as Occasion may appear to Her Majesty to require, to ascertain and fix CoJSdL the Number of Militiamen who shall, until other Quotas shall be fixed in like Manner, serve for each Subdivision of every County, Riding, and Place, and the Numbers so fixed as aforesaid shall be transmitted to £he respective Lieutenants of the said Counties,

Ridings, and Places from Time to Time, and Notice of the same shall be published in the London Gazette *, and the Numbers so from Time to Time appointed by Her Majesty shall be the Quotas of the several Subdivisions until other Quotas are appointed in like Manner.

III. The Secretary-at-War shall, at such Time as he shall think fit in the Year One Secretary-at-thousand eight hundred and sixty, and previously to the Month of September in every subsequent Year, apportion between or among the Subdivisions in each County, Riding, and Sub°Cy Place, according to the Quotas for the Time being fixed as aforesaid for such Subdivisions, divisions, and the Number of Men required to be raised, in addition to those then serving, to make up the full Quota for each County, Riding, and Place, and certify or cause to be certified to the njfJu Clerk of each Subdivision the Number of Men which pursuant to such Apportionment is to be raised by Ballot in such Subdivision.

IVt As well in apportioning the Number of Men required to be raised between or among Regard to be the several Subdivisions as aforesaid, as in fixing under the Provisions herein-after contained the Number to serve for each Parish of a Subdivision, regard shall be had to the Number the^umber of Of private Men for the Time being serving in the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place* Men actually who at the Time of their being enrolled were resident in each such Subdivision or Parish* ,

as the Case may be, and Credit shall be given to each Subdivision and Parish respectively were reddent for the private Men actually serving as aforesaid who at the Time of being enrolled were in each Subresident in such Subdivision or Parish, and if the Number of private Men actually serving division, &c. as aforesaid who at the Time of being enrolled were resident in such Subdivision or Parish amounts to or exceeds the full Number of Men which (upon an Apportionment among Subdivisions of the full Number of the Militia of the County, Riding, or Place,) such Subdivision ought to furnish, or which on the like Apportionment of the full Quota of the Subdivision among the Parishes therein such Parish ought to furnish, the Men required to be raised to make up any Deficiency of the whole County or Subdivision shall be apportioned among the other Subdivisions or Parishes, as the Case may be, to the flxemption of the Subdivision or Parish from which such full Number of Men has been

enrolled. -

V. The Lord Lieutenant of every County, Riding, and Place shall, at or aftetf the LordLiente-General Meeting of Lieutenancy herein-before directed to be holden, appoint the Places at p^fappoint which Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy shall be holden for the several Subdivisions holding ?ub-within such County, Riding, or Place, and may from Time to Time alter the same as be division Meet-

may see Occasion, and shall cause Notice to be given by Advertisement in One or more in8*-

Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in such County, Riding, or Place, of the Rlaoes sq fixed, and of the Alterations from Time to Time made as aforesaid.

, YL A Subdivision Meeting of Lieutenancy shall be holden for each of the Subdivisions Aa to holding -in every County, Riding, and Place on the First Wednesday in the Month^f October rin every Year, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon. j MeetinS*;

3 S 2 VII. The

w

Notices to be given to Householders.

jd ol al&LX

noiaivibdn8

bun

-uyivi ^Jxiqsd ol aliuuiDf 'ftieij bcnmc tiiioqqL brill nit kgaijl£ joiliitl edl

VII. The Overseers of the Poor oi every Parish shall, within Seven Days after the Second Monday in the:Month of September in every Year, give or leave Notice in Writings in the Form in the Schedule to this Act marked*(A\b to the OccnpieoD ofievery Dwelling House within their Parish, at such Dwelling House, or if such Dwelling House be diyi^ed into different Apartments occupied separately by, several Persons, then to the Occupier of each separate Apartment, requiring him or her to prepare and produce, within FivoDap next after the Day of giving such Notice, a List in Y\ rating, to the best of his or her Relief, of the Christian Name and Surname of every Mari dwelling therein between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, di, tinguishing there- ---- ..... - 1 -

iteen and Thirty, (iietinguishing therein every such Person claiming to be exempt fropi ng in the Militia, with the Ground of every such Claim; and every such Occupier shall, after such Notice so given or left, make out such List, and sign the same with his or her own Name and shaft deliver the same, or cause the same to be delivered, to the Overseers,

ere.Bam^orcii^B HB

who are hereby required to collect the Returns to such Notices as aforesaid; and for the Purposes of this Act the Term " Parish'' shall mean any Parish, Township, extra-parochial

or oilier Plaice for which Q verseers are appointed; and where Overseers are not required to be appointed for any Extra-parochial Place by reason of its contributing under Agreement to the Poor Rates of any Parish, such Extra-parochial Place shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed Part of such Parish. wfl

-Tduuc abuS ft. rtemri nano iot ovisa Tonani/l

id limit

mom jou£) radio

Penalty on Householder not making Return.

List to be made out from

lie turds./: tic ae*!

-I9v0 j^flioubni sAant ol i99e balift

ol jjuiaiAoi to jmbM list

UCAJ. yJuqoG

bdl biio(/9*i Yo ©Doabii-JltA MPjBTOvO

Vestry Meeting to be called in each Parish to determine as to providing Voluntem" unde^ Sect^feC of

C. 90.

Yo i*d<nuK bdj tmiupn asM ^d iraaodo ad ol baa JoIIitf JbbM n^dionc bolaioqqe $ai

Pounds. " '/dJ-n/I 07hooq8ani9dt m ooiiorl oilduq ilaus ovig oi noisiviCdijS

moo*luide iiumciijoi J ^iuqeG boss axlJ oi wi eiooiodi osoqmT adi lo bnn tgniiaaM xfous k>1 IX. The Overseers of every Parish shall, within Fourteen Days after having delivered fls pfwqwd^ake out or cause; to fa fnadp, out frit , pud .ti; ue Jiistj m [Writjpg, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act marked (Ik), of the Names of all the Men usually and at that Time dwelling within the Parish to which such List refers between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty Years, as well of those who have not made any Return or not. been returned in pursuance of such Notices as aforesaid, as of those who have mndo 8^ Returns or beenj dffjp^uance thereof, distinguishing their respective

and Occupations, and those who have made Returns to such Notices from those who have neglected to make such Returns, (and where the true Name of any Person..cannot be' procured the common Application of such Person shall be sufficient,) and distinguishing which of the Persons so returned labour under any known Infirmity incapacitating them from serving as Militiamen, and which of the Persons so returned claim or are known to be exempt from serving in the Militia, and on what Account, and shall cause a true Copy of every such List to be affixed on the Door or the outer Wall near the Door of every Church and public Chapel in slich'Parish; including Places of Public Worship \vhiriH do riot*belong to the Established Church, or (if dnoh Parish'have no srich Church or Chapel) then on the Door or the outer Wall near the Door of every such Church and Chapel of some Parish thereto adjoining, during some One Sunday before they make the Return to the Deputy Lieutenants as directed by this Act, and shall afterwards make a Return of srifeh List as' aforesaid; ora true and exrict Cojly thereof, to the Deputy lieutenants of the Subdivision: in which the Parish &>Comprised, at their Meeting to be holden on the First Wednesday iw the Month of October in the same Year, at the Time appointed for holding thereof-bur, btmwoqra9 od llnds <rri9dt lo 9*ioai io ov/T ^un to f?.innfl9iiJ9iJ[/h/qoG biaa silt t^iuG n<3L The) Overseers of the^Poar of each Parish shally within the Tinic within which thpyr ate required to give or leave ^ttch^ NotJoes as aforesaid, crill a Vestry or* Meeting pfpthoi Inhabitants of the Parish to determine whether orho anjr Volunteer or Volunteers shall hfel provided on " " -

be examined and ^pro^d, every sucl

bolljjo od <bn9iir, oi 9«oodo aa eraosravO bun ^ansLmiwdoindO t89iini&igaM done lo ooaoaoiM *xovo

Lists to be returned to Subdivision Meetings, and Deputy Lieutenants to amend Lists, and appoint Meetings for the Ballot.

Off) TO Hr 8 v/ <7 nidus/ m-.fu; 7! v o; IT IT/ ^o.'VT

a£caiiraH6ted Mmi/irndthaNim^ fonisnot/FarialfcahriUJbA rfedmMd h

ordispensed with, as the Case may* require. id) o) oluborfoS ed) nr imo'I adi at

XL The said Overseers shall attend at the said Meeting at which Lbts are required id be returned by them under this Act, and shall verify their said Returns upon Oath, and shall at the same Meeting report to the Deputy Lieutenants the Result of the Vestry or other Meetings of their respective Parishes, and the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or ^(fre of them, assembled in their respective Subdivisions, shall direct the Xames of all Persons by Law exempted or incapacitated from serving in the Militia to be struck out from the several Lists, and shall direct to be inserted therein the Xames of any Persons that have been' wrongfully omitted, where the Right to be exempted, the Incapacity, or the Omission may be within the Knowledge of any of such Deputy Lieutenants, or may be made known to them by the Overseers making such Returns or otherwise; and the Lists for all the Parishes in each Subdivision, with such Corrections, if any, as may be so made therein, shall together, for the Purpose of the Ballot under this Act, form and be the List for such Subdivision, and at the said Meeting the Deputy Lieutenants or any Two or more of them there assembled shall ascertain and fix the Number of Militiamen, who shall until other Quotas shall be fixed in like Manner serve for each Parish of such Subdivision, having regard as herein-before provided to the Number of private Mep then ^crying ip/the -Militia of* the County, Riding, or, Place, who at the Time of their being enrolled were resident in any such Parish, and shall thereupon appoint another Meeting to be holden not later than Seven Days thereafter for the Ballot, and shall direct the Overseers of the Parishes in such Subdivision to give such public Notice in their respective Parishes of the Time so appointed for such Meeting, and of the Purpose thereof, as to the said Deputy Lieutenant shall seem fegfibildb griiv/ifl taftn eynC flooHuo'I nirtoiv/ Jlnria rfehall yiovo lo fe'mviovO oriT .XI

XII. who, by QWtul^|GIft, or Reward, or by any Threat or Promisdjf'W

otherwise, directly or indirectly endeavours to prevail on any Person not to make any

piake ri Rcttttit of aW for any; Pliifc.ef , 6r tcV'bfrdt o^'brasfe frorh or

out of any such List the Name of any Person who ought to he returned to serve as a

Militiaman, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and ('very PerBolT

to tell his Christian Name and Surname, 6^'yhc| RtioWtri^ly tolls a false Name,

pWpt^riding thff sajtrie to fye his ChrfetjjariiNaime or ShfrnariieLbt, who refusedWteTl .the

Christian Name or Surname of any Man lodging or dwelling within his or her House or

Apartment, or knowingly tells any fidse Name, pretending it to be the true Name of any such Person, to any Overseer who may demand the same for the Purpose of making,

frrecting, or verifying any Return or List temfiretPTOl'feit the Sum of ferf'I?qurifl&r ^J oaiifo "huh bm? t1nuooooA todvr ho bnn orlf m jpinrraa moy Jqmexo

noaunj ttovo to looLL on) a/ion 11a (I aotno silt ao aooCI on) no boxrftxi od o) teivJ. nous vaovs

XIII. The Deputy Lieutenants within, any Subdivision ox riny.Two orjaorie Of them,

from Time to Time may issue their Order or Warrant under their Hands and oeals, refquiring

tile Attendance of, any Overseer* ior any Constable* Tythingman, HeAdborough, or.-otheil

Peace Officer of any Pariah within atich Subdivision* at such Time and Place os in such

Order Or Warrant shall be expressed; and if any such Officer whose Attendance is so

required refriae ofl neglect to appear according to such Order or Warrant, or if >any Overseer

refuse or neglect to perform llis Duty in the Execution of this Act, or in making any

Return under this Adti, be guilty of any Firritiddor wilfup Partiality or gross Neglect ill hi&:

Duty, the said Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them, shall be empowered and

required to commit the Perfco&ido offending to/the Common Gaol dr House <si GdfrecHon

fori) any Time riot exceeding One Calendar Month, at tliek Discretion} tb fine such

Rerson iiv any fcmnv not exceeding Twenty PoundsW/ onim

At the Subdivision Meeting appointed for the Ballot the Deputy Lieutenants, or any Two or more of them there assembled, after making due Allowance for any Volunteer or Volunteers who may te produced pn Behalf of any Parish, and examined, approved, and sworn as hereinbefore provided, shall cause twice the Number of Men required to serve' in the Militia for each Parish of such Subdivision to be chosen by Ballot in manner following;

((liatis1 fo'sa^ime the "Pel^bns Habib Ta be ballhibd ' shrill' ptifelicfy, anil1 in' the

Presence of such Magistrates, Churchwardens, and Overseers as choose to attend, be called

over

Penalty for* - >#I inducing Overseer to make false Returns, or reftising to tell Name, &c.

Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of Overseers, Constables, &c.

At the said

Subdivision. tna Meeting for Ballot twicq*^ the Number of Men required to be chosen by Ballot, and another Meet ing appointed.

508 23* & 24" VICTORIA, c. 120.

over from the Parish List and put into the Box or Glass for balloting, and be in like Manner publicly drawn out until the Number of Men to be chosen by Ballot has been obtained; and the said Deputy Lieutenants shall cause the Names of the Men so drawn to be called or read over, and entered in a Book, and numbered in the Order in which they are drawn, and shall appoint another Meeting to be holden within Seven Days in the same Subdivision, and the Clerk of the Subdivision Meeting shall forthwith send Notice by the Post to every Man so chosen, addressed to him at his Place of Abode as stated in the Overseer's List, requiring him to appear at the Meeting so appointed, and specifying the Place, Day, and Hour of holding the same; and the Overseers of each Parish within such Division shall forthwith cause Notices to be affixed on the Door or the outer Wall near the Door of every Church and public Chapel in such Parish, including Places of Public Worship which do not belong to the Established Church, or (if such Parish have no such Church or Chapel) then on the Door or the outer Wall near the Door of every such Church and Chapel of some Parish thereto adjoining, which Notices shall state the Names and Places of Abode of such of the Men so chosen as were on the List made for such Parish, and the Fact of their having been so chosen, and shall require them to appear at the Meeting appointed as aforesaid, and shall specify the Place, Day, and Hour of holding the same.

Atst&ehMeet- XV. Every Person so chosen by Ballot shall upon such Notice appear at such Meeting} ing Claims of and if any Person so chosen consider that his Name ought not to have been returned or ^he£S°, n to hwerted in the List for his Parish, or that he is not liable to serve in the Militia, he may make his Objection at such Meeting, and the Determination thereon of any Two Deputy Lieutenants if only Two be assembled, or of the greater Number of those present If more than Two, shall be final.

Lists to be X VL The said Deputy Lieutenants shall, after striking out the Names of Persons whose

corrected, and Objections are allowed, take and cause to be examined the remaining Persona chosen by Ballot Men^re^jed^ as aforesaid, in the Order in which their Names are numbered, until the full Number of to be sworp Men appearing to be of the Height of not lees than Five Feet Two Inches and able and fit and enrolled, for Service, which is required for such Parish for the Militia, has been obtained; and the Men taken and examined, and appearing to be of such Height and able and fit for Service, shall then and there take the Oath required to be taken by Men raised by Ballot, and be enrolled (in a RoU to be prepared for that Purpose) to serve in the Militia of the County* Riding, or Place as a Private Militiaman for the Space of Five Years; and for the Purpose of any Examination as aforesaid the Secretary of War shall by his Regulations provide for the Attendance at any Meeting where the Men are so examined of a duly qualified Medical Practitioner, and for the Payment of such Medical Practitioner out of Such Monies as may be provided by Parliament for this Purpose, and when such full Numbed of Men has been obtained the remaining Men on the said List shall be discharged from all farther Attendance.

Provision for XVII. If from Incapacity for Service, Exemption, or other Cause the List of Men CaWLUtof chosen by Ballot be exhausted before the full Number of Men required to be furnished beingexhaujted for Parish has been obtained, the Deputy Lieutenants shall, at the Meeting at which before the such List is found to be exhausted, or at any subsequent Meeting to be appointed for the Purpose, cause twice the Number deficient to be chosen by Ballot, and a Supplemental r o tam List 0£ j£en (:}a(yBen to be formed In manner herein provided with respect to the choosing of Men for and the Formation of the original List, and shall, at a subsequent Meeting to be appointed for this Purpose, after the like Notices have been given and affixed as required in the Case of the first choosing of Men, provide for such Deficiency put of the Men so chosen in like Manner as in the Case of such original List.

Supply if XVIII. Where after the Number of Men required have been raised by Ballot, Vacancies

happen by Death, Discharge, or otherwise among the Militiamen so raised in any Parish tweenthean- or Parishes, and the Secretary-at-War may think it requisite that such Vacancies be

nual Ballots supplied before the Time of the next annual Ballot, a Subdivision Meeting shall be held

in the Subdivision in which such Parish or Parishes is or are situate, at such Time as shall be appointed by the Secretary-at-War and certified to the Clerk of the Subdivision for

this

m

W & 24° VICTORIA, c*120.

tbi# Purpose j *nd the Deputy Lieutenants shall at any such Meeting, or at any subsequent Meeting, cause twice the Number of* Men required to supply the Vaoancias to be chosen by Ballot, and a Supplemental or further Supplemental List of the Men so chosen to be formed in manner provided with respect to the choosing of Men for and the Formation of the original List at the annual Ballot, and shall at a subsequent Meeting to be appointed for this Purpose, after the like Notices have been given and affixed as required under the Enactment herein-before contained in the Case of the Men on the original List at the annual Ballot, supply out of such Supplemental or further Supplemental List the said Vacancies in like Manner as directed for providing the Men required for the Parish out qi the original List

XIX. The Men sworn as herein-before provided shall within Seven Days after being Men «wom to sworn attend at the Head Quarters of the Regiment, or such other convenient Place at Kead

as may be directed by the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, by any Order of Her ers' Majesty, signified by One of the Principal Secretaries of State, there to be drilled, trained, or exercised by way of preliminary Instruction for not exceeding Twenty-eight Days, in like Manner and subject to the same Provisions as in the Case of Volunteers.

XX. Any balloted Man who becomes liable to serve in the Militia may, at the Balloted Man Meeting at which it appears that he is so liable to serve, produce for his Substitute a Man of such Age and Height as by the Regulations of the Secretary at War may be required 8

in the Case of Volunteers raised for the Militia, and of the same County, Riding, or Place as such balloted Man, and who has not been drawn by Ballot in the same or any other Subdivision, and such Man, if on Examination appearing able and fit to serve, shall be accepted as such Substitute, and sworn and enrolled as in the Case of a balloted Man.

XXI. If any Person chosen by Ballot under this Act (not being a Quaker^ required to Consequences appear at any Subdivision Meeting in pursuance of any Notice given under this Act refuse.

or neglect to appear, and he become liable in the Rotation herein-before prescribed to be sworn. 1

taken and examined as herein-before provided, or if any Person so taken and examined refuse to take the said Oath and serve in the Militia, or to provide such Substitute as herein* before mentioned, who shall be examined and approved and take the said Oath, every such person shall forfeit any Sum not less than Forty Shillings and not exceeding Ten Pounds, and at the Expiration of Five Years be again liable to serve or provide a Substitute, and in default of Payment of such Penalty, or for Want of sufficient Effects whereon to levy the $M$e, the Name of such Person shall be entered on the Roll, and he shall be delivered over to some proper Officer of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps for which he was balloted, and be compelled (if found fit for Service) to serve for Five Years from the Time of his being apprehended, and be subject to the same Punishment for afterwards absconding or deserting as he would have been subject to in case he had been then sworn and enrolled in the ordinary Way.

XXII, If any Man chosen by Ballot as aforesaid, and becoming liable in the Rotation Conseqtumces herein-before provided to be taken and examined, refuse, when required by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, to be examined as to his Fitness to serve in the Militia, such Person ami ipay, at the Discretion of any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants, be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding One Week, and shall, notwithstanding such Imprisonment, be liable to be enrolled to serve in the Militia if he appear to the Deputy Lieutenants a proper Person to be so enrolled

XXIII. Sections Twenty-seven and Thirty-three of the Act of the Forty-second Year Sections 27. of King George the Third, Chapter Ninety, in relation to Occupiers and Overseers who are 90

Quakers, shall apply to and in the Case of Proceedings under this Act, and Section Fifty of as to Quakay the said Act, as amended by the Act of the Session holden in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth toapjUytothw, Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty, in relation to Persons being Quakers chosen by Ballot Act* '*/J

to serve in the Militia, and refusing or neglecting to appear and to take the Oath and serve in the Militia or provide a Substitute, shall apply to Persons being Quakers who may be Qhqien by Ballot, and become, or but for being Quakers would become* liable in the Rotation

herein-

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 120.

herein-before prescribed to be taken and examined, and if found fit to be sworn and enrolled as herein-before provided.

forms to be furnished by Secretary of State, and Expenses incurred to be defrayed oat of Monies

provided by Parliament

XXIV. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall from Time to Time cause to be furnished to the said Overseers the necessary Forms for the Pqrpose of the said Notices and Lists, and the Expenses incurred by such Overseers in and about the collecting Returns to such Notices, and making the Returns so required of them, and otherwise in the Performance of the Duties imposed on them by this Act, shall be defrayed out of such Monies as may be provided by Parliament for this Purpose.

Provicion coin XXV. Where upon any Alteration of the Quota of any County, Riding, or Place, or of AUeration of *? Subdivision, such Quota shall be increased, no Proceedings shall be taken for making Quotas. UP the Number of Men serving for such County, Riding, rlace, or Subdivision to the

full Quota by means of the Ballot, until the Time for the next annual Proceedings for the Purpose of the Ballot; and where upon any such Alteration the Quota is decreased below the Number then actually serving, the Men actually serving shall nevertheless continue to serve during their Term of Service as if such Quota had not been decreased *

Provisions XXVI. The Provisions herein-before contained for and in relation to the Ballot shall

hereil?'^fore apply only to the Militia to be raised in England: The following Enactments relating to the Ballot to*0 8UC11 Militia shall be repealed; (that is to say,) the Sections numbered Twenty-five, Twenty-apply to Militia six, Twenty-eight, Twenty-nine, Thirty, Thirty-one, Thirty-two, Thirty-six, Thirty-seven, " * Thirty-eight, Thirty-nine, Forty, Forty-four, and Forty-five of the Act of the Forty-second

certain itaact- Year of King George the Third, Chapter Ninety, and Section Forty-one of the same Act, ments herein except so much thereof as prescribes the Form of Oath to be taken by Men raised by Ballot; and Sections Thirteen and Fourteen of the Act of the Forty-third Year of King Pepemied' George the Third, Chapter Fifty; and Section One of the Act of the Forty-third Year of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred; and all the Provisions now in force of the said Act of the Forty-second Year of King George the Third, and of any Acts amending the same not. hereby repealed, shall, so far as the same are consistent with the Provisions hereinbefore contained, be applicable for the Purposes thereof, and be construed therewith as One Act

Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom and Ballots for such Militia suspended.

Proceedings ma j be had during such Suspension by Order in Council.

XXVII. Provided always, That all Proceedings under the Enactments herein-before contained, except only the holding of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy under Section One of this Act, and the Proceedings to be had at such Meetings, and the Report of the Result thereof, and the Ascertainment and fixing of the Number of Militiamen to serve for Subdivisions, and the Appointment by Lord Lieutenants of the Places for bolding Subdivision Meetings, shall, unless Her Majesty by Order in Council otherwise direct, be suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and all General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to procuring any Returns, or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia or any Part thereof for the Purpose of a Ballot, or relating to balloting for any Militiamen or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia by Ballot, as are or may be directed or authorized by or under any Act of Parliament now in force, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

XXVIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be bad at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions herein-before contained, and all other the Provisions of the Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the giving Notices for and Returns of Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose, at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to or by Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants

i r.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 120. 511

Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Cities, and Places in the United Kingdom; and all the Provisions of this Act, and of the several other Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the Militia shall, upon any such Order, and any Directions given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution by all Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Overseers, Constables, and all other Persons, at the Periods or respective Times specified in such Order or Directions as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods or respective Times had been fixed in this Act or the other Acts relating to such Militia.

XXIX. Provided also. That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding Not to extend before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid of such General or other Meetings ^ol^ve^ relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom as may be called in Great Britain under the tain Meetings Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland under relating to the the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or Militia* of any Meeting which may be called for the Purpose of altering, enlarging, or providing any Place for the Reception of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores belonging to the Militia.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

To

SCHEDULE (A.)

Take notice, That you are hereby required, within Five Days from the Date hereof, to prepare or produce a List in Writing, to the best of your Belief, of the Christian Name and Surname of each and every Man resident in your Dwelling House between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, distinguishing every Person in your Dwelling House of such Age as aforesaid claiming to be exempt from serving in the Militia, together with the Ground of every such Claim of Exemption; and you are to sign such List with your own Name, and to deliver or cause the same to be delivered to us or One of us.

Dated the Day of

A.B.

CD.

Overseers of the Poor of

Description. Names of Persons liable to serve. Names of Persons exempt. Ground of Exemption.

Housekeeper ... A.B.

* C.D.

Lodger - - E.F. —

, - G.H. —

99 f IK. P.R.

Servants ... ./ L.M.

1 N.O.

N.B. — If a House is divided in distinct Stories or Apartments, occupied distinctly, each distinct Occupier is required to make this Return, and each Occupier either of the whole House or of any separate Story or Apartment, being a Man between the Ages of Eighteen and Thirty, must include in his Return his own Name with the Particulars above required.

Neglect of Compliance with this Notice will subject the Party to the Penalty of Five Pounds.

Overseers of the Poor of

A.B.

C.D.

23 & 24 Vict.

3 T

6 & 7 Vict c. 13.

6 & 7 Vict c. 13. extended

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 120, 121.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Parish of.

Militia List made pursuant to the Directions of an Act passed in the Year of the Reign of Queen Victoria.

Names returned Place of Abode. Rank or Occupation. Infirmity, if any, likely to incapacitate from serving. Ground of Exemption.

Names of those not returned, or common Appellations. Place of Abode. Rank or Occupation, if known, distinguishing Housekeepers and Occupiers who have not made Returns. Infirmity, if known. Ground of Exemption, if known.

i

AB.

C.D.

Overseers of the Poor of

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Government of Her Settlements on the Coast of Africa and in the Falkland Islands.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of Her Majesty Queen Victoria,

" intituled An Act to enable Her Majesty to provide for the Government of Her Settlements on the Coast of Africa and in the Falkland Islands, Provision was made for the f Government of such Settlements which were then or might thereafter be made by any of

Her Majesty's Subjects resorting to the said Coast or in the said Islands: And whereas divers of Her Majesty's Subjects have occupied or may hereafter occupy other Places, ' being Possessions of Her Majesty, but in which no Government has been established

Authority of Her Majesty: And whereas it is necessary that Provision should be maefe

for the Civil Government of such Places, and for the Administration of Justice therein:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. The Provisions of the said Act shall extend to all Possessions of Her Majesty not having been acquired by Cession or Conquest, nor (except in virtue of this Act) being

within

23" &-24" VICTORIAE, c. 121, 122. 513

within the Jurisdiction of the legislative Authority of any of Her Majesty's Possessions to certain

abroad-

Territories.

II. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order or Orders in Council to authorize Orders of and require the Supreme or other Principal Court of Judicature in any of Her Possessions ^ris^ction°of to be specified in such Order (subject always to such Conditions and Limitations as in the Supreme said Order or Orders shall be mentioned) to take cognizance of all or any Suits, Actions, or Courts in cer-Prosecutions for Treason or Felony, which may arise in respect of any Act or Matter ^broad occurring within any Possession of Her Majesty to which this or the said herein-before recited Act shall extend, and by such Order or Orders to make Regulations respecting the Attendance of Witnesses in any such Suit, Action, or Prosecution, and the Mode of enforcing such Attendance, and respecting the Custody and Conveyance of any Person charged with the Commission of any such Crime within such last-mentioned Possessions, and respecting such other Matters as may be requisite for the due Trial of such Person by such Court as aforesaid, and every such Order shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament as soon as conveniently may be after the making thereof.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to enable the Legislatures of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad to make Enactments similar to the Enactment of the Act Ninth George the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-one, Section Eight.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of His late Majesty George the

Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in England 9 G. 4. c. ai. ' relating to Offences against the Person, it was enacted (amongst other things), that where any Person, being feloniously stricken, poisoned, or otherwise hurt at any Place in England, should die of such Stroke, Poisoning, or Hurt upon the Sea or at any Place out of ' England, every Offence committed in respect of any such Case, whether the same shall amount to the Offence of Murder or of Manslaughter, or of being Accessory before the i Fact to Murder, or after the Fact to Murder or Manslaughter, might be dealt with, f inquired for, tried, determined, and punished in the Country or Place in England in which f such Stroke, Poisoning, or Hurt should happen, in the same Manner in all respects as if

such Offence had been wholly committed in that Country or Place: And whereas it may be desirable that Provisions similar or analogous to the above-recited Provisions should be c made with respect to Offences committed within Her Majesty's Possessions abroad: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether it is competent to the Legislature of any such c Possession to make such Provision: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad to Legislatures of enact by any Law or Ordinance, to be by them made in the usual Manner, that where any Person, being feloniously stricken, poisoned, or otherwise hurt at any Place within the powered to Limits of such Possession, shall die of such Stroke, Poisoning, or Hurt upon the Sea or at make Ordi-any Place out of the Limits of such Possession, every Offence committed in respect of any such Case, whether the same shall amount to the Offence of Murder or of Manslaughter, or Effect as in of being Accessory before the Fact to Murder, or after the Fact to Murder or Manslaughter, Provisions of may be dealt with, inquired of, tried, determined, and punished in the Possession within the ^0^4 c°3i. Limits of which such Stroke, Poisoning, or Hurt shall happen, in the same Manner in all respects as if such Offence had been wholly committed within the Limits of such Possession, or such Legislature may enact, by any such Law or Ordinance to be made as aforesaid, to the like Effect.

---

514 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c 123.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Government of the Navy.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Laws relating to the Government of the Navy, whereon, under the good Providence of God, the Wealth, Safety, and Strength of the Kingdom chiefly depend: Be it enacted by the Queen’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Articles of War.

Public Worship.

[Public Worship to be performed.]

I. All Officers in Command of Her Majesty's Ships of War shall cause the Public Worship of Almighty God according to the Liturgy of the Church of England established by Law to be solemnly, orderly, and reverently performed in their respective Ships, and shall take care that Prayers and Preaching, by the Chaplains in Holy Orders of the respective Ships, be performed diligently, and that the Lord's Day be observed according to Law.

Misconduct in the Presence of the Enemy.

[Penalty for Misconduct in Action.]

II. Every Flag Officer, Captain, Commander or Officer commanding subject to this Act who upon Signal of Battle, or on Sight of a Ship of an Enemy which it may be his Duty to engage, shall not,

(1.) Use his utmost Exertion to bring his Ship into Action;

(2.) Or shall not during such Action, in his own Person and according to his Rank, encourage his inferior Officers and Men to fight courageously;

(3.) Or who shall surrender his Ship to the Enemy when capable of making a successful Defence, or who in Time of Action shall improperly withdraw from the Fight,

shall, if he has acted traitorously, suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice shall suffer Death, or be imprisoned, and be also dismissed with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service; and if he has acted from Negligence, or through other Default, he shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for not pursuing the Enemy and of not assisting a Friend in View.]

III. Every Officer subject to this Act who shall forbear to pursue the Chase of any Enemy, Pirate, or Rebel, beaten or flying, or shall not relieve and assist a known Friend in View to the utmost of his Power, or who shall improperly forsake his Station, shall, if he has therein acted traitorously, suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice, suffer Death or be imprisoned; if he has acted from Negligence, or through other Default, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for delaying or discouraging the Service, or deserting his Post, &c.]

IV. When any Action or any Service is commanded, every Person subject to this Act who shall presume to delay or discourage the said Action or Service upon any Pretence whatsoever, or in the Presence or Vicinity of the Enemy shall desert his Post or sleep upon his Watch, shall suffer Death, or such, other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for Misconduct of subordinate Officers and Men in Action.]

V. Every Person subject to this Act, and not being a Commanding Officer, who shall not use his utmost Exertions to carry the Orders of his superior Officers into execution when ordered to prepare for Action, or during the Action, shall, if he has acted traitorously, suffer Death; if he has acted from Cowardice shall suffer Death, or be imprisoned; and if he has acted from Negligence, or through other Default, be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c 123. 515

Communications with the Enemy.

[Penalty for Spies.]

VI. All Spies for the Enemy shall be deemed to be Persons subject to this Act, and shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for corresponding, &c. with the Enemy.]

VII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall traitorously hold-

(1.) Correspondence with or shall give Intelligence to the Enemy;

(2.) Or fail to make known to the proper Authorities any Information he may have received from the Enemy;

(3.) Or who shall relieve the Enemy with any Supplies,

shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for improper Communication with the Enemy.]

VIII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall, without any treacherous Intention, hold any improper Communication with the Enemy, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Neglect of Duty.

[Penalty for abandoning Post, &c.]

IX. Every Person subject to this Act who shall desert his Post or sleep upon his Watch, Penalty for hr negligently perform the Duty imposed on him, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after 08 ' mentioned.

Mutiny.

[Penalty for Mutiny with Violence.]

X. Where Mutiny is accompanied by Violence, every Person subject to this Act who shall join therein shall suffer Death, Penal Servitude, or Imprisonment; and every Person subject to this Act who shall not use his utmost Exertions to suppress such Mutiny shall, if he has acted traitorously, suffer Death, Penal Servitude, or Imprisonment; if he has acted from Cowardice, shall suffer Penal Servitude or Imprisonment; if he has acted from Negligence he shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for Mutiny not accompanied by Acts of Violence.]

XI. Where a Mutiny is not accompanied by Violence, the Ringleaders of such Mutiny shall suffer Death, Penal Servitude, or Imprisonment; and all other Persons who shall join in such Mutiny, or shall not use their utmost Exertions to suppress the same, shall suffer Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for inciting to Mutiny.]

XII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall endeavour to seduce any other Person subject to this Act from his Duty or Allegiance to Her Majesty, or endeavour to incite him to commit any Act of Mutiny, shall suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for Civilians endeavouring to seduce from Allegiance.]

XIII. Every Person, not otherwise subject to this Act, who, being on board any Ship of Her Majesty, shall endeavour to seduce from his Duty or Allegiance to Her Majesty, any Person subject to this Act, shall so far as respects such Offence be deemed to be a Person subject to this Act, and shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for making mutinous Assemblies or uttering seditious Words.]

XIV. Every Person subject to this Act who shall make or endeavour to make any mutinous Assembly, or shall lead or incite any other Person to join in any mutinous Assembly, or shall utter any Words of Sedition or Mutiny, shall suffer Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for concealing any traitorous or mutinous Practice, Design, or Words.]

XV. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully conceal any traitorous or mutinous Practice or Design, or any traitorous or mutinous Words spoken against Her Majesty, or any Words, Practice, or Design tending to the Hindrance of the Service, shall suffer Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for striking or offering to]

XVI. Every Person subject to this Act who shall strike or offer to strike or use any Violence against his superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, shall be punished

516 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123.

[ strike superior Officer.]

with Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned; and every Person subject to this Act who shall strike or offer to strike or use any Violence against his superior Officer, not being in the Execution of his Office, shall be punished with Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Insubordination.

[Penalty for Disobedience or using threatening Language to superior Officer.]

XVII. Every Person who shall wilfully disobey any lawful Command of his superior Officer, or shall use threatening or insulting Language or behave with Contempt to his superior Officer, shall be punished with Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for quarrelling, &c., or using reproachful Speech or Gestures.]

XVIII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall quarrel or fight with any other Person, whether such other Person be or be not subject to this Act, or shall use reproachful or provoking Speeches or Gestures, tending to make any Quarrel or Disturbance, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Desertion and Absence without Leave.

[Penalty for Desertion.]

XIX. Every Person subject to this Act who shall absent himself from his Ship or from the Place where his Duty requires him to be, without any Intention of returning to such Ship or Place, or who shall at any Time and under any Circumstances when absent from his Ship do any Act which shows that he has not any Intention of returning to such Ship or Place, shall be deemed to have deserted, and shall be punished accordingly; that is to say,

(1.) If he has deserted to the Enemy he shall be punished with Death, Penal Servitude, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned;

(2.) If he has deserted under any other Circumstances he shall be punished with Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned;

and in every such Case he shall forfeit all Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances that have been earned by him, and all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations that may have been granted to him, and also all Clothes and Effects which he may have left on board the Ship or at the Place from which he has deserted, unless the Tribunal by which he is tried shall otherwise direct.

[Penalty for inducing any Person to desert.]

XX. Every Person subject to this Act who shall endeavour to seduce any other Person subject to this Act to desert shall suffer Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned.

[Penalty for entertaining a Deserter.]

XXI. Every Officer in Command of any Ship of Her Majesty who shall receive or entertain any Deserter from Her Majesty's Military or Naval Forces, after discovering him to be a Deserter, and shall not, with all convenient Speed, in the Case of a Deserter from Her Majesty's Naval Forces, give Notice to the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which such Deserter belongs, or, if such Ship is at a Distance, to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Commander-in-Chief, or, in case of a Deserter from Her Majesty's Military Forces, give Notice to the Secretary of War or the Commanding Officer of the Regiment to which such Deserter belongs, the Officer so offending shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for Absence without Leave.]

XXII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be absent without Leave shall be liable to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Ten Weeks, with or without Hard Labour, or such other Punishment as the Circumstances of the Case may require, and shall also forfeit out of his Wages a Sum not exceeding the Amount of Two Days Pay, exclusive of all Charges of Apprehension, and in addition for every Twenty-five Hours of Absence a Sum not exceeding Six Days Pay; and any Person may be deemed to be absent without Leave, notwithstanding his Absence may not have been voluntary, but may have been caused by Imprisonment under any Commitment for any Offence against the Law.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123. 517

Miscellaneous Offences.

[Penalty for profane Swearing and other Immoralities.]

XXIII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of profane Oaths, Cursings, Execrations, Drunkenness, Uncleanness, or other scandalous Actions in derogation of God's Honour and Corruption of good Manners, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty on Officer for Cruelty or Oppression.]

XXIV. Every Officer subject to this Act who shall be guilty of Cruelty, or of any scandalous or fraudulent Conduct, shall be dismissed with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service; and every Officer subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any other Conduct unbecoming the Character of an Officer shall be dismissed, with or without Disgrace, from Her Majesty's Service.

[Penalty for suffering Ships to be improperly lost.]

XXV. Every Person subject to this Act who shall either designedly or negligently suffer any Ship of Her Majesty to be improperly lost, stranded, or hazarded, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for not taking care of and defending Ships under Convoy.]

XXVI. The Officers of all Ships of Her Majesty appointed for the Convoy and Protection of any Ships or Vessels shall diligently perform their Duty without Delay according to their Instructions in that Behalf; and every Officer who shall fail in his Duty in this respect, and shall not defend the Ships and Goods under his Convoy, without Deviation to any other Objects, or shall refuse to fight in their Defence if they are assailed, or shall cowardly abandon and expose the Ships in his Convoy to Hazard, or shall demand or exact any Money or other Reward from any Merchant or Master for convoying any Ships or Vessels entrusted to his Care, or shall misuse the Masters or Mariners thereof, shall make such Reparation in Damages to the Merchants, Owners, and others as the Court of Admiralty may adjudge, and also shall be punished criminally according to the Nature of his Offence, by Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Master of Merchant Vessel to obey Orders of convoying Officer.]

XXVII. Every Master or other Officer in Command of any Merchant or other Vessel under the Convoy of any Ship of Her Majesty shall obey the Commanding Officer thereof in all Matters relating to the Navigation or Security of the Convoy, and shall take such Precautions for avoiding the Enemy as may he directed by such Commanding Officer; and if he shall fail to obey such Directions such Commanding Officer may compel Obedience by Force of Arms, without being liable for any Loss of Life or of Property that may result from his using such Force.

[Penalty for taking any Goods on board other than for the Use of the Vessel, except Gold, Silver, Jewels, &c.]

XXVIII. Every Officer in Command of any of Her Majesty's Ships who shall receive on board, or permit to be received on board, such Ship any Goods or Merchandises whatsoever, other than for the sole Use of the Ship, except Gold, Silver, or Jewels, and except the Goods and Merchandise belonging to any Merchant or on board any Ship which may be shipwrecked or in imminent Danger, either on the High Seas or in some Port, Creek, or Harbour, for the Purpose of preserving them for their proper Owners, or except such Goods or Merchandise as he may at any Time be ordered to take or receive on board by Order of the Admiralty, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for embezzling Public Stores.]

XXIX. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wastefully expend, embezzle, or fraudulently buy, sell, or receive, any Ammunition, Provisions, or other Public Stores, and every Person subject to this Act who shall knowingly permit any such wasteful Expenditure, Embezzlement, Sale, or Receipt, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned.

[Penalty for burning any Magazine or Vessel, &c. not belonging to an Enemy.]

XXX. Every Person subject to this Act who shall unlawfully set fire to any Dockyard, Victualling Yard, or Steam Factory Yard, Arsenal, Magazine, Building, Stores, or to any Ship, or Furniture thereunto belonging, not being the Property of an Enemy, Pirate, or Rebel, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for making or]

XXXI. Every Person subject to this Act who shall knowingly make or sign a false Muster or Record or other official Document, or who shall command, counsel, or procure

518 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123.

[signing false Musters.]

the making or signing thereof, or who shall aid or abet any other Person in the making or signing thereof, shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for Misconduct in Hospital.]

XXXII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully do any Act, or wilfully disobey any Orders, whether in Hospital or elsewhere, with Intent to produce or to aggravate any Disease or Infirmity, or to delay his Cure, or who shall feign any Disease, Infirmity, or Inability to perform his Duty, shall suffer Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned.

[Penalty for endeavouring to stir up any Disturbance on account of Unwholesomeness of the Victuals or other just Grounds.]

XXXIII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall have any Cause of Complaint, either of the Unwholesomeness of the Victuals or upon any other just Ground, shall quietly make the same known to his Superior, or Captain, or Commander-in-Chief, and the said Superior, Captain, or Commander-in-Chief shall, as far as he is able, cause the same to be presently remedied; and no Person subject to this Act upon any Pretence whatever shall attempt to stir up any Disturbance, upon Pain of such Punishment as a Court-martial may think fit to inflict, according to the Degree of Offence.

[Penalty for Offences against Naval Discipline not particularly mentioned.]

XXXIV. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of any Act, Disorder, or Neglect to the Prejudice of good Order and Naval Discipline, net herein-before specified, shall suffer Imprisonment, or suck other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

[Penalty for Offences against Naval Discipline not particularly mentioned.]

XXXV. All the Papers, Charter Parties, Bills of Lading, Passports, and other Writings whatsoever that shall be taken, seized, or found aboard any Ship or Ships which shall be taken as Prize shall be duly preserved, and the Commanding Officer of the Ship which shall take such Prize shall send the Originals entire and without Fraud to the Court of Admiralty, or such other Court or Commissioners' as shall he authorized to determine whether such Prize be lawful Capture, there to be viewed, made use of, and proceeded upon, according to Law, upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such further Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto shall forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

[Penalty for taking Money or other Effects out of any Prize before the same shall be condemned.]

XXXVI. No Person subject to this Act shall take out of any Prize or Ship seized for Prize any Money, Plate, or Goods, unless it shall be necessary for the better securing thereof, or for the necessary Use and Service of any of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, before the same be adjudged lawful Prize in some Admiralty Court; but the full and entire Account of the whole without Embezzlement shall be brought in, and Judgment passed entirely upon the whole, without Fraud, upon Pain that every Person offending herein shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned, and in addition thereto forfeit and lose his Share of the Capture.

[Penalty for stripping or ill-using Persons taken on board a Prize.]

XXXVII. If any Ship or Vessel shall be taken as Prize, none of the Officers, Mariners or other Persons on board her shall be stripped of their Clothes, or in any sort pillaged beaten, or evil intreated, upon Pain that the Person or Persons so offending shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, with or without Disgrace, or suffer such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

Offences punishable by ordinary Law.

[Penalty for Offences punishable by ordinary Law.]

XXXVIII. Every Person subject to this Act who shall be guilty of Murder shall suffer Death:

If he shall be guilty of Manslaughter he shall suffer Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned:

If he shall be guilty of Sodomy with Man or Beast he shall suffer Penal Servitude:

If he shall be guilty of indecent Assaults he shall suffer Penal Servitude or such other Punishment as is hereinafter mentioned:

If he shall be guilty of Robbery or Theft he shall suffer Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned:

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123. 519

If he shall be guilty of any other Criminal Offence punishable by the Laws of England, he shall be punished either in pursuance of the First Part of this Act as an Act to the Prejudice of good Order and Naval Discipline not otherwise specified, or the Offender shall be subject to the same Punishment as might be awarded by any Civil Tribunal competent to try the Offender.

[Offences, when punishable.]

XXXIX. For all Offences specified or referred to in this Act, if committed by any Person subject thereto in any Harbour, Haven, or Creek, or on any Lake or River, whether in or out of the United Kingdom or anywhere within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty, or at any Place on Shore out of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any of Her Majesty's Dockyards, Victualling Yards, Steam Factory Yards, or on any Gun Wharf, or in any Arsenal, Barrack, or Hospital belonging to Her Majesty, whether in or out of the said United Kingdom, the Offender may be tried and punished under this Act, and for all Offences herein-before specified under the Headings "Communications with the Enemy," "Mutiny," "Insubordination," "Desertion and Absence without Leave," or "Miscellaneous Offences," if committed by any Person subject to this Act at any Place on Shore, whether in or out of the said United Kingdom, the Offender may be tried and punished under this Act.

PART II.

General Provisions.

[Power of Court-martial to find Intent with which Offence committed.]

XL. Where the Amount of Punishment for any Offence under this Act depends upon the Intent with which it has been committed, and any Prisoner is charged with having committed such Offence with an Intent involving a greater Degree of Punishment, a Court-martial may find that the Offence was committed with an Intent involving a less Degree of Punishment, and award such Punishment accordingly.

XLI. Where any Prisoner shall be charged with Murder, a Court-martial may find him guilty of Manslaughter or of a Common Assault; where he shall be charged with Sodomy, a Court-martial may find him guilty of an indecent Assault; where he shall be charged with Theft, a Court-martial may find him guilty of an Attempt to thieve, or of Embezzlement, or of wrongful Appropriation of Property belonging to another; and generally where any Prisoner shall be charged with any Offence under this Act he may upon Failure of Proof of the Commission of the greater Offence be found guilty of another Offence of the same Class, involving a less Degree of Punishment, but not of any Offence involving a greater Degree of Punishment.

XLII. All armed Rebels, armed Mutineers, and Pirates shall be deemed to be Enemies within the Meaning of this Act.

XLIII. Every Officer in Command of One of Her Majesty's Ships may, by Warrant under his Hand, authorize any Person to arrest an Offender belonging to such Ship for any Offence against this Act mentioned in such Warrant; and any Person so authorized may use Force, if necessary, for the Purpose of effecting such Apprehension, towards any Person subject to this Act.

XLIV. Every Person subject to this Act who shall not use his utmost Endeavours to detect, apprehend, and bring to Punishment all Offenders against this Act, and shall not assist the Officers appointed for that Purpose, shall suffer Imprisonment or such other Punishment as is herein-after mentioned.

PART III.

Regulations as to Punishments.

[Punishments.]

XLV. The following Punishments may be inflicted in Her Majesty's Navy:

(1.) Death:

(2.) Penal Servitude:

520 23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 123.

(3.) Dismissal with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service:

(4.) Imprisonment or Corporal Punishment:

(5.) Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service:

(6.) Forfeiture of Seniority as an Officer for a specified Time, or otherwise:

(7.) Dismissal from the Ship to which the Offender belongs:

(8.) Severe Reprimand, or Reprimand:

(9.) Disrating a Subordinate or Petty Officer:

(10.) Forfeiture of Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances earned by and of all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations granted to the Offender, or of any One or more of the above Particulars; also, in the Case of Desertion, of all Clothes and Effects left by the Deserter on board the Ship to which he belongs.

(11.) Such Minor Punishments as are now inflicted according to the Custom of the Navy, or may from Time to Time be allowed by the Admiralty:

and each of the above Punishments shall be deemed to be inferior in Degree to every Punishment preceding it in the above Scale.

[Regulations as to Punishments.]

XLVI. The following Regulations are hereby made with respect to the Infliction of Punishments in Her Majesty's Navy:

(1.) The Admiralty may, except in case of Sentence of Death, which shall only be remitted by Her Majesty, suspend, annul, or modify any Sentence passed on any Person subject to this Act:

(2.) Judgment of Death shall not be passed on any Prisoner unless Four at least of the Officers present at the Court-martial, where the Number does not exceed Five, and in other Cases a Majority of not less than Two Thirds of the Officers present, concur in the Sentence:

(3.) The Punishment of Death shall not be inflicted on any Prisoner until the Sentence has been confirmed by the Admiralty or by the Commander-in-Chief on a Foreign Station:

(4.) The Punishment of Penal Servitude may be inflicted for the Term of Life, or for any other Term of not less than Four Years:

(5.) The Punishment of Penal Servitude shall in all Cases involve Dismissal with Disgrace from Her Majesty's Service:

(6.) Dismissal with Disgrace shall involve in all Cases a Forfeiture of all Pay, Head Money, Bounty, Salvage, Prize Money, and Allowances that have been earned by, and of all Annuities, Pensions, Gratuities, Medals, and Decorations that may have been granted to the Offender, and an Incapacity to serve Her Majesty again in any Military, Naval, or Civil Service; and may also in all Cases be accompanied by a Sentence of Imprisonment, with or without Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Periods herein-after mentioned, and with or without Hard Labour for all or any Part of the Term of Imprisonment, and with or without Corporal Punishment:

(7.) The Punishment of Imprisonment may be inflicted for any Term not exceeding Two Years; it may be accompanied with a Direction that the Prisoner shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Period of such Term not exceeding Fourteen Days at any One Time, and not exceeding Eighty-four Days in any One Year, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than the Periods of Solitary Confinement, and when the Imprisonment awarded exceeds Eighty-four Days, the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any Twenty-eight Days of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods, or the Punishment of Imprisonment may be accompanied with a Direction that the Prisoner shall be kept to Hard Labour for all or any Part of the Term of Imprisonment; and Corporal Punishment may be awarded in addition to any Sentence of Imprisonment: In any Case of Corporal Punishment, not more than Forty-eight Lashes shall be inflicted:

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123. 521

(8.) No Officer shall be subject to Corporal Punishment: no Petty or Non-commissioned Officer shall be subject to Corporal Punishment, except in case of Mutiny:

All other Punishments authorized by this Act may be inflicted in the Manner heretofore in use in the Navy.

[Limitation of Time as to Trials.]

XLVII. No Person, unless he be an Offender who has avoided Apprehension or fled from Justice, shall be tried or punished in pursuance of this Act for any Offence committed by him unless such Trial shall take place within Three Years from the Commission of such Offence, or within One Year after the Return of such Offender to the United Kingdom, where he has been absent from the United Kingdom during such Period of Three Years.

[Scale of Punishment.]

XLVIII. Subject to the foregoing Regulations, where any Punishment is specified by this Act as the Penalty for any Offence, and it is further declared that another Punishment may be awarded in respect of the same Offence, the Expression "other Punishment" shall be deemed to comprise every Punishment inferior in Degree to the specified Punishment, according to the Scale herein-before mentioned; but Corporal Punishment shall be deemed equal in Degree to Imprisonment, and may in all Cases, subject to the foregoing Regulations, be inflicted as a Substitute for or in addition to Imprisonment.

[Authorities having Power to try Offences.]

XLIX. Any Offence triable under this Act may be tried and punished by Court-martial; and any Offence triable under this Act, not committed by an Officer, and not hereby made Capital, may, under such Regulations as the Admiralty may from Time to Time issue, be summarily tried and punished by the Officer in Command of the Ship to which such Offender belongs, subject to the following Restrictions; (that is to say,)

(1.) The Commanding Officer shall not have Power to award the Punishment of Penal Servitude:

(2.) The Commanding Officer shall not have Power to sentence any Man, except a Deserter, or Man absent without Leave, to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Twenty-eight Days, nor to sentence a Deserter to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Three Calendar Months, nor a Man absent without Leave to Imprisonment for a longer Period than Six Weeks, nor to award Solitary Confinement for more than Seven Days at a Time with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of Solitary Confinement:

(3.) Except in case of open Mutiny, no Man shall be sentenced by the Commanding Officer to Corporal Punishment until his Offence has been inquired into by One or more Officers appointed by such Commanding Officer, and his or their Opinion as to the Guilt or Innocence of the Prisoner reported to such Commanding Officer, and the Commanding Officer shall thereupon act as according to his Judgment may, seem right.

PART IV.

Courts-martial.

Constitution of Courts-martial

[Constitution of Courts-martial.]

L. The following Regulations are hereby made with respect to Courts-martial:

(1.) A Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five nor more than Nine Officers:

(2.) No Officer shall be qualified to sit as a Member of any Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act unless he be a Flag Officer, Captain, Commander, or Lieutenant of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay:

(3.) A Court-martial shall not be held unless at least Three of Her Majesty's Ships, not being Tenders, and not commanded by Officers under the Rank of Lieutenant, are together at the Time when such Court-martial is held:

(4.) No Officer shall sit on a Court-martial who is under Twenty-one Years of Age:

522 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123.

(5.) No Court-martial for the Trial of a Flag Officer shall be duly constituted unless the President is a Flag Officer, and the other Officers composing the Court are of the Rank of Captain, or of higher Rank:

(6.) No Court-martial for the Trial of a Captain in Her Majesty's Navy shall be duly constituted unless the President is a Captain or of higher Rank, and the other Officers composing the Court are Commanders or Officers of higher Rank:

(7.) No Court-martial for the Trial of any Person below the Rank of Captain in Her Majesty's Navy shall be duly constituted, unless the President is a Captain or of higher Rank, nor unless in addition to the President there are Two other Members of the Court of the Rank of Commander or of higher Rank:

(8.) The Prosecutor shall not sit on any Court-martial for the Trial of a Prisoner whom he prosecutes:

(9.) The Admiralty shall have Power to order Courts-martial to be held for the Trial of Offences under this Act, and to grant Commissions to any Officer of Her Majesty's Navy on Full Pay authorizing him to order Courts-martial to be held for the Trial of such Offences:

(10.) An Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial shall not be empowered to do so if there is present at the Place where such Court-martial is to be held any Officer superior in Rank to himself, although such last-mentioned Officer may not hold a Commission to order Courts-martial; and in such a Case such last-mentioned Officer may order a Court-martial, although he does not hold any Commission for the Purpose:

(11.) If any Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial, having the Command of a Fleet or Squadron, and being in Foreign Parts, die, be recalled, leave his Station, or be removed from his Command, the Officer upon whom the Command of the Fleet or Squadron devolves, and so from Time to Time, the Officer who shall have the Command of the Fleet or Squadron, shall, without any Commission from the Admiralty, have the same Power to order Courts-martial as the first-mentioned Officer was invested with:

(12.) If any Officer holding a Commission from the Admiralty to order Courts-martial, and having the Command of any Fleet or Squadron of Her Majesty's Ships in Foreign Parts, shall detach any Part of such Fleet or Squadron, he may, by Commission under his Hand, empower the Commanding Officer of the Squadron or Detachment ordered on such separate Service, and in case of his Death or ceasing so to command the Officer to whom the Command of such separate Squadron or Detachment shall belong, to order Courts-martial during the Time of such separate Service, or until such Authority shall be revoked, or until the Officer commanding the Detachment shall come under the Command of another superior Officer, or shall return to the United Kingdom:

(13.) The Officer ordering a Court-martial shall not sit thereon:

(14.) The President of every Court-martial shall be named by the Authority ordering the same, or by any Officer empowered by such Authority to name the President:

(15.) No Commander or Lieutenant shall be required to sit as a Member of any Court-martial when Four Officers of a higher Rank and junior to the President can be assembled at the Place where the Court-martial is to be holden:

(16.) Subject to the foregoing Regulations, whenever a Court-martial shall be held the Officer appointed to preside thereat shall summon, according to Seniority, all the Officers present at the Place where the Court-martial shall be held to sit thereon, until the Number of Nine, or such Number, not less than Five, as is attainable, is complete; subject to this Proviso, that the Admirals and Captains, being Superintendents of Her Majesty's Dockyards, shall not be summoned to sit on Courts-martial unless specially directed to do so by Orders from the Admiralty.

Proceedings of Courts-martial.

[Sittings of Courts-martial.]

LI. A Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act shall sit from Day to Day, with the Exception of Sundays, until Sentence is given, and its Proceedings shall not be delayed by the Absence of any Member, so that not less than Five are present; and no Member shall

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123. 523

absent himself unless compelled so to do by Sickness or other just Cause, to be approved of by the other Members of the Court; and if any Member of a Court-martial shall absent himself therefrom, in contravention of this Section, he shall be dismissed from Her Majesty's Service, or shall suffer such other Punishment as may be awarded by a Court-martial.

[Appointment of officiating Judge Advocate.]

LII. In the Absence of a Judge Advocate or his Deputy, the Officer who is to be the President of the Court-martial may appoint any Person to officiate as Judge Advocate at the Trial; and the Judge Advocate of any Fleet for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, hereinafter included under the Term "the Judge Advocate," shall administer an Oath to every Witness appearing at the Trial.

[Proceedings at Trial.]

LIII. As soon as the Court is assembled, the Names of the Officers composing the Court shall be read over to the Prisoner, who shall be asked if he objects to being tried by any Member of the Court. If the Prisoner shall object to any Member, the Objection shall be decided by the Court. If the Objection shall be allowed, the Place of the Member objected to shall be filled up by the Officer next in Seniority who is not on the Court-martial, subject to the Regulations herein-before contained.

[Oaths to be administered to Members of Courts-martial.]

LIV. Before the Court shall proceed to try the Prisoner, the Judge Advocate shall administer to every Member of the Court the following Oath; that is to say,

'I ________ do swear, That I will duly administer Justice according to Law, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection; and I do further swear, that I will not on any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of this Court-martial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law.'

'So help me GOD.'

[Oath to be administered to Judge Advocate, &c.]

LV. As soon as the said Oath shall be administered to the Members of the Court-martial, the President shall administer to the Judge Advocate the following Oath:

'I _______ do swear, That I will not upon any account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless thereunto required in due Course of Law.'

'So help me GOD.'

[Summoning Witnesses.]

LVI. Every Person, Civil, Naval, and Military, who may be required to give Evidence before a Court-martial, shall be summoned by the Judge Advocate; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Court, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies or elsewhere, according as the Case stall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who make default in attending on such Courts, or attending refuse to be sworn or make Affirmation, or being sworn or having made Affirmation refuse to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, or prevaricate in giving their Evidence, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or the Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries, in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness after having been duly summoned and subpoenaed had neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint is made, or had refused to be sworn, or on being sworn had refused to give Evidence, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand, or had prevaricated in giving Evidence, or if the Court-martial shall think fit, in case any such Person belong to Her Majesty's Navy, being called upon to give Evidence at any Court-martial, shall refuse or neglect to attend to give his Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation, or shall prevaricate in his Evidence, or behave with Contempt to the

524 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123.

Court, such Court-martial may punish every such Offender by Imprisonment not longer than Three Months, in case of such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevarication, nor longer than One Month in the Case of such Contempt; and every Person not subject to this Act who may be so summoned to attend shall be allowed and paid his reasonable Expenses, under the Authority of the Admiralty, for such Attendance.

[Penalty on Persons giving false Evidence.]

LVII. Every Person who, upon any Examination upon Oath or upon Affirmation, before any Court-martial held in pursuance of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, shall be liable to the Penalties of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

[Where Persons are insane at the Time of Offence or Trial.]

LVIII. Where it shall appear upon the Trial by Court-martial of any Person charged with an Offence that such Person is insane, the Court shall find specially the Fact of his Insanity, and shall order such Person to be kept in strict Custody in such Place and in such Manner as to the Court shall seem fit, until the Directions of the Admiralty thereupon are known; and it shall be lawful for the Lords of the Admiralty to give Orders for the safe Custody of such Person during Her Majesty's Pleasure, in such Place and in such Manner as they shall think fit.

[Report of Proceedings of Courts-martial.]

LIX. Every Judge Advocate, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, shall transmit with as much Expedition as may be the original Proceedings and Sentence of every Court-martial attended by him to the Commander-in-Chief or senior Officer, who shall transmit them to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, and any Person tried by a Court-martial shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Proceedings and Sentence, at any Time not sooner than Six Months after the Trial if the same takes place in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Naval Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere, (upon Payment for the same at the Rate of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words,) but no such Demand shall be allowed after the Space of Three Years from the Date of the final Decision of such Court-martial.

PART V.

Penal Servitude and Prisons.

Penal Servitude.

[Sentence of Penal Servitude.]

LX. Whenever any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or whenever Sentence of Penal Servitude shall be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial, and such Sentence, or any Part thereof, is intended to be carried into effect, the Admiralty shall cause the same to be notified in Writing to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Penal' Servitude of such Offender, upon the Terms and for the Time specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon, such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is or may be authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Order in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders sentenced by Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction to Penal Servitude; and such Order and other Acts to be so made, and done as aforesaid shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender may at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual and have all the same Consequences as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute relating to Penal Servitude with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned, and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, and be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Statute; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to all the Penalties and Provisions made by Law, and in force for the Time being, concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude is made, every Law in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123. 525

Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge or Baron who makes an Order for Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of the Admiralty, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench, and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or the Admiralty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made, and such Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

[Disposal of Offender after Sentence of Penal Servitude.]

LXI. When any Sentence of Death shall have been commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Person subject to this Act shall have been condemned to Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty, or the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which such Person belongs or has belonged, to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he is removed therefrom by due Authority, under an Order for his Penal Servitude, to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid, and a Certificate of his Sentence (such Certificate to be signed by the Secretary of the Admiralty or such Commanding Officer) shall be a sufficient Authority to the Commanding Officer of the Ship to which he may be sent, or to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison, to receive and detain him.

[Subsistence of Offender.]

LXII. In case any such Offender shall be conveyed to any Prison, not being a Naval Prison appointed by virtue of this Act, an Allowance such as the Admiralty shall from Time to Time direct shall be made to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison, for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, and such Allowance shall be paid by Order of the Admiralty, upon Production by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender has been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison.

[Imprisonment of Offender already under Sentence for previous Offence.]

LXIII. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude passed upon him by a Court-martial for a former Offence, the Court may award Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he has been previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

Prisons.

[Term and Place of Imprisonment.]

LXIV. Every Term of Penal Servitude or of Imprisonment in pursuance of this Act shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the Sentence was awarded, and the Place of Imprisonment, whether the Imprisonment was awarded as an original or as a commuted Punishment, shall be such Place as may be appointed by the Court or the Commanding Officer awarding the Punishment, or which may from Time to Time be appointed by the Admiralty, and may be One of the Naval Prisons appointed under this Act, or any Common Gaol within Her Majesty's Dominions.

[Place of Imprisonment may be changed, &c.]

LXV. Whenever it is deemed expedient it shall be lawful for the Admiralty, by any Order in Writing, from Time to Time to change the Place of Confinement of any Offender imprisoned or sentenced to be imprisoned in pursuance of this Act, and the Gaoler or other Person having the Custody of such Offender shall immediately on the Receipt of such Order remove such Offender to the Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction mentioned in the said Order; and every Gaoler or Keeper of such last-mentioned Prison, Gaol, or House of

526 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123.

Correction shall, upon being furnished with a Copy of such Order of Removal, attested by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being, receive into his Custody and shall confine pursuant to such Sentence or Order every such Offender.

[Expenses of Removal or Subsistence of Prisoners.]

LXVI. The Gaoler or other Person removing any Offender in pursuance of such Order shall be allowed for the Charges of such Removal a Sum not exceeding One Shilling a Mile, and when any Offender is not confined in a Naval Prison the Gaoler or other Person in whose Custody any such Offender may be shall receive such an Allowance as the Admiralty shall from Time to Time direct for every Day that such Offender is in his Custody, to be applied towards his Subsistence, and such Sum shall be paid to the said Gaoler or other Person under the Authority of the Admiralty, upon the Application in Writing made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by any Justice for the County or Place in which such Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction shall be situate, with a Copy of the Sentence or Order under which the Prisoner is confined.

[Proviso for Discharge or Removal of Prisoners.]

LXVII. Whenever any Prisoner is undergoing Imprisonment in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Admiralty, or where an Offender has been imprisoned by Order of his Commanding Officer, for such Commanding Officer, to give an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged; and it shall also be lawful for the Admiralty and any Officer commanding any of Her Majesty's Ships, by Order in Writing, to direct that any such Prisoner be delivered over to Naval Custody for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial, either as a Witness, or for Trial or otherwise, and such Prisoner shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order, be discharged, or be delivered over to such Custody.

[Proviso as to Time of Detention in Naval Custody.]

LXVIII. The Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment is detained in Naval Custody shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under his Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention takes place; and the Governor, Gaoler, Keeper, or Superintendent who shall deliver over any such Prisoner shall again receive him from Naval Custody, so that he may undergo the Remainder of his Punishment.

[In case of Insanity Prisoners to be removed to some Lunatic Asylum.]

LXIX. If any Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act shall become insane, and a Certificate to that Effect shall be given by Two Physicians or Surgeons, the Admiralty may, by Warrant, direct the Removal of such Person to such Lunatic Asylum or other proper Receptacle for insane Persons in the United Kingdom as they may judge proper, for the unexpired Term of his Imprisonment; and if any such Person shall in the same Manner be certified to be again of sound Mind, the Admiralty may issue a Warrant for his being removed to such Prison or Place of Confinement as may be deemed expedient, to undergo the Remainder of his Punishment, and every Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction shall receive him accordingly.

[Admiralty may set apart Buildings and Ships as Naval Prisons.]

LXX. The Admiralty may set apart any Buildings or Vessels, or any Parts thereof, as Naval Prisons, and any Buildings or Vessels, or Parts of Buildings or Vessels, so set apart, shall be deemed to be Naval Prisons within the Meaning of this Act, and all Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction, which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, shall, with respect to all such Naval Prisons, belong to the Admiralty; and it shall be lawful for the Admiralty from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Naval Prison, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of Offenders confined therein, and from Time to Time to appoint Inspectors and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Naval Prison, and, as. Occasion may arise, to remove the Inspectors, Officers, or Servants of any such Naval Prison; and the senior Officer at any Port or Place or on any Station where there may be any such Naval Prison, or such senior Officer and such other person and Persons as the Admiralty may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, or Officer, having the Charge or Command of any such Naval Prison respectively, shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made as aforesaid, have and exercise, in respect of such Prison, and of the Officers and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123. 527

administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

[Penalties on aiding Escape or Attempt to escape of Prisoners, and on Breach of Prison Regulations.]

LXXI. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any such Naval Prison any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or other Disguise to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or by any Means whatever shall aid any Prisoner to escape or in an Attempt to escape from such Prison, whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and upon being convicted thereof shall be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years, or suffer Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the Rules, any spirituous or fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and not less than Ten Pounds; and if any Person shall bring into such Prison, or to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Officer having Charge or Command thereof, any Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the said Officer, shall carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; and if any Person shall interrupt any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person to assault, resist, or interrupt any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or if the Offender be a Prisoner, he shall, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, be liable to be sentenced for every such Offence to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to so much of the Time for which he was originally sentenced as may be then unexpired.

[Penalty as regards Gaolers, &c.]

LXXII. Every Governor, Gaoler, and Keeper of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, and every Officer having the Charge or Command of any Place, Ship, or Vessel for Imprisonment, who shall, without lawful Excuse, refuse or neglect to receive or confine, remove, discharge, or deliver up any Offender against the Provisions of this Act or any of them, shall incur for every such Refusal or Neglect a Penalty not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Manner.

[Pay of Offenders to be stopped during Imprisonment, &c.]

LXXIII. During the Imprisonment of any Person in pursuance of this Act all Pay and Wages of the Prisoner shall be suspended and stopped.

PART VI.

Supplemental Provisions.

[Short title of Act.]

LXXIV. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Naval Discipline Act, 1860."

[Commencement of Act.]

LXXV. This Act shall commence on the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

[Definition clause.]

LXXVI. In the Construction of this Act, unless there be something in the Context or Subject Matter repugnant to or inconsistent with such Construction-

["Admiralty:"]

"Admiralty," or "the Lords of the Admiralty," shall mean the Lord High Admiral for the Time being of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and when there shall be no such Lord High Admiral in Office, any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom:

["Officer:"]

"Officer" shall mean an Officer belonging to One of Her Majesty's Ships, and shall include a subordinate and a Warrant Officer, but shall not extend to Petty and Non-commissioned Officers:

["Superior Officer."]

When the Words "Superior Officer" are used in this Act they shall be held to include all Officers, including Petty and Non-commissioned Officers:

[Persons subject to this Act.]

LXXVII. Every Person in or belonging to Her Majesty's Navy, and borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be subject to this Act; and

528 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 123.

all other Persons hereby made liable thereto, and all Spies, shall be triable and punishable under the Provisions of this Act.

[Land Forces embarked as Passengers.]

LXXVIII. Her Majesty's Land Forces, when embarked on board any of Her Majesty's Ships, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act, to such Extent and under such Regulations as Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, by any Order or Orders in Council, shall at any Time or Times direct.

[Other Persons embarked as Passengers.]

LXXIX. All other Persons ordered to be received or being Passengers on board any of Her Majesty's Ships shall be deemed to be Persons subject to this Act, under such Regulations as the Admiralty may from Time to Time direct.

[Crews of Ships lost or destroyed.]

LXXX. When any One of Her Majesty's Ships shall be wrecked or lost or destroyed, or taken by the Enemy, such Ship shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to remain in Commission until her Crew shall be regularly removed into some other of Her Majesty's Ships of War, or until a Court-martial shall have been held, pursuant to the Custom of the Navy in such Cases, to inquire into the Cause of the Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture of the said Ship.

[All the Officers and Crew of lost Ship may be tried by One Court,]

LXXXI. When no specific Charge shall be made against any Officer or Seaman for or in respect or in consequence of such Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture, it shall be lawful to try all the Officers and Crew or all the surviving Officers and Crew of any such Ship, together, before One and the same Court, and to call upon all or any of them when upon their Trial to give Evidence on Oath or Affirmation before the Court touching all or any of the Matters then under Inquiry, but no Officer or Seaman shall be obliged to give any Evidence which may tend to criminate himself.

[or by separate Courts.]

LXXXII. When deemed necessary by the Admiralty, or any Officer authorized to order Courts-martial, separate Courts-martial shall be held for the Trial of some One or more of such Officers and Crew for or in respect or in consequence of the Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture of any such Ship.

[For subsequent Offence, separate Court.]

LXXXIII. For any Offence or Offences committed by any Officer or Seaman, or Officers and Seamen, after the Wreck, Loss, Destruction, or Capture of any such Ship, a separate Court-martial shall be held for the Trial of such Offender or Offenders.

[Pay of Crews of Ships lost or taken.]

LXXXIV. When any Ship of Her Majesty shall be wrecked, lost, or otherwise destroyed, or taken by the Enemy, if it shall appear by the Sentence of a Court-martial that the Crews of such Ship did, in the Case of a Ship wrecked or lost, do their utmost to save or get her off, and in the Case of a Ship taken by the Enemy do their utmost to defend themselves, and that they have, since the Wreck, Destruction, Loss, or Capture of such Ship, behaved themselves well, and been obedient to their Officers, then all the Pay of such Crews or of such Portions of such Crews as have behaved themselves well, and been obedient to their Officers, shall be continued until the Time of their being discharged or removed into other Ships of Her Majesty, or dying.

[When Ship of senior Officer is lost he may dispose of Officers and Crew of lost Ship.]

LXXXV. If the Ship of any Officer ordered to command any Two or more of Her Majesty's Ships shall be wrecked, lost, or otherwise destroyed, such Officer shall continue in the Command of any Ship or Ships which at the Time of his Ship being wrecked, lost, or destroyed was or were under his Command, and it shall be lawful for such Officer to order the surviving Officers and Crew of the wrecked, lost, or destroyed Ship to join any other Ship under his Command, or to distribute them among the other Ships under his Command, if more than One, and such Officer shall, until he meets with some other Officer senior to himself, have the same Power and Authority in all respects as if his Ship had not been wrecked, lost, or destroyed.

PART VII.

Repeal of Acts, and Saving Clause.

[Repeal of Acts and Parts of Acts.]

LXXXVI. On and after the Day of the Commencement of this Act there shall be repealed the several Acts and Parts of Acts set forth in the Schedule hereto, to the Extent to which such Acts or Parts of Acts are therein expressed to be repealed.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 123. 529

[Trial of Offences against repealed Acts.]

LXXXVII. Any Person who has committed or may commit, before the Commencement of this Act, any Offence against any of the Acts or Portions of Acts hereby repealed, for which such Person has not been tried before such Day, shall be tried and punished under this Act, as if such Crime or Offence had been committed against the same, but he shall not suffer any greater Punishment than he was liable to under any of the Acts or Portions of Acts hereby repealed; and any Proceedings of any Court-martial, or any other Proceedings under such Acts or Portions of Acts, which may be pending on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, shall be continued, and the Offender, if found guilty, shall be punished as if the Act against which he offended had not been repealed.

[Reservation of Power of Admiralty.]

LXXXVIII. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the Right of the Admiralty to discharge any Person subject to this Act from Her Majesty's Service.

[Act not to supersede Authority of ordinary Courts.]

LXXXIX. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or taken to supersede or affect the Authority or Power of any Court or Tribunal of ordinary Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction, or any Officer thereof, in Her Majesty's Dominions, in respect of any Offence mentioned in this Act which may be punishable or cognizable by the Common or Statute Law.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Reference to Act. - Title of Acts. - Extent of Repeal.

22 Geo. 2. C. 33. - An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea. - All such Parts of the Act as remain unrepealed at the Time of the passing of this Act.

29 Geo. 2. C. 27. - An Act for extending the Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty (for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea,) to such Officers, Seamen, and others as shall serve on board His Majesty's Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, Great Waters, or Rivers in North America. - The whole.

19 Geo. 3. C. 17. - An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea." - The whole.

56 Geo. 3. C. 5. - An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence of Naval Courts-martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentences. - The whole.

5 & 6 Vict. C. 98. - An Act to amend the Law concerning Prisons. - Sections 27, 28, 29.

10 & 11 Vict. C. 59. - An Act for amending an Act intituled "An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea." - The whole.

16 & 17 Vict. C. 62. - An Act for the Establishment of Naval Prisons, and for the Prevention of Desertion from Her Majesty's Navy. - Sections 1 to 8, both inclusive.

16 & 17 Vict. C. 69. - An Act to make better Provision concerning the Entry and Service of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the Laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy. - Sections, 13, 14, 15, 17.

530 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 124.

---

Sect. 17. of IS to 14 Vict. c. 94. repealed.

The Lands of tach Sec to > vest in the CommisbioneTS on the next Avoidance.

Lands sufficient to afford the statutory Income to be secured to each See.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act further to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners *, and the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal and Capitu^r Estates in England.

[28th August 1$60.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Acts relating to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England and the Act concerning the Management of Episcopal dwd

Capitular Estates in England: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majcysty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common ^, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same* as follows: (: t

I. Section Seventeen of the Act of the Session holden in the Thirteenth aijd Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-four, directing the Mode of securing th^/ Annual Income of Archbishops and Bishops, shall, as respects every Archbishop pud Bishop who shall succeed to a See after the passing of this Act, be repealed.

Like Arrangement may be made before next Avoidance, on Bequest of the Bishop.

Arrangements to be revised on Avoidance.

II. Upon the First Avoidance of the See of any Archbishop or Bishop in England, after the passing of this Act, all the Lands, Hereditaments, and Emoluments of or belonging to such See (except all Eights of Patronage or Presentation and the Residences of the Archbisbopi or Bishop, and such Lands necessary for the Enjoyment of such Residences as shall be attached thereto by any Scheme sanctioned by Order in Council) shall become vefeteti absolutely in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions applicable to other Hereditaments vested in the said Commissioners. '

III. After the Lauds of a See have become vested in the Commissionera as aforesaidj

an Arrangement shall be made as soon as conveniently may be, and with all reasonably Despatch, for assigning to the Archbishop Or Bishop of such See and his Successors, asu ad Endowment for the See, such of the Lands and Hereditaments then yested in the EtioksL a&iical Commissioners for England as in the Judgment of the Estates Committee of fcbn said Ecclesiastical Commission ore, and subject to the Approbation of such ArehWehop* tw Bishop, may be deemed convenient to be held as such Endowment, and will secure nearly as may be, after deducting Costs of Management, a net annual Income equal to that muned for the Archbishop or Bishop of the See by any Act of Parliament or Order i in (Couincil then in force, and no more; and in the meantime, until such Endowment ia so1 asBighedi the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall pay to the Archbishop or Bishop of the See the animal Income named for him as aforesaid, at the Times at which the same would have been payable if this Act had not been passed. \f; ni

I Vi In case any Archbishop or Bishop who may have succeeded on an ^Avoidance happening before the passing of this Act, and having an Income named as aforesaid, signify his Willingness to accept an Endowment for his See in Lands and Hereditaments, in li&i of his Income, it shall be lawful to make the like Arrangement for that Purpose as might hayO been made if the Lands of the See had become vested in the Commissioners as afdreaaidy and upon, such Arrangement being made all the Lands, Hereditaments, and Emoluments of or belonging to the See, except such as may be assigned under such Arrangement, a»d such Rights of Patronage or Presentation, and Residences as aforesaid, shall become vested absolutely in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners. i)

V. On the Avoidance from Time to Time of any See, after the Assignment of an Endowment for the same, the Estates Committee of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may^ if they shall think fit, revise the Arrangement in force in relation to such Endowment, and for that Purpose inquire into the State and Productiveness of such Endowment, and if such Endowment, in the Judgment of the Committee, will secure a net annual Inc&ne exceeding that named for the Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid, or will not seed*e the full Amount of such Annual Income, such Committee may report thereon to the BaidrEcXdba^ astical Commissioners, and the said Commissioners shall, if they think fit, make* an Arrh&ge^ ment by vesting Part of the Lands and Hereditaments constituting such Endowtahent'iinthd Ecclesiastical Commissioners, or by assigning Lands and Hereditaments by way of Audditian

to

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 124.

to such Endowment* or by means of annual or other Payments to or by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, as the Case may require, which may secure in the Judgment of the said (^ipmittee to the Archbishop or Bishop who may succeed upon that Avoidance the net annual Income so named, or as near thereto as Circumstances will allow: Provided always, that if a Difference of Opinion as to the Value or Sufficiency of the Estates which such Committee may propose to leave or to assign to any See shall arise between the Archbishop or Bishop thereof and the said Committee, such Difference shall be settled by Arbitration before such Arrangement as is last mentioned shall be made.

VI. \yhen the Arrangement is completed under this Act for the Endowment of a See the Lands and Hereditaments thereby assigned shall be the Endowment of the See, and shall be taken in lieu of the Income intended to be secured thereby.

VjJI. A^l Arrangements for the Purposes of this Act shall be made by the Authority and in, the A^anper by and in which Arrangements for carrying into effect the Become*endationp recited in the Act of the Session holaen in the Sixth and Seventh Years of King WilMam the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-seven, may now be made.

, VI1X No Lands assigned or secured as the Endowment of any See under this Act shall he jgrantedby the Archbishop or Bishop otherwise than from Year to Year, or for a 'ferm of Years in possession not exceeding Twenty-one Years, at the best annual Kent tbpi cap pe t reasonably gotten withoujt Fine, the Lessee not to be made dispunishable for Waste or exempted from Liability in respect of Waste; and so that in every such Lease such or the like Covenants, Conations, and Reservations be entered into, reserved, or contained with or for the Benefit of the Archbishop or Bishop and his Successors, as under Section One of fhb Act passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ttironty-seVen, (for better enabling the Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Benefices to demist the Lands belonging^to their Benefices on Farming Leases,) are to be entered into, reserved, cotdainfed ih a Lease granted under that Enactment to or for the Benefit of the Incumbent add His Successors; or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will permit; but where^ under the said Section of the last-mentioned Act, any Consents are provided for or rciquired* the Consent only of the Archbishop or Bishop for the Time being shall be requisite: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop, with the Approval &fthe Estates Ootnmittee of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, testified under the Common Seal, of the said Commissioners, which the said Committee are hereby empowered to affik tof any Lease for thiaPiirnose, from Tiihe to Time to grant Mining or Building or other Leased of artysuefh Lands, for such Periods, for such Considerations, upon such Terms, and generally in such Manner as such Committee under the Circumstances of each Case may think fit, and it shall bp lawful for such Committee to require that any Portion of the Rent reserved on anjr such Lease shall be payable to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

'<* IX. The Efltates Cotrimititee shall oause the Property assigned as an Endowment for any* See tas aforesaid tq .be inspected bo often as they think fit, and shall cause Notice in Writing of all Dilapidations er Want of Repair found on such Inspection, and of the Repairs or1 Wonka i nectsfeory for remedying the same, to be given to the Archbishop or Bishop of dwh See* and such Archbishop or Bishop shall forthwith do or cause to be done, at his or their /ova Expense, or at the Expense of his or their Lessees or Tenants, (as the Case may require,) the Repairs or Works mentioned in such Notice; and if any Difference arise between such Archbishop or Bishop and the Estates Committee with regard to the Condition of such Property, or the Repairs or Works required by thq Estates Committee, the Matter in difference shall be referred to Arbitration as horein-after; provided.

X. Jt Bhflll be lawful for the Estates Committee, upon the Application of any Arch-1 Msbopf or Bishop, to undertake or authorize any Works of permanent Improvement which1 such Committee may think advisable, on any Lands assigned by way of Endowment to such Archbishop or Bishop, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners may advance out of the Common Filmd the Money ivhioh may be required for the Purpose of such Works, and the Money so fadtatooed shall be repaid* with such Interest, and at such Times, and until repaid

shall

m

Endowments to be in lieu of the fixed Income.

* , !*.

Arrangements, ! how to be -

made.

Lands assigned as Endow-meats, how to he leased.

Estates Committee to see that Property assigned as Endowment is kept in proper Condition.

Provision for the Improvement of Lands.

582

Estates Committee, where required, to manage the Lands assigned.

Sect 67. of 8 & 4 Vict c. 118. extended to all Lands.

Provisions concerning local Claims to apply to Tithes and Lands of an Ecclesiastical Corporation having a Revenue exceeding its statutory Income.

Preference may be given to Places where Contribution is made in aid of Grant.

In Mining Districts Commissioners may

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 124.

shall be charged on such of the said Lands, as may be agreed upon by the said Corti-mittee and the said Archbishop or Bishop and his or their Tenants interested in such Improvements.

XI. The Estates Committee shall, when required by any Archbishop or Bishop to whom Lands may have been assigned as an Endowment under this Act, undertake the Management of such Lands, and receive the Rents and Profits thereof during the Incumbency of the Archbishop or Bishop; and in every such Case as aforesaid the Estates Committee, during their Management, may grant all such Leases as might have been granted by such Archbishop or Bishop if the Lands had continued under his or their Management, and may, with the Approval of such Archbishop or Bishop, grant such other Leases as knight have beefi granted by him or them, with the Approval of the Estates Committee; and the Uommissionei* shall, during the Time such Lands are under the Management of the said Estates Committee,

Cy to such Archbishop or Bishop the annual Income to secure which the Lands may have en assigned.

XII. 'And whereas by the Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Yearn of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirteen, Section Sixty-seven, it is provided, that, ' by Payments or Investments made out of the Common Fund of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, or by means of an actual Conveyance and Assignment of Lands, Tithes, or other c Hereditaments, vested or to be vested in them as therein mentioned, or of a Portion ' thereof, additional Provision shall be made by the Authority therein provided for the Cure of Souls in Parishes where such Assistance is most required; provided always, that in ' making any such additional Provision out of any Tithes, or any Lands or other Heredi-< taments allotted or assigned in lieu of Tithes so vested or to be vested in the said Commissioners, or out of the Rents and Profits thereof, due Consideration shall be had of the Wants and Circumstances of the Places in which such Tithes arise or have heretofore ' arisen In making additional Provision for the Cure of Souls under the recited Enactment out of any Lands or Hereditaments whatsoever now vested or hereafter to be vested in the said Commissioners (except Lands or Hereditaments which may have been or may hereafter be bought or taken in exchange by the Commissioners, or any Estate or Interest in Lands or Hereditaments so bought or taken in exchange during the Continuance of such Estate or Interest,) or out of the Rent and Profits thereof (except as aforesaid), due Consideration shall be had of the Wants and Circumstances of the Places in which such Lands or Hereditaments may be situate or arise; and the same Rule shall also be applicable, in case the Commissioners shall see fit, in favour of Places in which Lands or Hereditaments now vested or heretofore vested in the Commissioners are situated, from which the Commissioners have heretofore derived any Income.

XIII. Where any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole is in the Receipt of an Income fixed by Act of Parliament, and the Estates of such Corporation yield an annual Income greater than the Income so fixed, it shall be incumbent on the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to make, out of any Tithes, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever from which such annual Income arises, or out of the Rents and Profits thereof, such Provision as may seem to them needful for the Cure of Souls in the Parish or Place in which such Tithes, Lands, or Hereditaments are situate or arise, in the same Manner and to the same Extent in and to which such Provision might be made if the said Tithes, Lands, or Hereditaments were actually vested in the Commissioners.

XIV. In making additional Provision for the Cure of Souls under Section Sixty-seven of the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her Majesty, Preference may be given, if the said Commissioners see fit, to those Places in respect of which Contributions from other Sources are made in aid of Grants out of the Common Fund, but this Enactment shall not prejudice the Proviso at the End of the said Section, or the last Two preceding Sections of this Act.

XV. In Districts in which large Masses of Population are collected for the Purpose of working Mines, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by Resolution of a General

Meeting,

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 124.

Meeting, from Time to Time to make Grants to meet Benefactions for the Purpose of making temporary Provision for the Cure of Souls.

XVI. Where it appears to the Church Estates Commissioners that Inconvenience is /occasioned in the Negotiations between any Ecclesiastical Corporation, sole or aggregate, and its Lessees, (in relation to Property which it is now authorized to dispose of,) by reason of its Disability to sell or exchange intermixed or other Lands held by such Corporation in ppgse&eion, or for some other Estate which it is not now authorized to dispose of, it shall be lawful for such Ecclesiastical Corporation, with the Approval in Writing of the said Church Estates Commissioners, to sell any such Lands (whether of Freehold or Copyhold or Customary Tenure), or to exchange any such Lands for other Lands or any Estate or Interest therein; and all the Provisions of the Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and four, as amended by the Act of the Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, and this Act, authorizing the receiving or paying of Money by way of Eauality of Exchange, and concerning the Payment, Application, and Investment of any Money payable to or for the Benefit of any such Corporation on any a«ch Sale, Exchange, or Enfranchisement as is mentioned in' the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, and all other the Provisions of the aid Acts in anywise applicable for effectuating any such Sale, Exchange, or Enfranchisement, or in consequence thereof, shall, so far as the Nature of the Case may require, extend and be applicable to and in consequence of any Sale or Exchange authorized by this Act

XVII. Where it appears to the Church Estates Commissioners that any such Ecclesiastical Corporation has been accustomed to renew without Payment of any Fine, or for a nominal Fine, the Lease of any Lands used for the Purposes of a School, or the Support or Maintenance thereof, it shall be lawful for such Conporation, with the Approval in Writing of the Church Estates Commissioners, or where the Lands have become vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, for such Commissioners, to convey to the Trustees or other Persons to whom a Renewal of such Lease might have been granted in trust for the Purposes of such School all or any Part of such Lands, for the whole Estate of such Corporation therein, without requiring the Payment of any Consideration for the same; and every Conveyance in pursuance of this Provision shall be made and confirmed as provided by Section Five of the said Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty with reference to such Conveyances as therein mentioned.

XVIII. When any Ecclesiastical Corporation, previous to the passing of this Act, has been accustomed to grant or renew, without Payment of any Fine, or for a nominal Fine, the Lease of any Lands, Tenements, Tithe Rentcharges, or other Hereditaments, for the Endowment, either in whole or part, of the Incumbent of any Parish or Chapelry, the whole Estate of such Ecclesiastical Corporation in such Lands, Tenements, Tithe Rent-charges, or other Hereditaments, heretofore held by such Lease, may, with the Consent of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, under their Common Seal, be lawfully conveyed by such Corporation to the Incumbent to whom a Renewal of such Lease might have been gr^qted, without such Corporation requiring the Payment of any valuable Consideration for such Conveyance.

XIX. When any Ecclesiastical Corporation, previous to the passing of this Act, has been accustomed to reserve any annual Rent or other Payments in any Lease granted or renewed by them for the Endowment, either in whole or part, of the Incumbent of any Parish or Chapelry, the whole Estate of such Ecclesiastical Corporation, in such annual Rents or other Payments heretofore granted and reserved as aforesaid, may, with the Consent of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, under their Common Seal, be lawfully conveyed to the Incumbent for whom they are at present reserved, without such Corporation requiring any valuable Consideration for the Conveyance of such Estate.

XX. In any Case in which any Estate or Interest under any Lease or Grant made by any such Ecclesiastical Corporation may be vested in any Person or Persons as a Trustee or

538

make Grants ' for Cure of Souls.

Power to Corporations, with Approval of the Church E6tate9 Commissioners, to sell Lands in possession, for facilitating Negotiations with Lessees.

Small Portions of Land under Leases usually renewed for the Purposes of Schools may he conveyed absolutely without Payment.

When Ecclesiastical Corporations have been accustomed to renew Leases Lands may be conveyed by such Corporations without Consideration.

When Ecclesiastical Corporation has been accustomed to reserve Rent the whole Estates may be conveyed without Consideration.

Trustees and others having Power to raise

18 *

«r Trustees, wJiether cxpressl)\cr by Implication of Law, with Power to raise Money for (lie Purpose of profuriti "* ' -

itt \tffnon o K/iwor m voci

Money for

l1l(' 1>ulTose $f procuring a Renewal of such Lease or Grant, and in every other Case Enfranchise-°r ijE which a Power m voted in any Person or Persons for that Purpose, it shall be lawful mi nts. for such Person or Persons to raise Money for the Purpose of purchasing the Reversion of

or otherwise enfranchising the Property comprised in such Lease or Grant, and to apply the same accordingly, in the same Manner, and subject to the same Conditions, mutatis mutandis, so far as the same may he applicable to the Case, as such Person or Persons might' by

an Extension to 11th October 1884 to be allowed.

tif Majesty, apd this Act, or any qi them, toe Yaiue of the instate or interest pit any i, < c of.; my Land? holden of any Archbishop or Bishop, or of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, under any Lease granted for a Term of Twenty-one Years, an Extension of the m^xj.ircd Term to the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight, hundred and eighty, -fmjr, ai the accustomed Bate of Fine, shall, as a Rule, be allowed, and a like Extension, ac the accustomed Rate of Fine, shall, for the Purposes of Sale, Purchase, ! jor Exchange, he allowed in the Case of any Lease for Lives, the Extent and Value of which shall be computed by Arbitrators in default of an Agreement between the Parties to be less than the

the VaWfcW" Mining Leases an Extension to 1884 to be allowed.

<>r sole, in carrying out the Powers of leasing Mines and Minerals vested m tliern, snaUm tlib gnth^rig' t6; the Lessees of Mines and Mineral? holden of the Ecclesiastical Comi^ns-sWrtpiyr ftny Ettffb^stical Corporation, aggre^Atb or sbl^'^er for I ears an extended Term or Estate therein, and fixing the Terms of such Grant, have regard to: the, :ytil, ue of the Estate, nhd Interest of the Lessees of all such Mines and Minerals untJeD any Lbase br Leasc§ h^rkfcbfoi'e brdinarily renewable pn the Payment of a Pine, and shal| as a Rule, in computing such Value, estimate and include an Extension. of the existing imekpiml Terffi or Estate of the Lessees to the Eleventh Day of October One j^o^s^a eight hundred and eighty-four, at the accustomed Rate of Pine; and in the Case of such of the said Leases for Lives as, according to the Expectancy of Human Life, according to, the Life Tables which are appended to the Twelfth Annual Report(jjf ru General of Births, Deaths, and Marinades in England, would not determine until after tha. said Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and eighty-four, shall have

%tatc and Interest of tjk Leaserody/ bnA .II7XX

Diff^Trf(!of; 1 XXIII. Li cake any such Leasees shall require any extended* Term m Surfh Mines arid

be granted to them, and any Difference shall said E&ch^stlM i

dihtff Eic&Sikftikal1 Corporation and suih'Lb^&s thereupon, or' as to the, bo rkoiT.d to Valn^rk^Ibe^fet?FwA(ied, ' &w#Pf$tfl8 Rents to be reseiVfefl, 'dr'^he Term of Years to be Arbitration. granted, or other the Terms and Conditions on which such Lease for any extended Term

or Estate shall be granted, it shall be lawful for either Party tP* require the other Party To join in referring to Arbitration the Matter or Matters s6 itt difference, and tliC same thrill

civ*"' .aft ni i mhuu' . a-Ev T I bar *(.c*, 1! uni 111 /XX jJXX&Y. Jfa ^{Ttetufey sMl ihavelb6en>©r shaft be. oniertedciiitouairderYhol

1Agfa^< PobfitOOftthl laatd PiftpeiUhi Years. and SeYtent^teto bf >

ay orranjyioftheito, Scar anyaSilei Exchange mi Ftarcbase/i it t

fon?eirfwwii^ <rtJ^; P*rty0 joinliflur^miri^ to Arbitration, 'tije'd

Arbitl^y, ,; ^i»dingl ofljthftnannusA Vriktt f of< th^ Pf operiy eoraprierid ini .the-Lease ror'Grant., '(arid i[of!^ joiv m a; ithe> Y^Ane/ofiibhd ^eh Sipft ^, and fwhen .such .Values hftvriibeen fouad it shaR bo ^hiJ[iiigi> -iu>. no .mi ^og^hr Partie^tifleithe^P^ Exchange, or Fnrcbasc^ttttf

.^tarns^iitefbcvOfrtap^dqaC^ swfoFiadmgi: Provided, always, that ^enevot11 them

u ^oEbotesiaatkid^ni^ -aball! deolinel todebter^ intd a Tkeaty<?\vithlw Lesaoe fbri ^her1

* »am:rioxH to na'f

mo-> ^>"B-tthai^aJeJiofttbi0/B)6tfeifcloe yuto the tPurcfawler.ofitfife [FeirarinossOrl initfae LaiMs iieM tty wQdili: Mbaii w^bbtaee, ^tjohfcU<Ji8W«&el9«jbt feffM I for jftuith. -heps&}, ^KmawhhinT^a Ye«ttn»fcet«i

!jrl)

/ C

.tmi Y f £ & K?the

3$>l«p 2# VICTORIAE,; V'l^:

thfe L^Jd^C^nliriiisdioti^rs shall have iso ddcKned to treat, to require that his Estate and tot^OSt\:thwcihi slmll be purchased bvth^ Eccleslt^ticar tlommissiohers so declining to Wei^ ksAfotesaidj aftd that the Value of sucih Estate And Interest shall be ascertained by klch' Methods and with iiidh Extension of the unexpired *Ierrn on hi^ said Lease as are frf* thh Aef Provided ftjl respect 6f other Leaseholds ' .

Ya Provided .alwayay ITbtttmnder^any Arbitration Hinder the ^said Act of! the Seten-

t^th ^d.E^ Her oar this. AM, (where . any Leate shall relate to

Lanas (except Building Ground or Houses), the beneficial.Internet of the Lessee shall be valued at the same Rate of Interest at which the Value, of the Fee Sjmple hfL&rhpen d^lerttnfted^ -andtyneris such Lease shall relate to Houses or to Building Ground^ it ^h&ll^bid1 *fLr* the lA^Bxt^ator" qr Arbitrators qr Umpire, as, the Case may bn, simply

the* grosfe Sutii to oe paid for suqh Rale or Erifr^cnitement, in such Manner as he or flefetn just; pi^aedalsO, that regard, shall be had to any Consideration given telthe*Lb^ee'by^this 'Act' on Account of the lon^-continuedBractipe or Renewal; provided ftMlkir; ^Wat' ih thd Case Of; Hbnsqs the, Umpire shall, notwithstanding anything in the) IbsWinentibned Act or this -jlct contained, be appointed by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary §f for the Home Department. j V i \ j ' ,

L Whirc Petfwmfe hblding Und^4ease^ hnder the Lessee of ^ny Ecclesiastical tomfday, eithfcr'befofci passing of this Act, be under Obligation to pay1

Bales to be observed in Valuation as to Bate of Interest, &c.

t f I 1 S' Ml

" ' 7

. .1 ... (

.1. f> .1 Si

t I

it; uJ >- '

-.i ' :..l i J

9.IES.V1

Gknrporation ___

or contribute to the Fines and Expenses of Renewal, and such Lesshe is Unable to obtain a Renewal of his Leas ^, but thp Hn^r-lesse*^. jreoton., of the JPurp^psei jof; the

Rererijioh or' other .Arrahgei^pt| made in such J^assee, wjt^ .tbp Epplesiasti^l jpommurr. tSineire, ' poured in' the Enjoymept^ of the fp^' Tei^s' which/n^ght have been secured to them ^ans of" such _|Rehew#l7jOf shall, b?; , ptherjy.ise^p^cipptl, ' indemnified: froip , a, ll Loss.

Provision as to Under-lessees bound to contribute to Expenses of Renewals

whifch1 ihight' ^e pccasjopea1 Ipy ^yanf> pfrpucja Rental, the persons; holding puph TJndprr, lStee^ll^a^ tp such Lpsspe'such gross Sums pfj Money qp jsuch additional yearly Renta.

the unexpireA Residues^ {Qf such Terms as may hp A jU6t Lfluivalent for thejExr, ^htiraTfr6^! Ape Expense^ of such |jRpuewal; , and; wtierq aqy U^der lesseq has .under- lSfedy and his Under-Jessep^ are undqr like Obligatiop to cpntribnte, to the Expenses of s^h Redewal, ^hey spall pay .jto, their jUncIpr-Jessor such gross Suqas of Money or such ad^iHonal''pearly ^ents (|i|ir^ng/ thp upexpired Rp^ Terms as may be a Jjust

Em^AiPnjt fqr such Exeujp^ion (w aforesaid; ^pd tnq l?nypients to be made in pach Case, aia1 Nat ure and Su^imency^ of the Indemnity (if any)i /tb; bo give^, ! shall, In; c»so the

XXVII. 'And whereas1' <ityisid^rii:hlfe 'PoH^otts of' thr^ Lands and houses Holden T>y j^gssc, j^f, ^(^l^ia^tic^orpprMio^a wlwuh toajr. be -dsaR with undar the, Rrov»#ipxs>'of

itSW-«Pi^S bj sipfi ^esig^qd to Undcrdasp^ *, yvlth the Right of Rei^wal ia wa/ ' , of, ^eRewabof (th(e, oit^to?l Iyeasp,; and again sabrdamiped by sucU Underrlessees to ' ^{e^onf boldfng.un^ei: toato pith »., aimilaxtEighti of Renewal i.VXbatiAU »uoh Under-Ic^d, F, ers()iw, bavtog aiicb Right of Renewal shall bwe and eqjoya (according, to their re8pe, qti(ye Epta, tes(and Interest to «|uch, X/anda and Hooeee, the Benefit of' the Provisions, W* Afit fwi^the; Brotootioniof the Lessee,

Under-lefsee *

W«ht,

of toMwal to enjoy Benefits of this Act foir Protection of . Lessees.

XXVIII. The Powers and Provisions contained in the Section1Two of the said Act of Extending theiF«dr*eeuth: and iMeehtilk Vearsrof Her Majesty, and the Section Tvto of thle said Act ofi<th*i 'Bfevitote«nth, dnd'Eighteenth Yetms of Her Majestyl, shall extend to authorise''the ^ntnader Ag^irtionmeUt af Fines eertaln and Horiotsj and also* to auntorize the^ Substitution of1 M6ney Sect. a. of Paym«flla ia lien of Heriots; and the Apportionment of' satto'Money Pajtoiente, and shall be applitaWenawSll- to'Gash sunder these Acts as to Ctoeri'underihw Act; and the Powers sect 2*of ai^nProlvisionh So 'eiteiKfed' shall anply to all Gases of the Surreiideri Conveyance/ or1 17 & is Vict. AorignsMbtitd or injnrustfot the said' 'Ecclesiastical CommissioUerB of tfttj Estate orluterest 'sale'^ '

inetoParhjonly>/ofi; tihe Lands dotoprisCfl ia aby Lehse} Grant, or Oopy, the Revetoiotlary or or Exchan^' FndkeldiiEstaSe ki whialvas or dnll ho vested in the suid Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and of Part of aldftito all Ghahs ofithfe Sulo; i Exchange, dr Eafranobitoment bjy the said Ecclesiastical Com* i.co^... miarilMieoKjof aPirt obily/of tile Itands comprised m any such Lease, Gtouh oh Copy and Cid under the . csa; 23 & 24 Vict. 3 Y the

Ecclesiastical

Commissioners.

J *. i > *V t .!

Sums of Hmy agreed to be paid by Ecclesiastical Commissioners may, on Failure of Lessee or Grantee to make marketable Title to or Assurance of Land, be paid into Bank of England.

Provision for Release of Rentcharge granted to Commissioners by way of Endowment of Church or Chapel.

Rightfs an4.

Obligation*, under special Acts preserved.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 124.

the Enfranchisement or Surrender under the said Acts or either of them, or this Act, of a Part only of any Copyhold or Customary Lends held under a Grant or Copy, shall cot affect, in other respects than the Apportionment of the Rents, Fines, and Heriota, any Custom by or under which the Remainder of the Land comprised in such Grant or Copy is bteld, or the demiseable Quality of the Remainder of such Land.

XXIX. In every Case in which under any Contract by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or tonyauch Corporation with any Lessee or Grantee holding Land under the Ecclesiastical Com-dumoners or such Corporation by any Lease for Lives or Years, or Copyhold or Customar^ Grant* for the Purchase or receiving in Exchange or Partition by the Ecclesiastical Comr thiasieners or swch Corporation of any Land comprised in such Lease or Grant, any Sum of Money is agreed to be paid by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners or such Corporation, kmi in which the Lessee or Grantee shall fail or declare himself unable to make a marketable Title to or an effectual Assurance of such Land to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners or &mh Corporation, touch Sum of Money may, With the Consent of such Lessee or Grantee, be paid 'into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to an Account in the Matter of99 An Act" [Title of this Ad], to the Credit of the Parties interested in such Land, and be disposed of in like Manner as 1$ direetdd by "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," with respect to Purchase Monies in the Case of Parties neglecting or failing to make out satisfactory Titles; and upon the Execution of an Assignment, Surrender, or other Assurance by the Person for the Time being the Party in possession or receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Land s6 agreed to be sold or conveyed in Exchange unto or in trust for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners or such Corporation, all the Estate and Interest in such Land in respect whereof such Money shall have been paid shall vest absolutely in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners or Corporation, or other Person to whom the same shall be expressed to be assured.

XXX. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to release any Rentcharge granted or transferred to them by w ay of Endowment of any Church or Chape^ in Consideration of the Transfer into their Names of a Sum in the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, producing Dividends equal in Amount to such Rentcharge; and also, if they shall think fit, to release any Part or Parts of the Lands out of which any such Rent-ehaige is issuing from the Payment thereof without any Consideration, provided the Residue of such Lands shall in their Judgment be sufficient Security for such Rentcharge, and in such Case the Rentcharge shall be wholly chargeable on and issuing out of such Residue of the Lauda.

XXXI. Where any Estate now or heretofore of any Ecclesiastical Corporation is subject to any Special Act of Parliament providing for the perpetual Renewal of the Leaso or Lpasep thereof, or for the Leasing or the Management of such Estate, or creating or imposing any flights, Remedies, or Obligations with reference to such Estate, the Rights of Renewal, and other the Rights and Obligations under such Special Act, shall not be affected by this Act or by the Transfer of such Estate to the Commissioners, but such Special Act, and any Leases, Contract, Under-leases, Enfranchisements, and Instruments already or hereafter to be made, entered' into, or executed thereunder, shall be construed so that by virtue of the Act of Parliament or other Authority under which the Estate shall have been transferred to dr vested in the Commissioners, the same Leases, Contracts, Under-leases, Enfranchisements, and Instruments may operate and have Effect as if the Commissioners, as to such Paxt of the Estate as for the Time being shall be vested in them, and their respective Assigns as to each such several Part thereof as shall be vested in them respectively, were therein substituted for the Ecclesiastical Corporation whose Estate has been or shall be so transferred or have become so vested; and such Special Act, Leases, Contracts, Under-leases, Enfranchisements, and Instruments shall be construed as if such Commissioners or their respective Assigns, ap regards the Portion of the Estate vested in them respectively, were named or referred tp therein instead of the Corporation named or referred to therein; and the Seal of such Commissioners shall be*in every Case as regards the Estate or Part of an Estate for the Tirap being vested in them, and the Sealing and Delivery by any Assignee shall be in every Case, as regards the Estate or Part of an Estate for the Time being vested in him, as effectual as

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 124. 8&t

the Signature or Seal, or Signature and Seal, as the Case may be* of the Corporation whose Estate has been or shall be so transferred or become so vested.

XXXII. Whenever any Property shall be vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Power of Par-jointly or in common with any other Person, or subject to any Estate or Interest vested in

any other Person, either under any Special Act of Parliament or any Lease or Crant, and lindeP special such Person shall be a Trustee of the Estate or Interest vested in him or them, it shrill' be lawful for such Trustee, in every Case in which he shall expressly or by Implication of, li

Law have a Power of Sale, with such Consents only (if any) as may be requisite to auoh

Sale, to concur with the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and also to atod for the said t

Ecclesiastical Commissioners, under an Arrangement to be made in manner herein provided* ' 1 ' ,

to concur with such Trustee as aforesaid in making Partition of such Property so as to vebt; ,

in the said Commissioners in Severalty in Fee, discharged from all Rights, Titles, ! and j n

trusts affecting the Estate or Interest of such Trustee, such Portion of the said Property ", ' > (/

as shall, under all the Circumstances of the Case, be a just and fair Equivalent for the ' !,:

Interest of the said Commissioners in the whole of such Estate, and in auy Payments oe

Reservations payable to them thereout, and so as to vest in such Trustee iu Severalty in 1 1

Pee such remaining Portion of such Estate as shall in like Mauuer be a just and fair Equivalent for the Interest in the whole Estate of all other Parties besides the said Commissioners; and the Portions of such Estate to be vested in the said Commissioners and Trustee respectively in Severalty as aforesaid shall be ascertained by Arbitration as herein provided.

XXXIII. Every Exchange or Partition which shall be made under the Provisions of Substitution of the said Acts of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth and of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth °"rEx" Years of Her Majesty, of this Act, or any of them, shall be valid and effectual in the Latv partition *

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be in nowise liable to be impeached by reason of any Infirmity of Estate or Defect of Title of any of the Parties to such Exqhfmge ? r , «

Or Partition; and the Land expressed to be conveyed to or vested in any Corporation qr Person under such Exchange or Partition shnll henceforth be subject only to the same Uses, Limitations, Charges, and Equities as previously affected the Land in lieu or fo tcspect of which the same was conveyed or vested by way of Substitution, or as near thereto 1 os, regard being had to the different Natures or Tenures of the Interests acquired under inch Exchange or Partition, and the relative Rights and Equities of Parties, and the Circumstances of the Case, will admit or may require.

XXXIV. When the Reversion in Fee in the Lands and Hereditaments at Paddington Providing for in the County of Middlesex, Part of the Possessions of the See of London (commonly addled

the Paddington Estate) now vested in the Bishop of London, subject to the Provisions of a ton Estate. Private Act of Parliament passed in the Sixth Year of His Majesty King George the "

Fourth, Chapter Forty-five, and the several Acts therein recited, shall be vested in the \said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, either under the Provisions of this Act or of any of the Acts relating to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, the same shall become vested in them subject to the several Powers and Obligations created by the said Private Act and the Actp therein recited, which Powers and Obligations shall be exerciseable by and binding upon the said Commissioners while the said Reversion shall remain vested in them, in the same Manner as if the said Commissioners were named in the said Acts instead of the said Bishop, and as if the Common Seal of the said Commissioners had been thereby required or referred to instead of the Hand or Signature of the said Bishop; and the said Reversion shall continue to be so vested in the said Commissioners until a special Scheme, to be prepared *by the said Commissioners, for the Purpose of transferring, disposing of or managing the fame, shall be approved of by Her Majesty in Council, Notice of which Scheme shall be inserted and published in the London Gazette One Calendar Month at least previously to the same being so approved; and in such Scheme there shall be inserted such Provisions as shall be deemed proper for the Preservation and future Exercise and Fulfilment of, the said Powers and Obligations, with such Alterations or Modifications (if any) as, having regard to the Change of Circumstances, may be deemed necessary; and such Scheme, whan so approved, shall have the Force of an Act of Parliament

m.' >

u i j

3 Y 2

2t1 & 2« KIOTOM^ ai 124.

YV- f(Aftd>wUereffl 'fc same Cues.Leases or/Grants made by Eccliskrtical Orii'pril

franchieement Monies on the Lands enfranchised, &c.

in9 aaaizmT

Use of h^iowoq

AJqtyBJf r^qmred Enfranchisement:' it shall be lawful fbmny

Pprppiflf bfapgia 3hru${$ei0r fTjrusteeflj eapreedy or by Implication of Law, of any euih Lead# or Grant, or PffrgcuL beitog *md«? any jWiilior dtlwr-SettlediGiit in the' actual Poteeariori tii Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Lands comprised in such Lease or Grwt, upon pnBchhsiagj=theI Swersfolt of procuring1 the Enfrabchise/meWt suthTia^d^ to

°5 chnrgfc such Lands forwhcrt the whole thereof ie Settled to the same Use^, 1 Truitt, tj Purposes any Part thereof, exclusively of the Residue !there6f,) With the Pjtyifient Person advancing any Money paid for such Purchase'or Erifrrtfcchifeeniientj tfijid f6F41e Expenses inoident to such Purchasi or Enfranchiseinetit, or for either bf: of the Money so advanced, with Interest theredn at a'Rdte not exceeding Five Pofihfl pot Centum per Annum, and to convey Mortgage, for securing such Payment? as well on the subsisting Term or Estate

b Interest acquired by such Purchase or Enfranchisement, and not only against thoJ per making the same, and all Persons claiming through -Mm br for whom hfb may bb a

to such ChaTgc and Mortgage so made as aforesaid, the7Interest acquired by fetich Puraiai or Enfranchisement shall be subject in Equity as is^ovidfed by Sectidh Thrive df* ythfe lt^iii Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majefety, Cohcferiiilig tie Tnfefefet i

Z1Z7Z

Land acquired by any Lessee under that Act.

TJ<[lOLVgnoM Viij: I TO Jd. lillJ

mb fill b*K\ic

-ms ?no«nij I T'U *> ' 1 .....

Wfaeqftt XXXVI. Wherever the Estate. and Imtereut ubdarj any eoob Leiaae or Giroa^ tnay M

(Hu'h"i "alt or vc', c'* *n a»y Trustee or Trustees, either expressly! oei bylmpKeition of-likw, Awtf'tutfl Jw.'!ni Monies, Stocks, Funds, or Securitka for Money me vested id the, same Trustees or Trtrtte#?

ir i a-i., .., i, .i u|, on tin: same or like Trusts, it shall be lawful, foe: anoh-Trusteed or Trustee; with 'ith&

steJjSnbiL SHSiffit 1, 1 l*ie JPcrsou or Persons entitled for the Xibuj being to the beneficial Reiseipt'dfl rusiees, they die Dividends or annual Proceeds of such Monies, Strict, Funds, or Securities, if eiiCh'Pteriob1 or Persons shall he capable of giving- Consent, or ifithfatoitbatt bt mo Peradn1 capable of^v' Consent, or if such Consent, shall be withheld, and the Trustee or Trustees shaHleonei such a Course essential to the Interest of the Parties entitled under the Settlement, .t]

wiHv^h^fUnotiod bird Approtrttion bf'tWOoUrll bf' 6hancfefy, [tb' he' orbt&iried (6n Petit

pay and a|tply:the same accordingly, and till PaytnetitB attd Applications of Monies, or 6f thSP Proceeds of> the Sale of such Stocks, Fmitte, W SieissltieS sd hiade afbfesdd; shill'Be valid and binding on all Persons interested under the Trust, Will, br Settlement under or1 by which such Monies, Stocks, Funds, or Securities for Money ipay be held in, treat, or Uu^geltlod as aforesaid. ui :<u suit -:_-r *.., -

noitniidiA ol iienolesiinflio 3 >'»r > rii: i" > u r" tunA

Lands in the XXXVII. Where any -uch Lease or Granitaay hd vested in any Peraaw^pPemoHB^ IP Lan^s^settl«ir ^rnstee or Trustees, whether expressly ox Law^ waA other Lsmdfe, ^l|eth«H

to^like^ses J^re<ApW, Copy hold, or Leasiihold, are veWfcd t in ihb- sktntJIrmbow ort Xrusteb ' u^h>w may le sold or or like Tru-ts or are settled t? tl^e sauie Usescorlf urposes, ' or fefc Beer thereto e»<hcdiflfepeiti mortgaged to Tenures of the Lands admit, jor where a»y' Person is rundtfr imy WiH or Settlement actual Possession or Receipt of the Rente and Profits lot ( the Lalds comfpri or Qrant and of other Lands settled to like TriptebeElUises as aforesaid, iti shall bb Idwftil^ i ou u. uib for such Trustees jO^i Tpupft^t, or, ^ucjh jrforesaid, wrtli/ the Sanction and A

Court of Chan bation of the Court of Chancery, to be obtained on Petition to the said Court, tp ra^S' ooizno)^ Property comprised ?n th^ ]

oTscn thpabfiher Lands, iWhether FreteholdJ Copyhold, or Leasehold. Tl^tidd1 iti' sttiK8

otf Xnirteh^lor^tdedfiw/a^mW^ OMirt sliklPdirec ^, foi- th^Putp^d^P

d purchasing

raise Money for Purchas«' of Reversion, under Direc t; on of the

[Junk removed.]

Treasurer's Receipts to be fall Discharges.

Not to affect Christ Church. Oxford, or Collegiate Church at Manchester.

[Short Title.]

1Q ft 11 Vict c. 15. incorporated with this Act.

Companies and Persons to whom Act applies.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, o. 124, 125.

belonging to such Person for any Advowson or Ecclesiastical Patronage belonging to any Ecclesiastical Corporation aggregate or sole, or any other Person.

XLIII. Every Receipt or Acknowledgment of Payment already given or to be given by the Treasurers for the Time being of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall fully discharge the Person or Corporation to whom the same shall be given from all Responsibility in respect of the Amount in such Receipt or Acknowledgment expressed to have been received or paid, and from all Liability in respect of the Application or Misapplication thereof.

XLIV. Nothing in this Act contained, except Sections Eighteen, Nineteen, and Forty-two, shall in any Manner affect or apply to the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford, nor shall anything in this Act contained affect or apply to the Cathedral or Collegiate Church of Manchester, or to the Parish of Manchester Division Act, 1850,

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for better regulating the Supply of Gas to the Metropolis.

[28th Augusl 1860.]

WHEREAS the following Gas Companies; (that is to say,) " The Gaslight and Coke

* Company" The City of London Gaslight and Coke Company," " The Commercial

i Gaslight and Coke Company," " The Equitable Gaslight Company," " The Great Central t Gas Consumers Company," The Independent Gaslight and Coke Company," The ' London Gaslight Company," " The Phoenix Gaslight and Coke Company," " The Ratcliff

Gaslight and Coke Company," " The Surrey Consumers Gas Company," " The South 1 Metropolitan Gaslight and Coke Company," " The Western Gaslight Company (Limited), "

(t The Imperial Gaslight and Coke Company," or some of them, are respectively incorporated under the Authority of Parliament, for the Purpose of supplying several Districts of the Metropolis with Gas; and the said Companies, instead of supplying Gas by several

Mains in the same District, have agreed, as far as possible, each One to confine its Supply ' to a separate District, in order to economise Capital and avoid the too frequent opening of the public Streets, and, subject to the Provisions and Restrictions of this Act, it is expedient that such districting should receive the Sanction of Parliament: And whereas the ' Regulations to which those Companies are subject are not uniform: And whereas it is (expedient that Provision be made for the due Regulation of all Companies and Persons

supplying Gas within the Metropolis: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; (that is to say,)

I. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " Metropolis Gas Act, 1860."

II. u The Gasworks Clauses Act, 1847," (except so far as the Provisions thereof are inconsistent with this Act,) iB incorporated with and forms Part of this Act, and shall apply to the several Companies before named or referred to as fully as if the Gasworks of the several Companies were authorized by this Act; and the Expression " Undertakers " in the recited Act shall be held to apply to every Gas Company affected by this Act; but it shall not be lawful for any Gas Company, by the Application of any of their Profits or Funds, to make up to the prescribed Rate, or the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum wherq no such Rate shall be prescribed, any Dividend which shall have been payable more than Six Years previously; provided that the Powers vested in the Justices by the said Act shall be exercised by a Magistrate.

III. This Act applies to the several Gas Companies, and to all Persons already or hereafter supplying Gas within the Metropolis, except as herein-after excepted.

IV, In

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, d 125. OH

IV, In the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions have the Interpretatkm following Meanings, unless excluded by the Subject or Context; (that is to say,) i °*Term

The Expression " Gas Company " or " Gas Companies" means and includes any and, p

every Company, and any Person or Persons, supplying Gas within the Limits of this Act: " " 1

The Expression " Local Authority" includes the Metropolitan Board of Works, Vestries, and District Boards appointed under an Act of the Session of the Eighteenth and Niner teenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty, for the Local Management of the Metropolis:, / .

The Word " Inspector" or " Inspectors" shall mean any Metropolitan Gas Inspector or 1 ', »

Inspectors to be appointed under this Act: 'tn I, >

The Word " Consumer" means a Person receiving or entitled, in accordance with this Act, to receive a Supply of Gas from any Gas Company:

The Word "the Metropolis" has the same Meaning as in the said Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty:

The Word "District " means, with respect to every Gras Company supplying Gas wholly or in part within the Metropolis, the District, so far as it is within the Metropolis, within which the Gas Company are from Time to Time authorized to supply Gas, and means, with respect to any Person or Persons not being a Gas Company, but supplying Gas wholly or in part within the Metropolis, the District within the Metropolis within which he or they shall from Time to Time as a Trade or Business supply Gas: ' ?

The Word " Street " includes Square, Court, Alley, Highway, Lane, Road, Thordujsjh- fere, and public Passage or Place:, i >

The Word " Premises " includes public and private Messuages and other Buildings Lands, and Tenements whatsoever.

The Word "the Gasworks" means the Works of the respective Gas Companies, and the Works connected therewith:

The Word " Rate " includes all Rents and other Payments for a Supply of Gas:

The Word "Meter Rent" includes all Rents and other Payments for the Use of Gas Meters:

The Word " Magistrate" means any Police or Stipendiary Magistrate acting in and; for the District of the Metropolis in which the Matter referred to him arises, and in the City of London and the Liberties thereof shall mean any Justice of the Peace for the City of London and the Liberties thereof:

The Words " Common Gas" shall mean Gas of an illuminating Power herein-after defined of not less than Twelve Candles: i

The Words " Cannel Gas" shall mean Gas of an illuminating Power herein-afterdefined of not less than Twenty Candles. I

V. The Limits of this Act shall be the Metropolis: Provided always, that this Act and Limit* of Act the several Clauses and Provisions thereof shall not extend or apply or be construed to extend or apply to the several Gas Companies set forth and enumerated in the Schedule annexed to this Act; provided also, that the Districts severally specified and described in i, i the Acts and Instrument of Incorporation respectively mentioned in the said Schedule* ot ' within which the said Companies or any of them are now supplying Gas, (notwithstanding 1 ',; ! J j the said Districts, or any Portions thereof, are or may be within the Limits of the Metropolis as defined by this Act,) shall not be included or deemed to be included in the Expression u the Metropolis," or any Extension thereof which may hereafter be made, under the Pror visions of the herein-before mentioned Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Victoria *

Chapter One hundred and twenty; provided also, that if the said Companies or any of them shall supply Gas in Parts of the Metropolis other than those within their respective Dhh tricts as defined in the said Schedule, then the Provisions of this Act shall be held to apply to such Companies respectively so far only as regards such extended Limits as may be ^Upm the Metropolis.

VI- The

{j

Hi

Sanctioning A argument of Districts to Gas Companies

to be subject to triennial Rerision.

On Complaint as to Quantity and Quality, Secretary of State may appoint a Person as Inspector to inquire and report

Poorer of Inspector so appointed.

Penalty on obstructing Inspector.

Notice If Complaint well founded.

Company to remove Ground of Complaint

Gas Companies to obey Orders of Secretary of State;

23° & 24"VICTORIE, c, 125.

, VI., T^e Ximitaof each of the said Companies shall be the respective Districts auppted with Gas by such Companies as the same are defined upon Four duplicate Maps, signed by the Right Honourable Thomas Henry Sutton Sotheron Estcourt, and which Maps have been severally deposited with the respective Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex, London, Surrey, and Kent; provided that at the Expiration of Three Years next after the passing of this Act, and of every Three Years thereafter, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the Time being may, either upon the Application and with the Consent of any Two or more of the said Gas Companies whose Districts adjoin one another, make any Alteration in the Boundaries of such Districts, or, upon the Application of any Local Authority, or upon the Requisition of not less than Twenty. Gaf Consumers within any District or Districts proposed to be affected, and upon Propfotty Mg Satisfaction being given that any of the said Gas Companies are not in a Condition, ade-r quately to supply with Gas their respective Districts, or have substantially failed to, fydfu the Obligations imposed by this Act, may make such Alterations in the Boundaries of such Districts, or admit any new Company respectively, as he thinks proper; and all such Alterations shall be certified on One or more Maps, to be signed by the said Secretary of State, and deposited with One or more of the said Clerks of the Peace; and such last-mentioned Map or Maps shall be binding on all Parties, and the Provisions of this Act shall be held to apply to the several Districts when so altered, and to the several Companies affected thereby, as fully and effectually as if no Alteration in such Districts had been made, and no other Company or Person than the Company to whom such Limits are for thq Tip» being assigned or shall hereafter be assigned shall supply Gas for Sale within the^siud Limits, unless authorized by Parliament so to do; provided that before proceeding to oon-f eider the Necessity for altering any of the said Districts the said Secretary of Staff shall cause at least One Month's Notice to be given of such Application to all Parties interejrted therein or affected thereby, and such Notice shall state the Day and Hour when and the Place where such Application will be considered; and Notices to given to any Gas Company shall be left with the Secretary or some other principal Officer of the Company, and Notices to be given to any Local Authority shall be left with the Clerk or some other principal Officer of the said Local Authority. 1

VII. If at any Time Complaints as to the Quantity or Quality of the Gas supplied tiy any Company be made to the said Secretary of State by Memorial in Writing from the Metropolitan Board of Works, or any Vestry or District Board of Works, signed by their Clerks respectively, or not less than Twenty Inhabitant Householders paying Rates for and supplied with Gas by any such Company, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary, at any Time within One Month after the Receipt of such Complaint, to appoint a competent Person as Inspector, to inquire into and concerning the Grounds of such Complaint, and to report to the said Secretary thereon.

VIII. The Inspector so appointed as aforesaid shall give Notice of his Appointment in Writing to the Company, and at any Time after Twenty-four Hours from the Time of his giving such Notice as aforesaid he shall have Power to inspect and examine the Gasworks of the Company, and to inquire into and concerning the Grounds of such Complaint, and the Company and their Officers shall afford all reasonable Facilities for such Inspection, Examination, and Inquiry.

IX. Any Person obstructing such Inspector in the due Prosecution of such Inspection,

Examination, or Inquiry shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. j

., , 4 . - 1 i

X. If after Receipt of such Report it shall appear, to the said Secretary that thermit)

Complaint is yell founded, the said Secretary shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Company.

XL After the Receipt of such Notice the Company shall and they are hereby 'required, within a reasonable Time, to remove the OromudB of such Complaint. 1 "

XII. Every Gras Company shall in all things obey the Orders of the said Secretary made in pursuance of this Act, and in default of their so doing they shall be liable to ft Penalty not exceeding Fifty Pounds for each Offence.

..... ... ' XIIJV All

23.°!&j 2#V<I OTOftl M'f

XIII. All the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incident to any InqufrVaitl Decision of the said Secretary of State under this Act shall from Time to Time be home anc^paul by such Parties as the said Secretary of State shall direct/and such Decision1 inky, upon an ex-pcirte Application, be made a Rule of any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of L&W at Westminster.

XIV. Every Gas Company from Time to Time supplying Gas within any District shall,

as to any Premises or Street within such District not already supplied with Gas ami which shall lie within Fifty Yards of hny existing Mains, at their own Expense, ou being required by the Owner or Occupier of any Premises within the District or in part within the District, who shall contract for not less than Two Years to pay Gas Rates in respect of such Supply to an Amount equal to Twenty per Cent upon the Outlay, provide ami Jay all proper and sufficient Communication, Service, and other Pipes up to the PrumjgQs. of such Owner or Occupier, to communicate with the Gas Company's Mains, and shall, if so required by the Owner, Occupier, or Local Authority, furnish him or them, at the Rate prescribed by this Act, with a Supply of Gas for the Purpose of being used in or on tlm Premises, or for lighting the Street, and if so required by the Owner or Occupier, furnish him with One or more Meters, for ascertaining the Quantity of Gas consumed; provided that the Gas Company shall not be bound to supply mure than One Motor for each Consumer occupying a separate Dwelling or Apartment, nor any Meter exceeding a Five-Light Motor; provided also, that the Meter Rent which the £aia Company shall be entitled to claim for such Meter shall not exceed Ten per Cent, on the net Cost of such Mon r; provided that it shall not be lawful for any Company not charging a Meter Rent ou the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty to charge such Rent within their District until after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundivd and SlXty-tWO. \, ' . r ' {t r; rt ' '

Sfi?noiioa£S

2i>{(i£qtiioO ?£ 0 Jod o) Ijiiiifloii) oi .aoi<jivoH

Gas Companies to provide Pipes, and supply Gas and Meters at prescribed Rents.

XV. Provided, That the Owner or Occupier, if so required in Writing by the Gas Security to be

" r1 given to Gas Company, if required.

UW II DU ICljUJUAl 111 fT lll/llf^ Ijy ITUJ UlW

Company i or any of their Officers, shall, before he is entitled to have the Pipes provided anil laid, or to have a Supply of Gas or of Meters furnished, give to the Gits CorripAny

such Security for the Payment of the Rate for the Gas to be supplied to hirn, and of the Meter Rent for every Meter to be supplied to him, as he and) thf Gas Company agree on.

XVXi Provided, Tbit if, the Ownec dr Oocupiief and the-'Gas, Ownlpttey1 thereto))^ the> Security-t«l be given shall be detenwAed'by Mbgistrat^y ^lMl iahV Magistrate sbaD^<)ft the J^llcMaon !of . thfej Chvnerv WiOcchffior ami thb GM either [of them^ determine the; Nature i and lAmdanti ' »fthe' SeodHty ^' ^Atfid''yhe

Security may, ee jthe Magistrate thinkBfity be i the 'Deposit tolththte Gasi(D6mbafty), ' bP4fiflf any Person approved by the Magistrate, or the Prepayment'to1 <hb G«ri jOothpd*iy, , f Sum of ^loney. or ^ny other ^ecurity which the Magistrate, thiphs.suffipie^iidndjl'tasiiiMe; and the D^tenuination oftfoe Magistrate^shall be finding en^oll Partifi^nq) Sdal Ml^roiaiddj that if the Security be thejPepqsif with the Gto Coitipai)yJ<d; a , Swiu, .of^MoGey^thgiGa Company shall pay Interest thereon, to the Consumer at euoh Rate.asithe MagpfcrtJe. Aall determine. ' . -nJ; ../- ) odi

XVII. If the Gas Company, not being entitled to require or not Having teqiiired riny Security wilfully faij for Seven Pays after ibeing thereunto required m-wtftipgf'. bj/ the Consurner.jor where the Security agreedou or deteftnined hjr thei Maga^taUeia >gi^«q tuhilft wilfully fall for Fourteen Pays thereafter to provide and lay all proper, and, sufficient Communication, Service; and other Impels, Of to iutiiish A Supply of GAs. or to uirpiali , auy\ Motef, ^pnfsuknt 'td' the Prevfeibntl of thid: Act, then hftd in every' such''Case fbs, Company shall, on a summary Conviction before a Magistrate, forfeit and pay the ^nsupaer^not qsqe^di^gtlfotfy Sbdliagsr, fotj evbry >B»y after the* ^SispftitihhTofi6ev4*for Fourteen Pays respectively (forinjgtvhioh the.FaHnraiecmrinuee.t .nunT yIdj, ao«j; yi niiliiw

Prpv^ed, .)priyata; C<»i, 9nniiefish«lli!ifi sorequMrediiidV^ritihfe JtyXhe v^. Jpdpp^ipqBpunie the Ga? by Metier, huti atoy iC&Mkuaerl amy}M he (thinks Jfyipwrqidwt his own Meter. ', ihu.i -ioi Jhiu./I ^ilii jpiibo-.rjxo Jon

a A2ft ^24 Vict. 3 Z XIX Subject

JnuifqrnoO uO ^jiJdrnP oJ a£ ty]ilt:n$) bos Differqufcgiafe^ to^eoprfry-to

byJ a<M*gb*I bjs

tratC^H£ tniupui .JltujJl

to idwoT

O?. ToJovqHiir

Penalty on Gas Goratpfeip'I failiiqpitcjpfido vide Piposttitul Su-

d! oJ /risqmoO bnuoit) ovoai JfiiaiqmoO

<a»4qd»0 aaO

of

to

quired byJsJfcl to Companies.

544

Gas Companies may contract for Supply.

Contracts valid though not under Seal.

Restrictions on Contracts with Gas Companies.

Gas Companies to light Streets when required by Local Authority.

Local Authorities may provide Lamp Posts and Lamps.

Service Pipes to be folly charged with Gas.

Illuminating Power and Purity of Gas.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 125.

XIX Subject to the Provisions of this Act, every Gas Company, from Time to Time, may enter into any Contract with any Owner, Occupier, or Local Authority for all or any of the following Purposes; that is to say, for supplying him or them with Gas, and with Pipes, Burners, Meters, Lamps, Lamp Posts, and other Apparatus, and for the Repair and cleansing and for the lighting and extinguishing thereof, in such Manner and on Such Term* and Conditions as the Parties agree.

XX. Provided, That, notwithstanding its being required by any Act of Parliament or otherwise that the Gas Company's Contracts shall be under Seal, every Contract of the Gas Company entered into in accordance with this Act shall without Seal be binding on them, if the Contract be signed by at least Two of their Directors, or by their Secretary os other Officer, by the Authority of at least Two of their Directors.

XXI. Provided, That no Contract for any of those Purposes shall contain any Term 01; Condition contrary to any of the Provisions of this Act, or for giving in case of Difference the sole Arbitrament thereon to the Gas Company or any Officer or Person who is or has been employed by them, or who may have a pecuniary Interest in such Company, or for requiring any Notice by a Consumer discontinuing his Supply of Gas or Meter which shall make him liable to pay more than One Month's Rate, or Meter Rent after the Time of the Service of the Notice, or which shall entitle the Gas Company, except for Breach of any of the Provisions of this Act, to discontinue any Supply of Gas by less than One Months Notice in Writing to the Consumer, unless the Rate due for Gas shall be in arrear, in which Case Three Days Notice in Writing to the Consumer shall be sufficient

XXII. The Gas Company shall well and effectually light all public Lamps in all Streets which they are required by the Local Authority to light, and shall, according to the Terms of their Contract, supply to the Local Authority so much Gas as they require for their public Lamps; provided that the Gas Company shall not be compelled to light any Street with Lamps at a greater Distance from each other than Seventy-five Yards.

XXIII. The Local Authority may provide and keep in repair their own public Lamp Posts and Lamps, and Apparatus connected therewith, and in case of their electing to bum by Meter, light and extinguish the Lamps, and defray the Expenses thereof.

XXIV. Every Gas Company shall, unless prevented by necessary Repairs or unavoidable Accident, at all Times keep all their Branch or Service Pipes fully charged with Gas, and the Stopcocks so turned as not to prevent the Branch or Service Pipes from being at all Times filled with Gas.

XXV. The Quality of the Common Gas supplied by any Gas Company shall be, with respect to its illuminating Power at a Distance as near as may be of One thousand Yards from the Works, such as to produce from an Argand Burner having Fifteen Holes and Seven-inch Chimney, consuming Five Cubic Feet of Gas an Hour, a Light equal in Intensity to the Light produced by not less than Twelve Sperm Candles of Six to the Pound each burning One hundred and twenty Grains an Hour, and the Quality of Cannel Gras supplied by any Gas Company shall with respect to its illuminating Power at the Distance aforesaid be such as to produce from a Batswing or Fishtail Burner consuming Five Feet of Gas per Hour a Light equal in Intensity to Twenty such Sperm Candles, and each Such Gas shall with respect to its Purity be so far free from Ammonia and Sulphuretted Hydrogen that it shall not discolour either Turmeric Paper or Paper imbued with Acetate or Carbonate of Lead, when those Tests are exposed to a Current of Gas issuing for One Minute under a Pressure of Five Tenths of an Inch of Water, and shall not contain more than Twenty Grains of Sulphur in any Form in One hundred Cubic Feet of Gas: Provided that any Gas Company, and the Local Authorities of the District supplied by such Company, shall be at liberty to agree upon any other or different Test by which to ascertain the Purity of the Gas, or to vary the Amounts of Ammonia or Sulphur in any Form hereinbefore allowed, and thereupon the Company shall be thenceforth liable to have the Purity of their Gas tested in the Manner so prescribed.

XXVI. If

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 125. 345

XXVI. If the Gas supplied by the Gas Company be at any Time of less illuminating Penalty for

Power or of less Purity than according to this Act it ought to be, the Gas Company shall iUu"

for every such Offence, on a summary Conviction before a Police Magistrate, forfeit a Sum power or not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and also, in addition to that Penalty, and whether that Impurity. Penalty be recovered or not, a further Sum of Ten Pounds for every Day after Notice in Writing from the Local Authority during which the Offence continues: Provided that such

Police Magistrate shall not convict under this Section, if it shall be proved to his Satisfaction that such Defect of Gas was occasioned by any unavoidable Cause or Accident.

XXVII. Every Local Authority taking any Supply of Gas according to this Act shall Appointment provide all proper and sufficient Apparatus, Machinery, and Instruments for testing the illuminating Power and Purity of the Gas, and from Time to Time shall appoint, and out Exuniner of any Funds applicable by them for their Local Purposes, may pay, a Chemical Examiner Gas.

or Gas Engineer, or other competent Person, to be an Examiner for the Purposes of this Act; and every Gas Company shall, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, cause to be erected in some convenient Place, as near as may be to One thousand Yards from their Works (such Place, in case of Dispute between the Company and the Local Authority, to be fixed by a Police Magistrate upon the Application of either Party, after hearing the Parties thereon), an Experimental Meter, furnished with a suitable Burner, capable of consuming Five Cubic Feet of Gas per Hour, with other necessary Apparatus for testing the illuminating Power of the Gas.

XXVIII. The Examiner shall, on giving Three Hours Notice to the Secretary ot Examination Engineer of the Company, have Access at all Times to such Experimental Meter, and ^Gas, J^d when and so often as is necessary or as he is so directed by the Local Authority appointing reon* him shall examine the illuminating Power, and the Purity of the Gas supplied, and shall

present to the Local Authority, so often as they require, a Report stating the Number of Examinations on which the Report is founded, and the maximum, minimum, and average illuminating Power and Purity, or the illuminating Power and Purity from Day to Day or at longer Intervals of the Gas supplied during the whole Period to which the Report relates, with such other Information and Remarks thereon as may be deemed necessary.

XXIX. Provided, That Two or more Local Authorities, if they think fit, may join in Two or more

providing the Apparatus, Machinery, and Instruments, and in appointing and paying the ritiama^oin Examiner, and he shall make his Reports to every Local Authority so joining in appointing in the Ap-and paying him. pointment.

XXX. The Examiner, on Payment to him of a Fee of Ten Shillings and Sixpence by Complaint to a any Consumer, shall, at his Request, examine and report to him on the illuminating Poorer M^iatrate as and the Purity of the Gas supplied as herein-before mentioned; and any Consumer may QaJipp 7 ° make Complaint to any Magistrate with respect to the illuminating Power or Purity of the

Gas supplied to the Complainant, and the Magistrate may entertain and hear the Complaint, and proceed thereon according to the Provisions of this Act.

XXXI. Any Magistrate may direct that Notice be given to the Complainant and the Hearing on Gas Company to appear and be heard on the Complaint, at such Time as he appoints, and ^P0* each Party snail thereupon appear and may be heard before a Magistrate, by themselves,

their Counsel, Attorneys, or Agents.

XXXII. Whete on the Hearing, and whether or not the Gas Company have appeared. Order on it appears to the Magistrate that the Complaint or any Part thereof is well founded, he Heanng* shall make an Order declaring that the same is well founded, and ordering the Gas Company

to pay any Penalty or Penalties thereby incurred, and to remove within a reasonable Time the Grounds of Complaint, and he may by the Order direct that any specific Acts shall be done by the Gus Company for removing the Grounds of Complaint, and may make any Order as to Costs; and all Orders so made shall be final and binding on all Parties.

XXXIII. Where the Gas Company are served with any Order so made they shall, Gas Company within the Time limited by the Order, remove the Grounds of Complaint thereby declared to obey Order#

w

Gas Companies to afford Facilities for Examination under this Act

Limit of Charge for Gas and Meters,

- ] J MJ.)

Determination of existing Contracts.

Limit of . Charge for Gas supplied to public Lamps.

Difference to be settled by Arbitration.

Incoming Tenant not to pay Arrears of outgoing Tenant unless by expresa Agreeme nt

Appeal by Consumers to Home Secretary on Rise of Price of Gas.

28" & 2?r VICTORIA c. 125.

tobefrell founded, and pay the Penalty or, Penalties, add the Damages (if any) and Coats (if aay) thexcfcy ordeted to be paid by them. '

XXXIV. The Gas Company, and their Officers, Agents, and Servants, and where, there is any Complaint made, the Complainant, shall afford to the Examiner appointed by the Local Authority all reasonable Facilities for the' respective' Inspection, Examination, and Inquiry; and' every Person obstructing any such Examiner so appointed in the Exercise of his Duties under this Act shall for every such Offence forfeit not exceeding Teh Pounds *

XXXV After the Thirty-^rst Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty, ho Gas Company shall, except under existing Contracts, demand or take for any Gas 6r Five-Light Meter supplied by them any Sum of Money exceeding the Rate or Meter Rent by this Act authorized.

. ' *- ... ' > 1 i .1 -1 i

XXX VI: All Contracts made or existing before the First of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty, between any of the Gas Companies included in this Act and any Local Authority, for or relating to the Supply of Gas, shall terminate on the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and thereafter the Provisions of this Act in all Particulars shall apply to ouch Company; provided that from the Time of the passing of this Act until the said First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two the Provisions of this Act relating to Price, Purity, apd illuminating, Power of Gas, shall not, apply to any such Company, unless such Company shall elect to adopt them .:,

XXXVII. The Gas Company shall not charge a higher Pried by the One thousand Cubic Jfcet for Gas supplied to* any Local Authority than the lowest Rate by the Phfe thousand Cubic Feet from Time to Time charged by them to any private CUnsusaertel otherwise than by special Contract in Writing, in the District supplied by, the Gas Company., '

XXXVIII. If any Difference arise between the Local Authority and the Gas Company with respect to any Alteration in the Test, or to the Kate to. be charged for Gas supplied or for lighting any public Lamp, the Difference shall be referred to and be determined, by Arbitration in the Man tier prescribed by the u Oorrtpanies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845^" with respect to the Settlement of Disputes by Arbitration.

XXXIX. In casp any Consumer leave the Premises where Gas was supplied to him without paying to the Gas Company the Rate or Meter Rent due from him, the Ga^ Company shall not require from the next Tenant of the Premises Payment of the Arrears so left unpaid, unless the incoming Tenant agreed with the defaulting Consumer to pay the Arrears; but the Gas Company shall, notwithstanding any snob Arrears, in the Absence of Collusion between the outgoing and incoming Tenant, supply Gas to the inootaid^ Tenant, as required by this Act, on being required by him so to do.

XL. No Company shall advance the Price of Gas above the Rate taken by such Company on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty, whenever such Rate is at or above Four Shillings and Sixpence per One thousand Cubic Feet, unless there has been such Increase in the Cost of Gas, or any other Circumstances affecting the ComjJany, as will warrant such Advance: Provided always, that before raising the Gas Rate in any District the Gras Company supplying such District shall give Notice of their Intention'to the Local Authorities of the District and in some Newspaper circulating within the District for Two consecutive Weeks at least One Month before such Alteration in the Gtts Rate shall be made; and in case any Local Authority shall, within such Month, dissent from such Alteration, it shall be determined by Arbitration in the Manner herein-before mentioned whether such Alteration shall be allowed: Provided always, that n<f GiU Company shall charge for Common Gas Supplied by them any Sum exceeding Fite Shillings and Sixpence for every One thousand Cubic Feet, or for Cennel Gas ppyr Sum exceeding* Seven Shillings and Sixpence for every One thousand Cubic Feet; provided also, that any Company shall be at liberty to change the Kind of Gas from Time to Time

fsi & 24° VICTORIA c. 125.

supplied by Sttch Company, whether Cdmmon or Cannel Gas, on giving Three Months Notice of their Intention so to do; and upon the Expiration of such Notice the Company shall thenceforth supply Gas pursuant thereto under the Provisions of /this Act until any like Notice shall be given for a further Change; and when the Company shall change the

supply from Cannel Gas to Common Gas, the Rate shall be reduced so as not to exceed our Shillings and Sixpence per Thousand Cubic Feet, except under the Circumstances aif4 in the Manner herehi-before set forth.

XLI. The said Secretary of State may at any Time issue a Form of Accounts to b6 filled up by each of the said Gas Companies, and such Accounts shall state precisely the ^mounts of the Capital of each Company, and the Acts of Parliament or otlie^r Authority: und^r which the same is raised, and such other Information ^s the said Secretary may require, in order to enable him to ascertain the actual State and Condition of the , Concerns of such Company; and every Gas Company shall, after receiving Notice in Writing signed by the said Secretary of the Form bo required by him to be filled up, within Two "Mohths after the General Meeting of the Company fill up and forward to the said Secretary an annual Statement of Accounts in the Form so prescribed, and any Company which shall foil to furnish such Account shall be liable on Conviction before a Magistrate to forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and such Statement shall be laid by the Secretary of State before both Houses of Parliament every Year.

X£II. Every Gas Company shall within One Yqar after the passing of this Act cause a Map to be made of the District within which their Mains or District Mains then lie, on a Scale not less than Six Inches to a Mile, and shall cause to be marked thereon the Line of hU theiir then existing Mams and District Mains, and shall once ii every Year e or root such Mhp and make such Additions thereto as will show the Line of all their then Meins and Dwtriot Mhins as aforesaid; i !; -

1^LIII. Every Map, or a Copy thereof, so made by or for each Company, with the Date expressed thereon of the last Time when it was so corrected, shall be deposited, certified by their Secretary or Clerk by Writing under his Hand to be a true Copy thereof, with the xes^eetlye Clerks of the Peace' for the Counties in which such Mains He, and who one hereby required to receive and keep in safe Custody the same; and such Maps so deposited shall at *31 reasonable Times be epeh to the Inspection of all Local Authorities and Consumers, and their respective Agents, and they respectively may take Copies of or Extracts from the pander iuid every Gas Company wilfully failing to comply with any of the Requb^m^nfo of this Act with respect to Maps, and every Person having charge of such Maps who shall refuse to allow any Person to inspect and take Copies of or Extracts from such Maps, shall for eyprysuch Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XLIV. Every Clerk of the Peace with whom any Map shall be deposited under the Provisions of this Act may charge and take the Sum of One Shilling for every Inspection of such Map, and the further Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every Extract from or Copy ta^en of such Map. t,

XLV. If and whenever it appears to the Secretary of State that any of the Provisions of tide Act have been violated or not complied with on the Part of any Gas Company, or that the, Gas. Company are acting in a Manner unauthorized by Law, and if it appear to him that it would be for the Public Advantage that the Gras Company should be restrained from so acting, or compelled to do any Act for remedying the wrongful Act done by them, the Secretary of State may certify the same in Writing to Her Majesty's Attorney Geperak and thereupon be, if he be so advised, shall proceed by Information, Bid, or Action* orothe* such Proceeding at Law or in Equity, as the Case requires, to restrain the wrongful acting or to, compel the doing of the Acts for remedying the wrongful Acts; provided always, that the) Secretary of State shall not give the Certificate at a Period exceeding One Year after th£Committing of the Offence specified in the Certificate.)

XLVI. Every Penalty imposed by this Act, the Recovery and Application of which fs hot: otherwise specially previaed for by this Act, shall be recovered on summary Conviction I; before

m

/I'---

Home Secretary may issue. Form or Ac^ 1 coubttf to be filled Vp by Gras Companies.

Gas Companies to cause Maps of their Districts to be made.

As to Deposit and Inspection of the Maps;

- h.

Charge for 1 Inspection of A Map.

t A

Secretary of State may direet Proceedings by* the Attorney General against Gas Companies.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

548

Jurisdiction of Magistrates for Purposes of Act

For the Protection of Water Companies.

For laying Pipes to convey Gas.

Mode of laying Pipes.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 125.

before a Magistrate, and be enforced, accounted for, and paid to the Receiver of the Metropolitan Police District, and shall be apportioned in the same Manner as Penalties or Fines, other than Fines upon drunken Persons, or upon Constables for Misconduct, or for Assaults upon Police Constables, are by the Act of the Third Year of Her present Majesty, for regulating Police Courts in the Metropolis, directed to be recovered, enforced, accounted for, paid, and applied; and every Order or Conviction of any Magistrate in respect of any such Penalty shall be subject to the like Appeal, and upon the same Terms, as is by that Act provided in respect of any Order or Conviction of any Magistrate; and every Magistrate by whom any Order of Conviction is made under this Act shall have the same Power of binding over the Witnesses examined, and the Witnesses shall be entitled to the same Allowance of Expenses, as they would be entitled to in case the Order, Conviction, and Appeal were made under that Act,

XLVII. Every Magistrate shall, for the Purposes of this Act, have full Jurisdiction and full Powers and Authorities over the Parties respectively, and with respect to making Orders on the Parties respectively, and otherwise, and as to Costs, and may issue every such Summons, Warrant, and other Process, and may take such other Proceedings as he thinks requisite; and the Service of any Summons, Notice, Order, or other Process in the Matter on such Person, or in such Manner as a Magistrate directs, shall be good Service thereof; and every Magistrate may proceed singly in the Execution of this Act in such Manner as he thinks proper.

XLVIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower any Gas Company to interfere with or abridge any of the Rights or Privileges of any Company established for the Supply of Water to the Inhabitants of any Parish or Place within the Metropolis; and every Gas Company shall be answerable for any Damage, Spoil, Injury, or Mischief which shall be done to any of the Pipes, Works, or Property of any such Water Company, or which shall or may be sustained by such Water Company by reason or in consequence of any Act, Matter, or Thing to be done or executed by such Gas Company, or any of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen.

XLIX. Whenever any Gas Company, or their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall dig or sink any Trench for laying any new Mains or Pipes, other than Service Pipes, for the Conveyance of Gas, or other Apparatus near to which any Pipe belonging to any Water Company for conveying Water, or any Branch or Service Pipe for the Supply of Water to any Dwelling House or Buildings, shall be laid, such Gas Company, their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, shall give Four Hours previous Notice thereof in Writing to the Manager or Chief Clerk, or Secretary or Engineer, of such Water Company, such Notice to be delivered at the principal Office of the Company between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, and shall, under the Inspection of the Manager or Chief Clerk, Secretary or Engineer for the Time being of such Water Company, protect and secure every such Water Pipe from any Injury, and shall also repair any Damage that shall be done to such Pipe, and in default of repairing such Damage the Gas Company shall for each such Default forfeit and pay to the Secretary for the Time being of such Water Company, for the Use of the said Water Company, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and also the Costs and Expenses which shall have been incurred by the said Water Company in protecting and securing any such Water Pipe, or in repairing or making good any Injury that may have been done thereto by the Means aforesaid, such Costs and Expenses to be ascertained by any Justice, and to be recovered in the same Manner as any Expenses or Penalty under this Act may be recovered.

L. All Pipes hereafter to be laid by any Gas Company for the Conveyance of Gas shall be laid at the greatest practicable Distance from the nearest Part of any Pipe then laid down by or by Order of any Water Company for the Conveyance of Water, and wherever the Width of the Carriageway or Footpath will allow thereof shall be laid at the Distance of Four Feet at least from the nearest Part of any such Water Pipe, unless in Cases where it shall be unavoidably necessary to lay the Gas Pipe across or nearer to any Water Pipe, in which Case the said Gas Pipe shall, wherever practicable, be laid over and above the said

Water

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 12§. M9

Water Pipe at the greatest practicable Distance therefrom, and shall form therewith a Bight Angle, or as near thereto as the Situation will admit; and in every Such Case the said Gas Pipe so crossing the said Water Pipe shall be at least Nine Feet in Length, so that no Joint of any Gras Pipe shall be nearer to any Water Pipe than Four Feet at the least, where the Width of the Boad, Street, Square, Market Place, Lane, Alley, Passage, Court, pr other Place will admit; and every such Gas Pipe so crossing the Water Pipe shall for the whole Length thereof be sufficiently bedded in with good sound Clay or other fit Materials of a proper Consistence, and well worked and rammed into the Trench all round the said Gas Pipe* and in laying down any such Gas Pipe the Gas Company shall use such Joints as are for the Time being of the most improved Description for preventing the Leakage of Gas, and shall in no Case join Two or more Gas Pipes together previous to their being laid in the Trench, but shall lay each Pipe as near as may be in its Place in the Trench, and shall in such Trench properly form the jointing with the other Pipes to be added thereto with proper and sufficient Materials, and shall also, wherever practicable, lay and well and sufficiently bed each Joint of the Main Gas Pipes and also the Joints or Screws of the Branoh or Service Gas Pipes connecting with the Main Gas Pipes, and also the Joints of the Service or Branch Pipes for conveying the Gas from the Main Gas Pipes to the Houses and other Buildings, and all other Joints, Inlets, Apertures, or Openings which are or shall or may be made in any of the Main Gas Pipes belonging to the Gas Company, in such Manner and of such Material as shall, as far as reasonably practicable, prevent Leakage.

LI. Whenever the Water which shall be supplied by any Water Company shall be con- To prevent taminated or affected in any way whatsoever by the Gas of any Gas Company, such Gas farther Con-Company shall, within Twenty-four Hours next after Notice thereof in Writing, signed by b^Gas.

any One of the Directors, or by the Secretary for the Time being of such Water Company, or by any Person using the Water of such Water Company, and left at the Office of such Gas Company, cause Measures to be taken effectually to prevent such Gas from contaminating or affecting the Water of such Water Company; and in case such Gas Company shall not within Forty-eight Hours next after any such Notice so left as aforesaid use all reasonable Means to effectually remove the Cause of such Complaint, and prevent all such Contamination whereof Notice shall be given as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Gas Company shall on each Complaint whereof Notice shall be given as aforesaid forfeit and pay to the Secretary of such Water Company, for the Use of such Water Company, the Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Day during which the Water supplied by such Water Company shall remain contaminated or affected by the Gas of such Gas Company; and every such Penalty or Forfeiture may be recovered for the Use of such Water Company in the same Manner as any other Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act may be levied and recovered.

LII. And whereas it may become a Question upon such Complaint as aforesaid whether For ascer or not the Water supplied by any Water Company within the Metropolis be contaminated tuning if the 1 or affected by the Gas of the Gas Company:* Be it enacted, That m every such Case it ^iaa^on' shall be lawful for any such Water Company to dig to and about and to search and examine the Mains, Pipes, Conduits, and Apparatus of the Gas Company adjacent to the Pipes of such Water Company for the Purpose of ascertaining whether or not such Contamination proceed or be occasioned by the Gas of such Gas Company, giving Twenty-four Hours

?*evious Notice in Writing, signed by One of the Directors or by the Secretary for the ime being of such Water Company, and left at the Head Office of such Gas Company, of the Intention of such Water Company so to dig, search, and examine as aforesaid, and of the Time and Place or Places when and where such Digging, Search, and Examination is intended to be made; and if it shall appear that the said Water has been contaminated, and that there has been any Escape of Gas whereby such Contamination has been produced, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expenses of the said Digging, Search, and Examination, and of the Repair of the Street, Koad, or Place which shall be taken up or disturbed, shall be borne and paid by such Gas Company, which Costs and Expenses shall be ascertained and determined if necessary by any Justice, and may be levied and recovered in the same

Manner

2I3*&24* VICTORIA, ill 25.

as apy Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act may be levied apd recovered: d always, that if upon feuch Examination it shall appear that such Contamination

Appropriation of Penalties in the City of London.

Saving Rights of Metropolitan Board of Works, Vestries, and others.

Manner Provided

has not arisen from any Escape of Gas from any of the Mams, Pipes, or Conduits of the Gas Company to. which such Notice shall have been given, then and in every such Case the Water Company by whom or on whose Behalf such Examination and Search shall have been made shall bear-and pay-all the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of and incident to such ^nyjpa^ion and Search, and phajl also make good to ^uch Gas Company pny Damage which may he occasioned to their Mains, Pipes, Conduits, or Apparatus by such SfearehJ mfl fllsQany injury or Damage iwhiph may be done in or abput any of the Streets, of Places which /shall b& broken up or disturbed in such Search, the Amount of such Damage to be ascertained and determined if necessary by any Justice, and to be levied and recovered itt the; sime* Manner As ally Penalty or Forfeiture tinder this Act may be levied and recovered.

DHL All Penalties or Sums of Money ordered and adjudged within the City *£ London add the Liberties thereof to be paid tinder this Act, and not otherwise appropriated , : shall be payable to the Chamberlain of the City of London, in aid of the Expenses of the Police of the said City,

LIV. Nothing in this Act contained, shall javoid, prejudice, or impair any of the PtoWfck now exercised by or vested in the Metropolitan Board of Works, or in the Comtiiissibriere of Sewers of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, 'or any Powers npw vested^ a^y Local Authority within the Metropolis, or any Powers now exercised or possessed in respect the Manufacture ot Supply of Gas within the Metropolis by any Railway Company, $r by another Person or Persons making or supplying Gas for his or their own Use, aj*d not making ot* sullying GaA to the Public as a Trade or Business: Provided that if the said Local Authority shall refuse ox. delay their Consent to any Company to lay down Mains or Pipes in accordance with the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State under his Hand to authorize the same to be laid down without such Consent; and after the Date of the Application by such Company to the said Secretary of State for such Consent no Penalty shall be intmrfrerf by 'any Default of such Company, so far as }itis oc4&i<fr^dbyw*chBefowdunlyt

r Provided, That no special Remedy 6r Provision for giving Relief t6 any Perebti given

bythifc Act shall prejudice or diminish the general Jurisdiction of any of Heir Matty's (Superior Courts, of Law or Equity oyw or witfi .respect to the Act? Of Dqfaptysj^ r^neot of, which the special Remedies qr Provisioue are so given. j , i:, (ff,

Costs, Chafe; es, and Expenses of and incident t tq the passing of this A<jV apd preliminary thereto, shall be paid by the ^Metropolitan Board of, Works, out of such Funds as may be and shall be levied by their Authority from the several Vestries and Distridt Boards, in proportion to their annual rateable Value, au^ such Amount shall be included in the Precept of the Metropolitan Board under the Authority of the Act of the Eighteenth mm - aind Nineteenth i Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty* for j the 7 |; /ijoori.Managenaeilt of the Metropolis. i.

Expenditure of LVIL All the Expenditure from Time to Time made or incurred by any Local Authority Local Autho- ^den the Authority of this Act ^may and shall be defrayed by (he Local Authority opt of tMsAct* i any Rqfce raised under the Provisions of the Act of the Session of (he Eighteenth acjd N Nineteenth Years of Hqy present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty, for the Loqal Management of the Metropolis. f 'h

Saving general Jurisdiction of Courts of Law and Equity.

Expenses of Act.

[Junk removed.]

, f y_.; S(3HE-

2m, <24» XICB0RJ,

ui.M, ..sdfitfDUtB to which Fifth */ '

. (/j t Nam© of Gas Company.

-1 ^Special Act, -} ' hills:

00 Inatrwmeat of. ImeOfporatieu,

uft.u.-. a:

'*{ii; -JT /Mi; Uif>:n tnTr

ft ''Xi-'i *i V'J V n f; plfu > '. ? ft, //

P^e^is.hiptGw;

Tfomstead, ftfid j* Chirrton ' - Consumers Gis

lie Woolwich Equitable Gask light and Coke Company.

The Wandsworth and Putney a Gaslight and) Cofae Company. fEhb Bbentfoid Gas Company *

lo Jjil/i :h - )/ i ., -i

The Victoria Docks Gas Corn-

et — tntrr tty

Itrdr- 4 *

The Crystal Palace bistrict !The, District1 defined W\'ttiefr Gak Compands Acti t$58.U."M ' '' iard(Sfc&nS 'Act.O: {11 f -'; 1 *' Thfc Woolwrdi; PlunWtead1, '' and Ll Cha^ltdn: Con&l^ner$I,

Gafr Act, 18155.11 n i; 1 jUfi Woolwich Equitable Gatf Company's Act, 1855.

The Wandsworth and Putney fiGajS:Acffc, J.856, y , n. >[/ ft> ."j The .Pren^ford Ga& Ac<i l$5$.

pany.

Gaslight ajpd Coke

* , ?> *; > . \ t. y j, ' t , j > tp,

The Victoria Docks Gas Act. 1857.

Articles of Assjocjatfon wider the Joint Stock Company

; Adt, 'im/ll; ^M; ^'V',

T6ef West Bfam Gas C6ippany. The Wc&t Hhib'CW Cfcfihptoy'S

, or, , .V. l, Act, 18561

IMitfA^iki; 1 Mertbft, anti Tooting hftGi&'C^j&ny. 1 - > -.id

bin% li ir4 i -'ftVi.

bum]/, ntf'/i

Thhj Dwfet immk by tWir

^SpfedialiAdtiid/.' , -r>y{*l mnv.ftjb Fuf.r *> >rifj; T*i'»-.[: ft] *.>} The Distant Jdefipftd- bj/fth^r said Special Act. (/ v The District defined By their

nrS*id£of^'A9ty 7 IIJ

I The District sow actually gup-

said Special Act.

TJhe Parish of Elthapn. j

Jr)'!'r, of ) y nr»

If

OVK'f'. fu-

ll*)

i Articled fof > Association f a Ador 7 »df ft Vio^ia, Cap. 110. i rq

|»- '.J! v!»rr i -ft <./; oddir4!. ?j

2l j IL-lit vJj

ThV DiSfiridt defined by their deidr Special Aotit; , / .ft; — ,] Th^ Barisheer and i Villages of, Afid adjaeenf, w t, MJfchi^,

> j M.eT^nI1^>tiflg, n

id*. 1:ill Iblh. /.iriii/l.li; /- ix^oJL

/ i - *«

I'*J

-ft Iftt

IM > -ft

v; i Hfd-s .U :-/r; L- *r*. *o'i.M i{11

ir-'r !- i>, } :*/' ,; >i, )\ - .i{ r *; .iJ :j . ? ft, I

A p.cxxyi. 'r'/

r), ' )*!.*.ft . j.

ti :; <l

An Act for the further Amendment of the Process, Practice, and Mode of ,; , Plpading.W apd ^nl^rging the, flurisdi^tj^|of Superior Courts of, or^mon, l*ws& fVostmmter. .....; <l., .

[£8th !8pQ.]

'VATHEftEA^ It is desirable fbrther to improve the' Process, Practice, and Mode of ' '* Pleading in, and, in Borne rcsjjects, to enlarge the Jurisdiction of the Superior Courts

of Common, Law:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with ijhje yUftice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ^nd .Temporal, and Commons, in this .pr^njt Ppfliapentyassempled, pnd by the Auth^nty of the same, as follows: n . - i

it. t J I *1: riii! jm

Relief against forfeiture.

m

f; (i

I. In the Ga^e <rf toy Ejdctment for a Forfeits brought for Nonpayment of Bebt^ the ReUef against Court or a Judge shall have Power, upon Rule or Sinmnons, to give Relief in a Nummary forfeiture for Manner, But subject to Appeal as herein-after mentioned, up to and within the like Time o/Rent611 Rafter Executiop executed, and subject to1 same Terms and Conditions in all respects, as to Payment of Rent, Costs, and otherwise, as in the Court of Chancery; and if the Lessto, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall upon such Proceeding Be relieved, he and they shall hbld the demised Lands according to the Lease thereof made, without any new Lease. 1 - 1 4

II. In the Case of any Ejectment for a Forfeiture for Breach of a Covenant or Condition Relief against to insure against Loss or Damage by Fire, the Court or a Judge shall have Power, upon Rule or Summons, to give Relief Tn a summary ^Manner, but subject to Appeal as hereinafter mentioned, in all Cases in which such Relief may now be obtained in the Court of Chancery under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the present Reign, intituled An Act to further 22 & 23 Vict -J.1J Jg3 & 24 Vict. 4 A amend c'35 '

* 552

Minute of Relief granted.

Appeal to the Court from Order of Jadge.

Power to appeal from Order of Court

Courts of Appeal

Notice of Appeal.

Bail.

Form of Appeal.

Judgment of Court of Appeal and Power to remit Proceedings.

Power of Court of Appeal as to Costs, &c.

Interpleader may be granted though Titles have not a common Origin.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 58.

Court or Judge may direct Sale of Qood$

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 126.

amend the Law of Property, and to relieve Trustees, and upon such Terms as would be imposed in such Court.

III. Where such Relief shall be granted, the Court or a Judge shall direct a Minute thereof to be made by Indorsement on the Lease or otherwise.

Appeal

IV. Any Order made by a Judge upon an Application for Relief under the Provisions of this Act shall be subject to an Appeal to the Court, and may be discharged, varied, or set aside by the Court, upon such Terms as the Court shall think fit, on Application made thereto by any Party dis-satisfied with such Order.

V. It shall be lawful for the Party against whom the Court makes any Rule or Order in respect of such Relief to appeal from such Rule or Order.

VI. The Courts of Error shall be Courts of Appeal for the Purposes of this Act

VII. No Appeal shall be allowed unless Notice thereof be given in Writing to the opposite Party or his Attorney, and to One of the Masters of the Court, within Four Days after the Decision complained of, or such further Time as may be allowed by the Court or a Judge.

VIII. Notice of Appeal shall be a Stay of Execution, provided Bail to pay the Sum demanded and Costs be given, in like Manner and to the same Amount as Bail in Error, within Eight Days after the Decision complained of, or before Execution delivered to the Sheriff.

IX. The Appeal herein-before mentioned shall be upon a Case to be stated by the Parties (and in case of Difference to be settled by the Court, or a Judge of the Court appealed from), in which Case shall be set forth so much of the Pleadings, Facts, and the Order, Rule, or Judgment objected to as may be necessary to raise the Question for the Decision of the Court of Appeal.

X. The Court of Appeal shall give such Judgment or make such Rule as ought to have been given or made in the Court below, and shall have Power to remit the Cause, with such Directions as they shall think proper; and all such further Proceedings may be taken thereupon as if the Judgment or Rule had been given or made by the Court below.

XI. The Court of Appeal shall have Power to adjudge Payment of Costs, and to order Restitution.

Interpleader Proceedings.

XII. Where an Action has been commenced in respect of a Common Law Claim for the Recovery of Money or Goods, or where Goods or Chattels have been taken or are intended to he taken in Execution under Process issued from any One of the Superior Courts, or from the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster or the Court of Pleas at Durham, and the Defendant in such Action, or the Sheriff or other Officer, has applied for Relief under the Provisions of an Act made and passed in the Session of Parliament held in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable Courts of Law to give Relief against adverse Claims made upon Persons having no Interest in the Subject of such Claims, it shall be lawful for the Court or a Judge to whom such Application is made to exercise all the Powers and Authorities given to them by this Act and the herein-before mentioned Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, though the Titles of the Claimants to the Money, Goods, or Chattels in question, or to the Proceeds or Value thereof, have not a common Origin, but are adverse to and independent of one another.

XIII. When Goods or Chattels have been seized in Execution by a Sheriff or other Officer under Process of the above-mentioned Courts, and some Third Person elaimR to be entitled

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 126.

entitled under a Bill of Sale or otherwise to such Goods or Chattels, by way of Security for a Debt, the Court or a Judge may order a Sale of the whole or Part thereof, upon such Terms as to Payment of the whole or Part of the secured Debt, or otherwise, as they or he shall think fit, and may direct the Application of the Proceeds of such Sale in such Manner and upon such Terms as to such Court or Judge may seem just

XIV. Upon the Hearing of any Rule or Order calling upon Persons to appear and state the Nature and Particulars of their Claims, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge, wherever, from the Smallness of the Amount in dispute or of the Value of the Goods seized, it shall appear to them or him desirable and right 60 to do, at the Request of either Party, to dispose of the Merits of the respective Claims of such Parties, and to determine the same in a summary Manner, upon such Terms as they or he shall think fit to impose, and to make such other Rules and Orders therein as to Costs and all other Matters as may be just.

XV. In all Cases of Interpleader Proceedings, where the Question is ono of Lapr, and the Facts are not in dispute, the Judge shall be at liberty, at his Discretion, to decide the Question without directing an Action or Issue, and, if he shall think it desirable, to order that a Special Case be stated for the Opinion of the Court.

XVI. The Proceedings upon such Case shall, as nearly as may be, be the same as upon a Special Case stated under "The Common Law Procedure Act, 1852 and Error may be brought upon a Judgment upon such Case; and the Provisions of "The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854," as to bringing Error upon a Special Case, shall apply to the Proceedings in Error upon a Special Case under tins Act.

XVII. The Judgment in any such Action or Issue as may be directed by the Court or Judge in any Interpleader Proceedings, and the Decision of the Court or Judge in a summary Manner, shall be final and conclusive against the Parties, and all Persons claiming by, from, or under them.

XVIII. All Rules, Orders, Matters, and Decisions to be made and done in Interpleader Proceedings under this Act (excepting only any Affidavits) may, together with the Declaration in the Cause, if any, be entered of Record, with a Note in the Margin expressing the true Date of such Entry, to the end that the same may be Evidence in future Times, if required, and to secure and enforce the Payment of Costs directed by any such Rule or Order; and every such Rule or Order so entered shall have the Force and Effect of a Judgment in the Superior Courts of Common Law.

Procedure and Practice.

XIX. The Joinder of too many Plaintiffs shall not be fatal, but every Action may be brought in the Name of all the Persons in whom the legal Right may be supposed to exist; and Judgment may be given in favour of the Plaintiffs by whom the Action is brought, or of One or more of them, or, in case of any Question of Misjoinder being raised, then in favour of such One or more of them as shall be adjudged by the Court to be entitled to recover: Provided always, that the Defendant, though unsuccessful, shall be entitled to his Costs occasioned by joining any Person or Persons in whose Favour Judgment is not given, vnle#s otherwise ordered by the Court or a Judge.

XX. Upon the Trial of such Cause a Defendant who has therein pleaded a Set-off may obtain the Benefit of his Set-off by proving either that all the Parties named as Plaintiffs are indebted to him, notwithstanding that One or more of such Plaintiffs was or were improperly joined, or on proving that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who establish their Right to maintain the Cause is or are indebted to him.

XXI. No other Action shall be brought against the Defendant by any Person so joined as Plaintiff in respect of the same Cause of Action.

XXII. The Provisions of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Nine.-teenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred

£53

seised in Execution.

Power to Court or Judge to decide gum- manly in certain Cases.

Special Case . may be stated

where Facts undisputed.

Proceedings on Special Case in Court below and in Error.

Judgment and Decision when to be fins). 1

Rules, Orders, &c. made in Interpleader Proceedings may be entered of Record and made Evidence.

Joinder as Plaintiffs of . all Persons sup* posed to be legally entitled.

Defendant to have Benefit of Set-off, though some Plaintitfj improperly joined.

No other Action for same Claim to be brought.

Provisions of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 108. as to

§§ft

28°l & 24T VilOnOKIj, '- c/128;

Repteyia ex-, , cjght>, which relate to Replevin, shall be deemed and taken to apply; tb all of

tended to all Repleviu, iiv like Manner as to the Cases of Replevin of' Goods distrained for Debt di

gses oflk-, Damage feasant

Payment into Court in Be* /' pie Tin.

Effe^, ofoq#bt/: Pf^ywenU 1(; t

n-Mt m t ni t< *

Payrherit into1

1 tf

] , .ft

XXIII. The Plaintiff in Replevin may in answer to an Avowry pay Money Into Coijrt in satisfaction, in like Manner and subject to the same Proceedings as to Costs and otherwise as upon a Payment into Court by a Defendant in other Actions.

11XXXV. ' Such: Piyment into Court in Replevin shall not, nor shall the by* the Defendant in Satisfaction, work a Forfeiture of the Replevin Bond.

J|1XXVJ In any' Action brought upon a. Rond which has a Condition or Defeaaaqoe: to on'MoneAiStJ<I, a "a^e Void ' tlje same, upon Payment of a lesser Sum, ata /Pay or Place certain, with/a Bonds, and Penalty, and in any Action for detaining the Goods of the Plaintiff, it shall be lawful for

- ' Shall

in respect

Goods aUneed

fo be detained; and such Payment into Court shall be made and pleaded in like Manner* ' ' add according to the Provisions of "The Common Law Procedure Act, 1852; !' and the) like Proceedings may be had and taken thereupon as to Costs and otherwise .:

JSg n XXVI. No Writ of Right of Dower or Writ of Dower: unde nihil habet, and no Pklhf Dowct, and fear iFfed Bench or Dower in the Nature/ of any such Writ, and ho Qnare itnpedit, shall he1 Qnare impedit brought after the Commencement of this Act in any Court whatsoever; but where any Ked Action *, 8U0^ Wnt, Action, or Plaint would now lie, either in a Superior or in any other Cnurtyan and be torn .: Ae4k>n may be Commenced by Writ of Summons issuing otit Of the Court of Comrndn 'Pleas, menced by in the 'same Manner and Fotm a&the Writ of Summons in an onfinary Action; ahd! tipoft WritofBnm-: aneh Writ shall be endorsed a Notice that the Plaintiff intends to declare ih Dower, oh fdt' FreeBendh^ or is Qnare impedit, as the Case may be., n 1 .u:

, >v I / . I; 1/ .{I i L, n*:4 II-. Vi .'lit 111

XXVII. The Service of the Writ, Appearance of the Defendant, Proceedings in default of ^upe^rancej Ple^di^gs, Judgyreot, .Execution, a»d all other Proceeding aid C&itariijion euch' W^it, shall be subject to the sau^e joules aMi Practice^ 43 nearly 1 pb may be, ao -tbU Proceedings in p ordinary Action commenced by Writ of SmiUimUB i and i ithe .Pi^viaionsi of "The (. /ommoii Law ^Procedure Act, 185% " and of f' The Qomimob Law Prooedhrai Actvt I^5W* 8^1apply to yie Writ and Pleadiag8, and Proceedioga thereupon- i: j.» .:r-r n>

XXVIII. in Proceedings td obtain an Attachment of Debts under u Tile Opmuidn Taiv

Writ, and all Proceedings

be same as in

ordinary

Actions.

Judge may refuse to interfere in Proceedings to ach Debts.

atta<

IT

Procedure Act, 1854, ", the Judge tnay, in his Diibretion, refuse tb ihterfe^y TvIiere/ frelhj the Smallness of the Amount to be rboove^ed, ofr of the Debt sought t6 'be atttahied, ' or otherwise, the Remedy sought would be worthless or vexatious., j j; / y y y

iXXIKh Wheile^ to tibidin an Attachment of Debts tindei4

abOvambntioned it is suggested{by the Garnidhfee that the Ddbt 'sought to be atfeuih^i1

bdbngstosome Third Person who has a lieu or Charge upon it, the Judge to&f bWfeh

surth Third: Petrsdn to appear before him, tad state the ^attire and Particulars of his' Claim

upon such Debt ..... *! - *: r , rt " 1 ' 1

XXX, After hearing the Allegations of such ^h^d Person t under suth Orden.and iofi

any other Person whom by the same or fny su, Wq, uept (Order the Judge wy ithinkf^t|>io)

MU miUM. call before him, or in case of such Third Person not appearing before him upon such Sum-

Orders. ^mpns, the Judge may order Execution to.iss^ej tp levy tpe Amount 4UC fpo^eu(fh

f, ''; ^o^'the Jhd^ment, Creditor to proceed against the Garnifihpe> according to; the Prpvjpi

, i i a'The; CpiSmon Law Procedure Act, ' 1854/^and \te..may, h^r, the .Clairuj sudi, Th|rdl}

Person, Or make such other Order as hje shall tpink fit, upon puch Aft |Canof, t

respect tiO ^he Lien or Charge (if any) of such '{Third Person, and to Qos^ ashe 6hftUJ'4whR

just'and reasonable. ', , , ' 1 in f

Provisions of XXXL The Provisions of M The Common Law Procedure Act, 11854" so far ki the^ c/iw!toTlSiy a1^ *w4*dabU; shall appl^ito any Order, and the Proceeding's thereon, mkde and tuhtett ih to Orders. P purteuancfrof the hereinmelxt before mentioned Powetfs^under this Act.

XXXII. In

Pro^cOdiags

Person has a Lien on the Debt.

Judge may bar Claim of Third Person, and make

28!l&)24fViICrItORIiB, -

65S

XXXII. In all Cases in lwhioh a Writ of Manctemua or of Injnhotion is idsu6a ilndisfr ihfc CodEs of Writs Prcwfiwn^ of The Gonamon' Law1 ProeeSum Act, 1864, v Such WritfehaM, uhlees otlteri of Manaus 'J wise ordered by the Court or a Judge, in addition to the Matter directed to be ifciertra therein, command the Defendant to my to the Plaintiff the Costa afprepafing^ isauipg, and elided tmu>, , m sdch Writ and\JPayment qi «uch Coats may. he enforce4 iff the; Wrka.ii jw.j

Cdats payable under a Rule of Court axe now by, Law enforceable; ) flT j l(m <; J< |i; <A> *mv , 1(l

%, X^XIII. Writs of Iiywnotion against a Corporation may be enforc^i^itbeor" by^ Aitifch-ment against the Directors or pfcher Officers thereof, as in the Case of a Maddarmij, ctf- by f7in°un^if Writ of Sequestration against their Property, and Effects, , to be issued in such Fonp ^nd (

tdsted and rest'ur^fable itl lik^ Manlier as Writs bf'Execution, aiad to be proceeded. upon £nd pwition*. executed ill Hke Mkmnfet as{ Write of Sequestration issuing out of the^ Court of Chancery,

11 XXXIV. When the Plaintiff hi any Action1 for an alleged^Wrong m any of the Courts recovers by the Verdict of a Jury les^ thph Fiye Pounds; he spall not tie entitled to

ot obtain from the defendant any Costs whatever in respect of suet Verdict, whetjiei; and given ti^on !any Ifestie or Issues tried, or Judgment passed by Default, in case the Judge or Verdict less presiding Officer before whom such Verdict is obtained shall immediately afterwards certify 6i* tf on the Back of the Record, or ^On 'the Writ of Trial or Writ of Inquiry, that the Action Judgecertifies

* Tru*'J

t <>lf. fUl

l*nu

.1' 'I! 11 ' hi 70l

Costs not recoverable in

1)M(,

ly^.npt really brought to try a Right besideB the mere Bight totrj&oyer-Dimag'es/arid! that the Trespasp or Grievance in respect of which the Action waa brought1 tots Itot wilfal iaBd ijraaliciou^ and that the Action was sot fit to be brought. -i .: :ii .n nl

n.'J'aii_ .'i- ' {'* '* >; S'- '=* u n-Tji

(3^CXV. Tl^e Eighty-eighth Section of "The Common Law Pfcooednre Act, 1864r" shall Enactment *, ^p a^di}s(hereOT, i?ep?alo4; ., a^<i from and after the paesitg of i this! Act thorSi£eriorCdirtit o^f^T'JndgCj thereof jpaj> upon summary! Application* by1 Kille^ oi OrdferJ aterois^shoh nk'ieVkim and the like Jurisdiction as may he exercised by the Churt of Chancery under the Provision^ c. 125. of the Ninth Part of "The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, "; j

ii'iXXXVI.' It shall be lawful fdr the Superior Courts of Common Law, afad ieVery Ju<?ge thhreef, and any Judge sittingin Nisi Prius, at all Times to amend ajl Defects' and Error^ inanyFVdceediiigs under the Provisions of* this Act, whether there is anything ny Wiring, to ohaend by or 'not, and whether the Defect or Error he that of the Party applying to amend or not; and all such Amendments may be made with or without Costs, and upon such T^enpe, 08 to, the Gpurt or Judge npay seem fit, and all such Amendments as; tnay bo' fie&s-jfor.tWPurpooe of determining in the existing Suit the realQueBtion in/coxtarOvereyi b^tv^eep, the parties shallbesomade, if duly applied fot, ..n< I:

XXXVII. It shall be lawful for the Judges of the said Courts, or any Eight or more of General Rules them, of upborn the Chiefs of each of the said Courts shall, be Three, from Time to /Tind^to 1

ma^e afi such.^ General Rules and Orders, for the effectual Exeoution of this Act nnd of the y

ilit bun .tnV/

>%LIJ L- i f

AmSnau^: '1;

ynoi'vA

/ t:r«l ) f f, r , t, s .»t

, r i in 1 tt Ol 'J i 1 ' t " *

i''Vi lt''hl)N

fill no

101.L

mmL

I .1.

Iptfeption and Q^ect thereof, and for fixing theiCosts to be, allowedifOr and in respect of th«i ^atters herein contained, and the/Performance thereof, as in thear Judgment shall be-necessary or proper, and for that Purpose to meet from Time to Time as Occasion may! require; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to restrain the Authority W limit the Jurisdiction of the said Courts or of the Judges thereof to make Rules pjr Ordeib, *r otherwise to tegulate and dispose of the Business therein.

-nv.-r' \: ' - 1 i

XXXVIII. Stich new or altered Writs and Forms of Proceedings may he issued, entered, New Forms afid taken as toay by the Judges of the said Counts, or any Eight or more of them, of whom. w!?cj-

the Chiefs of each of the said Courts shall be Three, bfe deemecj necessary or expedient, for rings. giving Effect to the Provisions herein-before contained, and in such Forms as the Judges , of. sufeh Gotiris respectively shall from Time to Time think fit to order; and such Writs and Proceedings shall be acted upon and enforced in such and the same Manner as Writs and ' Prqpfledings of, the aaid Cjourts are, now acted upon, and enforeed, er as neAr theretxyW the Ci^cmjistanee8, of the Case will admit; and any existing Writ or Proppeding the Form of which shall he in any Ma^nef.altered in, piirspanfte ef thas^Act shall mexartheleesi he of the i uL WA V A 8ame

m

Interpretation of Terms.

Provisions relating to Superior Courts to apply to Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and Court of Pleas at Durham.

Provisions as to Masters of Courts at Westminster to apply to Prothonotaries of Palatinate Courts.

As to Proceedings in Appeal

[Commencement of Act.]

Her Majesty may direct all or Part of this Act to extend to any Court of Record.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Act.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 126.

same Force and Virtue as if no Alteration had been made therein, except as far as the Effect thereof may be varied by this Act

XXXIX. In the Construction of this Act the Word " Court " shall be understood to mean any One of the Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster; and the Word (t Judge " shall be understood to mean a Judge or Baron of any of the said Courts; and the Word " Master" shall be understood to mean a Master of any of the said Courts; and the Word " Action " shall be understood to mean any Aotkm in any of the said Courts.

XL. All the Enactments and Provisions of this Act shall extend and apply to the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and the Court of Pleas at Durham, and Actions and Proceedings therein respectively, subject to the following Modifications: All the Powers given by this Act to the Judges of the said Superior Courts of Common Law at Westminster to make General Rules and Orders shall and may be exercised by the respective Judges of the Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and Court of Pleas at Durham, being Judges of One of the said Common Law Courts at Westminster, or any Two of them respectively, with respect to the said Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and Court of Pleas at Durham respectively, and Matters and Proceedings therein within the Jurisdiction of the same Courts respectively; and all Powers under this Act exercisable by any One Judge of the Superior Courts at Westminster shall and may be exercisable by One Judge of the said Superior Courts of the said Counties Palatine, being also a Judge of One of the said Courts at Westminster, as to Matters and Proceedings in the said Superior Courts of the said Counties Palatine.

XLI. Provided always, That all the Provisions of this Act applicable to Masters of the said Courts at Westminster shall apply to the respective Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas at Durham and their respective Deputies, who may singly exercise, with reference to Matters and Proceedings in the last-mentioned Courts respectively, the Powers hereby given to any One or more of the Masters of the Superior Courts at Westminster.

XLII. Provided also, as to Proceedings in Appeal, that the Court of Queen's Bench, being the Court of Error from the said Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster and Court of Pleas at Durham, shall also be the Court of Appeal from the said respective Courts for the Purposes of this Act.

XLIII. The Provisions of this Act shall come into operation on the Tenth Day of October in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

XLIV. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, from Time to Time, by any Order in Council, to direct that all or any Part of the Provisions of this Act, or of the Rules to be made in pursuance thereof, shall apply to all or any Court or Courts of Record in England and Wales, and within One Month after such Order shall have been made and published in the London Gazette such Provisions and Rules respectively shall extend and apply in manner directed by such Order, and any such Order may be in like Manner from Time to Time altered and annulled; and in and by any such Order Her Majesty may direct by whom any Powers or Duties incident to the Provisions applied under this Act shall and may be exercised with respect to Matters in such Court or Courts, and may make any Order or Regulations which may be deemed requisite for oarrying into operation in such Court or Courts the Provisions so applied.

XLV. In citing this Act in any Instrument, Document, or Proceeding it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " The Common Law Procedure Act, 1860."

XLVI. Nothing in this Act shall extend to Ireland or Scotland.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 127.

55JT.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 73.

7 , & 8 Vict. c. 86.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 88.

Interprets 00 of Terra*.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Attorneys, Solicitors, Proctors, and Certificated Conveyancers.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Sixth and Seventh Years c of Her Majesty, intitulea An Act for consolidating and amending several of the Laws relating to Attorneys and Solicitors practising in England and Wales, and an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her Majesty, intituled

An Act for the Relief of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors who have omitted to enrol their (Contracts; and for amending the Law relating to the Enrolment of such Contracts, and to ' the Disabilities of such Clerks, in certain Cases: And whereas by an Act passed in the ' Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attorneys and Solicitors, the Privileges;

granted by the said Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty to Persons having taken certain Degrees in the Universities therein mentioned were extended to Persons having taken the like Degrees in the Queen's University in Ireland: And whereas it is

expedient to amend the said Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty, and the Laws relating to Proctors and Certificated Conveyancers, in manner herein-after

mentioned Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice, and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, m this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

I. In the Construction of this Act, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction, the Word " Attorney" shall mean Attorney of One or more of the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, or of the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, or of the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham; the Word " Solicitor" shall mean Solicitor of the High Court of Chancery; the Word "Registrar" shall mean Registrar of Attorneys and Solicitors; the Expression "the Roll of Attorneys and Solicitors kept by the Registrar" shall mean the Roll or Book,

Rolls or Books of Attorneys and Solicitors, which by the first herein-before mentioned Act the Registrar is required to keep; and the Expression " the Incorporated Law Society *

shall mean " the Incorporated Society of Attorneys, Solicitors, Proctors, and others, not' being Barristers, practising in the Courts of Law and Equity of the United Kingdom."

II. Section Seven of the first herein-before mentioned Act shall be repealed, and any Persons having Person having taken the Degree of Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Laws in the University

of Oxford, Cambridge, Dublin, Durham, or London, or in the Queen's University in Ireland, vereitie* may V or the Degree of Bachelor of Arts, Master of Arts, Bachelor of Laws, or Doctor of Laws, be admitted in any of the Universities of Scotland, none of such Degrees being honorary Degrees, and who at any Time after having taken such Degree, and either before or after the passing of this Act, has been bound by and has duly served under Articles of Clerkship to a practising-Attorney or Solicitor for the Term of Three Years, and has been examined and sworn in manner directed by the first herein-before mentioned Act and by this Act, may be admitted1 and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor, and Service for any Part of the said Term not exceeding One Year with the London Agent of such Attorney or Solicitor in the Business,

Practice, or Employment of an Attorney or Solicitor, either by virtue of any Stipulation in such Articles, or with the Permission of such Attorney or Solicitor, shall be and be deemed to have been good Service under such Articles for such Part of the said Term; and where any Person has before the passing of this Act, and at any Time after having taken such Degree, been bound as aforesaid for Five Years, he may, after having duly served Three 1

Years of such Term in such Manner as would have been required if he had been bound for Three Years only, and having been examined and sworn as aforesaid, and with the Consent in Writing (endorsed on hie Articles of Clerkship) of the Attorney or Solicitor to whom he may be bound, to the immediate Determination of his Articles of Clerkship, be admitted and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor; and where such Consent is given as aforesaid, and acted upon under this Provision by the Person hereby made eligible to be admitted

and

Persons having been at the Bar if ay be admitted after Three Years / Service.

Persons having been bona fide Clerks to

Attorneys, 1 u Solicitors. or ' Piwtora for 1 Ten Years may be ad-niUteiraft^r Three Yeat*s Service.

t t. - t

I.

23-"'& 24* VfCniORTiBi!. C/.125?.

and enrolled as aforesaid, the Articles of Clerkship shall he deemed to ham determined as if they bad determined by Effluxion of-Time. > *!, i«

III. Every Person who has been called to the Degree of Utter Barrister iri England, and who, before becoming such Barrister, has been bound by Contract in Writing to! iefve as a Clerk for the Term of Five Years, or who, after ceasing to be a Barrister* has been bbimd by Contract in Writing to serve as a Clerk for the Term of Thrbe Yearej tali practising Attorney1 or Solicitor, and has in either of the said Cases, continued in i such Service for the Tetm of Three Years* and during the whole of such Three Yearn served in such Marine* its is hereinbefore required in the Cate of Persons^wko havi taken Degrees in the said Universities* and having bebn i examined and eworn as aforesaid, afterlithb Expiration bf such Term bf Three Years (the Examination and Swearing taking plabo, in the fltetarientioned Case> after the Person has ceased to be a Barrister), may be admitted and enrolled as ad Attorney or Solicitors Provided. always* that id the Case of any, mkjH Person as aforesaid who haA been bound for ^Five i Years, it shall be nebessary for suob Term to be determined with Consent, as herein-before providedm the Caee of FeUsons having takeh Degrees, who may have bebn bound for Five Years before the passing -a* this Act. '» ' i I

IV. Any Person who, either before or after the passing of this Act, shal} for Thb Term of Ten Years have been a bona fide Clerk to an Attorney, ' Solicitor, or Procter^ bf AftBr-aejtei Solictors, ' on Procters, and during that Term Shall have! been bendjkfa engugedlip/the T^adsaetSom and Performance, under thq Direction and Superintendence of sudbt. Attorney* 'Solicitor, Or Proctor, or Attorneys, Solicitors* or Proctors of, such Mattered are usually transacted and perforated, by Attorneys SoUcitors* and Proctors* >|aad who shall produce te the Examiners i satisfactory; Evidence thfct behas faithfully, honestly, and diligently served is such Clerk, mid who After the Expirktioa of the said Term of Xen Yb&tp hosbeen bound by and bris; duly served under Articles of Clerkship to a practising Atibru$J!* Solicitor, oi' Proctor for the Term of Three Years* and haa been examined snd SWQTO JP inanuer directed by the first bereua-fbefare mentioned Actt and by tim Act, may be, admitted and enrolled as an Attorney and iSoHcitor; or Pjroqtor, and Service for any Part of Term not Exceeding One Yeqr with the London Agent of such Attorney or Solicitor Procter in; the proper Business, Practice, or Employment of an Attorney, SolipkoR, , pr Proctor, either by virtue of: any Stipulation in such Articles, or, with the Permififiiop of such Attorney, Solicitor* or Proctor, shall be and be deemed to hfrve beep good Servij^ under such Articles for such Part of the said Term; and where any such Persqu^hq!, birfoPe the passing of this Act* been bomld for Fivo Years* he may, after; having dejyjtfpjrvrfl Three Years: of such Term; in such Manner as .Would haye been required if , he b#4 bbflrt bound for Three Years; only, and having been examined And sworn as aforesaid, Apd with the Consent in Writing (endorsed on his Articles of Clerkship), of the .Attorney, So&tito& or Procter to whoxp he pi ay be bound* to the immediate Determination of fos Artides of Clerkship be admitted ^nd enrolled as an Attorney and Solicitor; and where'stick COTsept is giv^n, as aforesaid, prid acted upon under this Provision by thb Person hirtebyWde eligibly to be admitted and enrolled ris aforesaid, the Articles of Clerkship1 sh&ll b^derftibij to nave determined as if they had determined by Effluxion of Time.

Judges may make Regulations for Persons who have passed certain Examinations before Articles to be admitted after Four Years Service.

. .ij '>; nA Sect fii'of;

7 Vic* c.Td, ettnkM

i I Ti >

V. The Lords Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common. P; leaa, a^l the Lord Chief Bfeuron of the Court of Exchequer, jointly with the Master of the Pollf, may, if they think fit, from Time to Time, by Regulations to] be made by them, direptfftfcat any Person {having successfully passed any Examination now or hereafter to be es^bhsh^fl iin any of the Universities herein-before mentioned, and to be specified in such Regulat^M, may be admitted and enrolled «ub in Attorney or ^tolieitor, after having been subseqpenjjy bound by, and having duly served under, Articles of Clerkship to a practising qr

SdUwitor for. the Term of Four Years, and been exsmnned and sworn as Aforesaid; j toe said Judges may from Time to Time revoke or acter such Regulations; as they think 4ft* opt not so as to allow a less Term of Service than Four Years.

w YI, Section Six of the, first bereirt-before^i^tiarted Actt-sbaUt apply$s Person bound as therein mentioned aa a Clerk jtq a prapti^g Attorney or Solicitor,

r'1: ? 1 7 A / iVT&m

23?i&'2i! VICfnaRM, :<v, 127J

Term of Fonp Years only, where 'under tire said Regulations that Term is-sufEdiaut, act to any Person so bound for the Term of Five Years, and shall be read, and' oowotvued accordingly.,

VII. The Contract or Articles whereby any Person shall be bound to serveas a Clerk to any Attorney or Solicitor, and also any Assignment thereof, Shall, within, Three Months after the same has dr have been respectively enrolled and tegistered pursuant to, the first hereinbefore mentioned Act, be produced to the Registrar, who shall enter the Npflaef 06 the Parties (tirand; the Date Off suck (Contract or Arti^Ss, and! also, of such ifany, ind the Term of Service; fin a Book to be kept for that Purpose and tjheRegietiwr shall mark such Contract'or .* Articled, and such Assignment, if any, ae having been ad jprftj dnced apd entered, with the Date-thereofland shall (be entitled , to rfecaive a^FeeefFivo Shillings for the Entry of Such Contract or Articles'; atdthelike Fee for suck: Aesiggpie#^ if any, and such Book shall be open to |>ulkHo Inspection during, Office Hours! wfilthwt fee ttr Rewdrd; and in case such Contxaht or Articles; and such Astignteehh if any. beiPdt .sp produ^khtoandentered by the Registrar ab- aforesaid within isuch Three Months t^s hfototuid, the Service of the Cleric ehidl be reckoned. to oonuneSee from the Lsfte of , 8f*ck Production and Entry, unless upon an Application, of which Notice shall be gives* to. the Rgsnstr^r, One of the, Superior, Courts of Low at Westminster, or a Judge, thereof, or a of phapc^ry^ shall otherwise order. ^: n, , (>

VIII. The Iiofcder Chief Justic<ta of the Choita-<rf 1 Queen s Bench I and CJomnioH Pie*i, oftd1 *hd 'Lafc*Chief Ba*on of the Oburt of Exctoqubr, ^ij^Atly)wifthilitbtMaBter of AftbueJte, ifttiyffotoi1 Thrte th Tiriie nDy^e llegidationa for the Examittijition jnjsodi Brattobeitff jgetfefal Knowledge As - they «ay deem propel of mil Befsonsi (nbt ^tawing'taken /Degrees^ or ktifcce&tfhfly phasedj eneh-univertdty Examinations as aforesaid) herdaffcr becoming «(btinAd lind^rifArticles of Clortahip to Altprbeys or Solicit^re^ and ihi i said Judges/ (W K*-£tilatfonsm&yrequiteieooh Examination to be phased/before Person© eoi befcomfe 'botifcd^Gr* ttti any Time lbefore ^heir Admission 1n& Atteeae's dr Solicitor8> ii8 toithebaid ^JiWlgba mdy aeero fit, and tjife had Jridgwmay from Titee to > Time: revoke 1 ar aiteriany: auoh iRegttlatibnias they think iit^ rind may frem Time to Time appoint/Exarainlersfor- boa-Tdudtibg WebEXEUttin&tioila* aforesaid, and 1J0 Person required to pass sudhrExaminatidh %half be etfpablo of being bound ' no ^dbitesaid, where buoh Ebraniinatfon is acquired 1 to 1 be passed beifore beings bourn); 6t 6f being admitted 40 ian/ Atformgr: dr Solicsiidr whooe^*ufch ©xanlidation iBpfemrittad to be ^asand iit any Time befot^ AchmseioD; unlew- bdforfe ibeing bobi^ or'bedbref beittg admitted (as 'the Cake ma/^raquiftjf iheto^ Examinersia

C ertifiekt of1 having ^atiafflctdrily passed isnch 1 Examination 0 ^Provided always, (that 'tthte taid Jufdged/br 'any One or fhore if4hem, may^ wh&eunder special Circumstanced theyTtV «eb to dd, dispense With Compliance Withnsodb Regulations entirety ior ^aitfiiilljf, tattny &ia^<3budftion& ae 'to thein of himlmayiseeaai fit. .:7 tw m ^i ') r>:h

(l., I^; )The itgrdslcjiief, the, '{Cfpurtf of^ueenyfeenpli and ^oinmdji'lfieaa^n|l

tl^pra C-hi^f Baton of tl*e VP^t of|E?obeguerf jointly with the Master of the lldlls^ may (from -Tippe to Time, if they see mute Regulations for tlve Examination of Perisons hereafter becoming bouna pi^der Articles oif C^rkehip as aforesaid, m su^h Times 9r Periodjs of their Service under such Articles as the said Judges may think fit and direct, in order !td ascertain the Progress mode bty sUeh Persona in acquiring the Knowledge necessary ' for tendering them fit end capable to act as Attorneys w Solicitors, and isuch Bxamidatiin 'sJMU be cotidttdted by the! Examiners appointed 'under the fimt^ heiteimmentiobed, Ant, ktiOl^ other1 Examiners aar' the said Judges may from Time to>Time/ajip»iot/ih tdns

5-10

to Persons articled for Pour Years

-iiu'i .T

Artioteeiof *-«f

Clerkship tw

theiU^sttai^J and ententd

within Three Months from Enrolment.

Vl-i! Mlu.f .'I . ni

Jnd nJ

"mKS-7

amiMUoai

wlw

ledg^ei^w, hefora Af twte or ^efd^e A^ *

Power to ais pense therewith in special Cases.

61

Bfeliiflfiaiid the said Judges may1, by such liegulatiotofl, in the (>«e cyf Pfersbna'whoi fiul 'fo JraiB ench 'Examination to the Stttfefaotion of1 the 'Esamiaers!, ' pbelpimeyi eitheri fomra 'AefiidtO Time or suck Tiriie as the1 sSrd Exaiibners may rn each 'Case tkidir proper^ anti eijlitir conditionally or Otherwise; the Examination required lo be paned atlthe Expiratiob of the Term of Service under Articles and before Admission: ' i c d v. n: i Juluc-.

X. No Person hereafter bound by Articles of Clerkship to any Attorney or Solicitor

Judges may require an Examination in legal Knowledge daring Articles.

vi:iff ?.-i±'U:, T,

/I v; !j, rn -T*/f 'i«'1 Kif*>Ir V /iji(oil an->?. no.lTiV />

Kelvin/, 'no'tvd i) »jii(jr!>t or Tool vtilr, .*>')SU'.b I

Articled Clerks not tpi hiiid > & other, Ofiftce^oi Kw#i»r«w.

Examination before Admission to extend to all Matters of Business usually transacted or performed by Attorneys or Solicitors.

Where the Three, Four, or Five Years expire in any Vacation, Examination may take place in Term preceding such Vacation.

Persons not to be admitted in Palatine Courts without Examination.

Attorneys or Solicitors of the Courts of Lancaster and Durham may be admitted to Court of Chancery and Superior Courts of Law at Westminster.

Persons admitted as Writers to the Signet, &c.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 127.

Solicitor, and his Partner or Partners (if any) in the Business, Practice, or Employment of an Attorney or Solicitor, save as by the first herein-before mentioned Act or this Act otherwise provided; and every Person bound as aforesaid shall, before being admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, prove by the Affidavit required under Section Fourteen of the first herein-before mentioned Act that he has not held any Office or engaged in any Employment contrary to this Enactment, and the Form of such Affidavit as aforesaid shall be varied by such Addition thereto as may be necessary for this Purpose.

XI. The Examination which under the first herein-before mentioned Act or this Act is authorized and required touching the Fitness and Capacity of a Person to act as an Attorney or as a Solicitor (as the Case may be), after the Expiration of the Term of his Service under Articles and before his Admission as .an Attorney or Solicitor, shall be deemed to include such Examination touching his Fitness and Capacity to act in Matters of Business usually transacted or performed by Attorneys or Solicitors as the Examiners for the Time being deem proper, subject nevertheless to any Rules, Orders, or Regulations for conducting the said Examination to be from Time to Time made in manner provided by the first herein-before mentioned Act.

XII. Whenever any of the Periods of Three Years, Four Years, and Five Years mentioned in this Act or in the first herein-before mentioned Act (whether the same Period shall have commenced before or after the passing of this Act) shall expire in any Vacation, then and in such Case any Person whose Period of Clerkship shall so expire shall be at liberty to pass his Examination in the Term immediately preceding the said Vacation; and at any Time in or after such Vacation, and after the said Period of Clerkship shall have expired, the Master of the Rolls as to the Court of Chancery and any One of the Judges as to the Courts of Common Law at Westminster, on being satisfied by Affidavit or otherwise that the Period of Clerkship of such Person has expired, may proceed to administer to him the Oath mentioned in the first herein-before mentioned Act and the Oath of Allegiance, and may do all other Acts necessary for or towards the Admission and Enrolment of such Person as an Attorney and Solicitor as provided in the said last-mentioned Act.

XIII. No Person hereafter bound by Articles of Clerkship to any Attorney of the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, or of the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham, shall be capable of being admitted and enrolled as an Attorney of such respective Court, unless after the Expiration of his Term of Service he have been examined touching his Articles and Service, and his Fitness and Capacity to act as an Attorney of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, or a Solicitor of the High Court of Chancery, in like Manner as is required before Admission as an Attorney of the said Courts of Law, or One of them, or a Solicitor of the Court of Chancery, and the Judge or Judges of such respective Court of the County Palatine of Lancaster or Durham be satisfied by such Examination, or the Certificate of the Examiners, of his being qualified to act as an Attorney or Solicitor: Provided always, that the Enactments contained in the Twelfth Section of this Act shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to Persons hereafter bound by Articles of Clerkship to Attorneys of the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham respectively, and to the Judges of those Courts respectively.

XIV. All Persons who previously to the passing of this Act shall have been duly admitted and enrolled Attorneys or Solicitors of the Courts of the Counties Palatine; of Lancaster and Durham, or either of them, shall and may be admitted and enrolled Attorneys and Solicitors of the High Court of Chancery, and in Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, without further Examination, upon Payment of such Fees and Duty as by Law required: Provided always, that stjch Admission and Enrolment be perfected on or before the First Day of Trinity Term One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

XV. Every Person who has been admitted and enrolled as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Solicitor in the Supreme Courts of Scotland, or as a Procurator before any of the Sheriff Courts of Scotland, and who, after being so admitted and enrolled, has been bound by and

23° & 24° VICTORIA, o. 127.

and has duly served under Articles of Clerkship in England or Wales to a practising Attorney or Solicitor for the Term of Three Years, and has been examined and sworn in manner directed by the first herein-before mentioned Act and by this Act, may be admitted and enrolled as an Attorney and Solicitor; and Service for any Part of the said Term not exceeding One Year with the London Agent of such Attorney or Solicitor in the proper Business, Practice, or Employment of an Attorney or Solicitor, either by virtue of any Stipulation, or with the Permission of such Attorney or Solicitor, shall be and be deemed to have been good Service under such Articles for such Part of the said Term.

XVI. In every Case where by statutory Provision or by Custom the Qualification of a Solicitor or Attorney to hold any Office is his having been admitted and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor a prescribed Period, every Person who either before the passing of this Act has been or hereafter shall be called to the Degree of Utter Barrister in England, and who having been subsequently disbarred has been admitted and enrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor, shall, in lieu of such Qualification as aforesaid, be qualified to hold any such Office on the Completion of the prescribed Period, to be reckoned from the Date of such Person being called to the Degree of an Utter Barrister in England.

XVII. The Masters or other Officers having respectively the Custody of the Rolls or Books kept for the Enrolment of Attorneys or Solicitors in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, the Court of Chancery, the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, and the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, shall, within Seven Days after the End of every Term, transmit to the Registrar, at the Expense of such Registrar, a Copy, under the Hands of such Masters or Officers respectively, or under the Seals of their respective Courts, of such Rolls or Books, so far as the same relate to Attorneys or Solicitors enrolled within such Term.

XVIII. From and after the Fifteenth Day of November next after the passing of this ^Lct, instead of separate annual stamped Certificates for Attorneys and Solicitors to be issued by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue as now required by Law, the Stamp Duties chargeable on such Certificates shall be denoted upon the Registrar's Certificates; and upon any such Certificate being stamped accordingly, and the Date of the Payment of the Duty certified by the proper Officer by Writing under his Hand, or by other sufficient Means, the same shall be and be deemed the proper stamped Certificate required by Law to be taken out by the Attorney or Solicitor named therein.

XIX. For determining the Rate of Stamp Duty payable on the Certificate, the Place or Places where the Attorney or Solicitor shall carry on his Business shall be deemed to be the Place or Places of his Residence, within the Meaning of the Acts relating to the Stamp Duties on Certificates; and after the said Fifteenth Day of November the Declaration required to be delivered to the Registrar for the Purpose of obtaining his Certificate, and also the Certificate to be granted thereon, shall accordingly specify the Place or Places where the Attorney or Solicitor by or for whom the Certificate is required so carries on his Business, and shall respectively be in the Forms (A.) and (B.) contained in the Schedule to this Act.

XX. The Declaration required to be made for the Purpose of obtaining the Registrar's Certificate shall be made out and signed in Duplicate, and One of such Duplicates shall be delivered to and left with the Registrar, and the other produced to him, and the Duplicate so produced, together with the Certificate granted on such Declaration, shall be left with the Commissioners, or their proper Officer, on applying to have the Certificate stamped, and shall be and be deemed the Note in Writing required by Law to be delivered to the Commissioners, or their Officer, to entitle the Attorney or Solicitor to a stamped Certificate; and for every such Certificate issued by the Registrar, and the previous requisite Search and Inquiry, there shall be paid to him the Sum of Five Shillings, and the Registrar shall yearly render an Account of all Sums of Money received in respect thereof, and of the Application of the same, to the Lords Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, jointly with the Master of the Rolls, who may from Time to Time, by Order under their Hands,

4 B 2 diminish

m

may be enrolled as Attorneys and Solicitors.

Provision as to Admission to Offices of Solicitors who have been Utter Barristers.

Officers having Custody of Roll of Attorneys and Solicitors to transmit to Registrar Copies of Enrolments at the End of each Term.

Registrar's Certificates to be made the stamped Certificates of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

The Amount of Stamp Duty to be determined by the Place of Business.

The Declaration, on applying for the Registrar's Certificate, to be in Duplicate, and One Copy to be left with the Commissioners. Fees for Registrar's Certificate and for the Examinations.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c, 127.

diminish such Sum as they think fit; and the said Lords Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, jointly with the Master of the Rolls, by Order under their Hands, may also fix and regulate the Fees to be taken for the several Examinations by this Act authorized to be instituted, and may increase or diminish such Fees from Time to Time: Provided always, that a Copy of such Account so rendered as aforesaid shall be open to the Inspection of any Attorney or Solicitor at the Hall of the Incorporated Law Society, t i

Certified* to XXI. Foff enabling the Registrar to enter upon the Roll of Attorneys and Solicitors the^'^ar^1 kept ^7 him a Note or Minute of the Time of stamping every Certificate, the Commie* the Cotnmis- sioneva fchall, whenever the same shall be required after the Fifteenth Day of February m, sioners to sup- every Year, furnish to the Registrar an Account of the Certificates issued between the wL^stamTOd Day of November and the Second Day of January preceding, for which during the!

before 20°°^ Period the Stamp Duties have been paid, specifying the Names and Places of Business January. of the Parties respectively to or for whom the same have been issued, and the Dates ofi Payment of the Stamp Duties; or in lieu of such Account, the Commissioners at their Option shall return to the Registrar the aforesaid Duplicate Declarations to which such Certificates relate, with a Note or Memorandum on each of them specifying the Date or Payment of the Stamp Duty for the Certificate; and the Registrar snail upon such Account f being furnished, or such Duplicate Declarations being returned to him as aforesaid* enter. Where stamped such Note or Minute as aforesaid; and in order to such Entry being made in respect of j^uary Cer- Certificates stamped at any other Time, every such last-mentioned Certificate shall, within tificate to be a Month of the Payment of the Duty, he produced to the Registrar, who shall thereupon

produced by make such Entry, and signify the same by a Note or Memorandum upon the Certificate;

every such kskmientionied Certificate which shall not be so produced within the' &id a Month. Period shall have effect only as a Qualification to practise from the Time, when it shall b£t produced: Provided that it shall be lawful for the Master of the; RoIls in the Case df 4f Solicitor, or One of the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster or One of the Judges thereofj in the Case of an Attorney, at any Time to make an Order directing that any Certificate] not so produced shall have effect upon and from the Time of stamping the same, or subsequent Period., 1

When Certi- XXII. Every Certificate issued by the Registrar between the Fifteenth Day of November,

ficateto bear the Sixteenth Day of December in any Year shall bear Date on the Sixteenth of

determine?11 November, and shall take effect pn that Day for all Purposes, provided it be stamped before?

the Sixteenth Day of December; and in every such Case the Sixteenth Day of :Novemfy$] shall, for the Purpose of this Act, be deemed to be the Date of the Payment of the Duty; but if such Certificate be not so stamped, it shall take effect, as regards the Qualification to practise, on the Day on which it is stamped; and every Certificate issued at any Other Time" shall bear Date on the Day on which it is issued, and subject to the Provision, herrin oon^ tained relating to Certificates stamped after the First Day of January in any Yeair, and not' produced within a Month to be entered by the Registrar, shall take effect as regards such1 Qualification on the Day on which it is stamped; and every Certificate shall be and continue1 in force from the Day on which it shall tj&e effect as aforesaid, until the Fifteeilth Day Law Lists to of November next following, inclusive, and no longer: And any List of Attorneys, SoK^ EvidentfaC1G c*tor8> Cottveyaaoers, purporting to be published by the Authority of the Commissioners vi ence. inland Revenue, and to contain the Names of Attorneys, Solicitors, and Conveyancers

who have obtained stamped Certificates for the current Year on or before the First B&y* Of January in the same Year, shall, until the contrary be made to appear, be Evidence in all1 Courts, and before all Justices of the Peace and others, that the Persons named therein &sT Attorneys, Solicitors, or Conveyancers holding such Certificates as aforesaid for the current* Year are Attorneys, Solicitors, or Conveyancers holding such Certificates; and the Absent of the Name of any Person from such List shall, until the contrary be made to appear, /be Evidence as aforesaid that such Person is not qualified to practise as an Attorney, Solicitor^ or Conveyancer under a Certificate for the current Year; but in the Case of any Perso?i{ being an Attorney or Solicitor whose Name does not appear in such List, an Extract from) the Roll of Attorneys and Solicitors kept by the Registrar, certified under the Hand of the Secretary of the Incorporated Law Society (while such Society performs the Putins of

Registrar),

5f>3

23" & 24° VICtofeiX c. 127.

Registrar), or of the Registrar for the Time being, shall be Evidence as aforesaid of the Factp appearing in such Extract, and in the Case of any Person being a Conveyancer whose Name does not appear on such List, the Fact of his being so shall be proved in the Way in which it is now by Law required to be proved.

XXIII. If any Attorney or Solicitor after having at any Time taken ant a stamped Certificate shall for the Space of a whole Year from and after the Expiration thereof have neglected to renew the same for the following Year, the Registrar shall not afterwards gnant a Certificate to subh Attorney or Solicitor, except under an Order of the Master of the Rolls hi the Case of a Solicitor, or of One of the Superior Cotirts of Law at Westminster; or of One of the Judges thereof, in the Case of an Attorney; and it shall be lawful for the Master of the Rolls, or such Court or Judge, to direct the Registrar to issue a Certificate to such Person upon such Terns and Conditions as he Or they shall think fiL *

XXIV. Where the Name of any Attorney or Solicitor is ordered to be struck off the,

Roll of Attorneys or Solicitors of any Court, on his own Application or on the Application of any other Person, the Rule or Order for that Purpose shall forthwith* and before the s^me is acted upon, be produced to the Registrar, and the Registrar shall enter a,

Note or Minute of such Rule or Order in connexion with the Name of such Attorney or Solicitor on the Roll of Attorneys and Solicitors kept by the Registrar, and shall* strike such Name off such Roll, and shall mark such Rule or Order as having been entered., / 1 .

b :XXV. The Name of every Person hereafter stmek off the RoU of Attorrieys of any of the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster by the Rule of any of such Courts, Or off the Roll of Solicitors of the Court of Chancery by Order of any Judge of that Court1, shall upon Production of an Office Copy of such Rule or Order, and an Affidavit of the Tdfefctity Of the Person named therein, to the proper Officer of every or any other of the said Cohrts of Which such Person is an Attorney or Solicitor, bo struck off the Roll of such Court; and in case any such Person be at any Time thereafter restored to the Roll by the Rule of the Court or Order of any Judge of the Court, by the Rule of which or the Order of a, Jucfge of whlbl/his Name was struck off such Roll, he shall upon Production of an Office Copy of ttife Rtile b'r Order so restoring; him, with an'Affidavit of the Identity of the Person named thei^/tb the TCoper Officer of every or any such bther Court, be restored1 to the Roll thereof Without rayment of any Fee or Fine whatsoever.

XXVI. Every Person who acts as an Attorney ox Solicitor contrary to the Enaoj^nent, ini Section Two of the first herein-before mentioned Act, or who in his own Name, or in titaj Name of aay other Person, in anywise acts as a Proctor in or with respect to, any Proceeding^ the Court of Probate or the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes, without being duly qualified so to act* shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of the Court in which; the Action, Suit, Cause, Matter, or Proceeding in relation to which bet so acts, is brought, } had, ! o? taken, and may be punished accordingly, and shall be incapable ojf maintaining any:

Action or Suit for any Fee or Reward for or in respect of anything done or any Disburse *, 5

ment made by him in the Course of so acting, apd shall* in addition, to any other Penalty or, Forfeiture tod to any Disability to which he may be subject, forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit* by Action brought with, the Sanction of Her Majesty's Attorney General, in the Name Of the Inoorv. porated Law Society, in any of the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster> or in toy County Court, and such Penalty shall be applied in like Manner as Fines imposed for practising vdthoultya stamped Certificate are now by Law applicable. (

XXVII. Whenever a Decree or Order is made by the Court of Chancery, in winch* thej Power to Com Payment of any Costs previously taxed, either in the Suit or Proceeding in which such of Chancery Decree Or Order is made, or in any other Suit or Proceeding, is ordered, and whether the ment^m-7" Certificate of such previous Taxation have been made before the passing of this Act, or be tereston Costs niidd thereafter, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge making such Decree or Ordfer to in v*11 order tad, direct the Amount of such Costs, as taxed, including the Costs of Taxation as Ca8es '

' ' ascertained

In case of Neglect for a Year to renew Certificate, 11 Order of Codrt ' or Judge necessary. 1

Buie for striking Attorneys off the Boll to be entered with the Registrar.

Aji Attorney t< struck off the, Boll of One of the Courts to be struck off the Bolls of other Courts.

Penalty for wrongfully acting as an Attorney or Solicitor.

Power to Courts of Justice to charge Property recovered with Payment of Costs.

Provision for Costs in Matters of Lunacy in case of Death.

All foture Authorities to administer Oaths or take Acknowledgments to be registered.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 127.

ascertained by the said Certificate, to be paid, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Date of the Certificate, the Amount of such Interest to be verified by Affidavit, and to be payable and recoverable out of the same Fund or in the same Manner as the Amount of such Costs.

XXVIII. In every Casein which an Attorney or Solicitor shall be employed to prosecute or defend any Suit, Matter, or Proceeding in any Court of Justice, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge before whom any such Suit, Matter, or Proceeding has been heard, or shall) be depending, to declare such Attorney or Solicitor entitled to a Charge upon the Property recovered or preserved, and upon such Declaration being made such Attorney or Solicitor shall have a Charge upon and against and a Right to Payment out of the Property, of whatsoever Nature, Tenure, or Kind the same may be, which shall have been recovered or preserved through the Instrumentality of any such Attorney or Solicitor, for the taxed Costs, Charges, and Expenses of or in reference to such Suit, Matter, or Proceeding; and it shall be lawful for such Court or Judge to make such Order or Orders for Taxation of and for raising and Payment of such Costs, Chargee, and Expenses out of the said Property as to such Court or Judge shall appear just and proper; and all Conveyances and Acte done to defeat, or which shall operate to defeat, such Charge or Right, shall, unless made to a bona fide Purchaser for Value without Notice, be absolutely void and of.no Effect ae against such Charge or Right: Provided always, that no such Order shall be made by any such Court or Judge in any Case in which the Right to recover Payment of such Costs, Charges, and Expenses is barred by any Statute of Limitations.

XXIX. In every Case m which an Attorney or Solicitor has been or shall be employed to prosecute or oppose any Inquiry whether a Person is a Lunatic, Idiot, or of unsound Mind, and incapable of managing himself or his Affairs, or in or about any Proceedings consequent upon such Inquiry, and the Costs of such Attorney or Solicitor have not been

Eiid in the Lifetime of such Person, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor or the ords Justices, or other the Person or Persons intrusted by Her Majesty with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found idiot, lunatic, or of unsound Mind, to make such and the like Orders and to exercise the like Power and Authority for Taxation of and for raising and Payment of such Costs after the Death of such Person as could or might have been exercised or made in his Lifetime; and such Orders and Proceedings shall be as valid and effective to all Intents and Purposes as if made in the Lifetime of the Lunatic: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful for the Court or Judge to make any such Order but within Six Years next after the Right to recover such Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall have accrued.

XXX. Every Authority granted after the passing of this Act to any Attorney to administer Oaths and take Declarations and Affirmations in Matters depending in any of the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, or in the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, or in any of the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and Durham, and every Authority granted after the passing of this Act to any Solicitor to administer Oaths and take Declarations, Affirmations, and Attestations of Honour in Chancery, and whether any such Authority as aforesaid be to act in England or to act out of England, and every Appointment made after the passing of this Act of any Attorney or Solicitor under Section Eighty-one of the Act of the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth," for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more " simple Modes of Assurance," to be a perpetual Commissioner for taking Acknowledgments of married Women under that Act, shall, before any such Authority or Appointment is acted upon, be brought to the Registrar by the Person to whom the same is granted, or some Person on his Behalf, and the Registrar shall, in Books to be kept for that Purpose, enter the Particulars of every such Authority or Appointment, and for the Entry of every such Authority or Appointment the Registrar shall be paid by or on behalf of the Person having such Authority or Appointment the Sum of One Shilling, and the Registrar shall mark such Authority or Appointment as having been entered, and with the Date of the Entry, and such Books shall at all Times be open to public Inspection during Office Hours without Fee or Reward.

XXXI. For

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 127. 565

XXXI. For enabling the Registrar to form a complete Register of all such Authorities and Appointments as aforesaid, as well those granted or made before the passing of this Act as those granted or made thereafter, the Principal Secretary of the Lord Chancellor, or other the Officer having the Care and Custody of the Lists of Authorities now in force for the Purposes aforesaid, so far as they relate to the Court of Chancery, and the Clerks of the Lord Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or other the Officers having the Care and Custody of the Lists of Authorities now in force for the Purposes aforesaid, so far as they relate to such Courts respectively, and the Officers of the Court of the Duchy Chamber of Lancaster at Westminster, and the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Lancaster and iDurham) having the Care and Custody, of the Lists of Authorities now in force for the Purposes aforesaid, so far as they relate to such Courts respectively, and the Officer of the Court of Common Pleas with whom the Certificates of the said Acknowledgments of married Women are lodged, so far as regards all Appointments now in force for taking the said Acknowledgments, shall severally, at the Expense of the Registrar, prepare and transmit to such Registrar, with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, a List of the Persons having such Authorities and Appointments as aforesaid, with the Particulars thereof, and the Places of Business of such Persons, and the Registrar shall enter the Particulars of all such Authorities and Appointments now in force in Books to be kept for that Purpose, which shall be open to Inspection as aforesaid.

XXXII. All Regulations and Acts authorized by this Act to be made or done by the Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, jointly with the Master of the Rolls, may be made or done by any Two of them the said Chief Justices and Chief Baron, jointly with the Master of the Rolls.

XXXIII. Nothing in this Act shall extend to repeal, prejudice, or affect any Provision in any Act of Parliament in anywise enabling any Person other than an Attorney or Solicitor to conduct, defend, or otherwise act in relation to any Suit, Matter, or Proceeding.

XXXIV. From and after the Thirty-first Day of October next after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or any of their Officers, to grant or issue in any Year to any Person any such stamped Certificate as is required to be taken out by every Person who after the passing of this Act shall become a Member of One of the Four Inns of Court in England practising under the Bar as a Conveyancer, unless and until he have left with the said Commissioners or their proper Officer an Order of the Benchers of the Inn of Court of which the Applicant is a Member, granting him Permission for that Year to take out such Certificate or a Copy of such Order certified under the Hand of their Treasurer, Sub-treasurer, or Steward: Provided always, that this Clause shall not extend or apply to any Person who at the Time of the passing of this Act shall be lawfully practising as a Certificated Conveyancer.

XXXV. This Act shall only extend to England and Wales, save as herein otherwise expressly provided.

XXXVI. The first herein-before mentioned Act and this Act shall be construed together as One Act.

Provisions for Registration of of existing Authorities.

How Orders, &c. authorized by this Act may be made.

Saving Provisions enabling other than Attorneys to act Stamped Certificates not to be issued to Conveyancers under the Bar without the Benchers annual Permission.

Act to extend to England and Wales.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 73. and this Act to be as One.

SCHEDULES to which the Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Registrar's Certificate.

Pursuant to an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the and Years of the Reign of Queen Victoria, intituled [Title Act], the

Incorporated Law Society [or the Name of the Registrar for the Time being], the Registrar of Attorneys and Solicitors appointed under the Act of the Session holden in the Sixth and

Seventh

506

lrr»rr*0

burn

lot w.tlnO jH 7)n} { n fn fI)flwn/n*o r>rll to mot) iki ^lO^/TC.rf'J siinnhO o'>o'»h

71'jiunz

.to'SIto olfli

IetwvjO (bn8 bfic ?f*!ii>I )<i "3 xr»MO vmTwf I', /; !

.'0 }._>n t-, A .va /'ybivffi to eiowuH -GfidO fnoJL .oA .lolbl ^iio 0 ^or^r.ni, TjbiO I in

f> *auut'« 7 nr a

Power for Lord Chancellor and Judges to

asi^sftsviE1

K«i:i

Vc. i27*a»

feve«tlY , Veai9'rof'Qfiieeii Vie^r^ 4* fort (xriiBolid&fcm^ and amendiag several trf: ttc 'Luriffi relating1 t<r lAAtorhdyrfabd^SoliohobB ^woactiikig in Sngland1 and Wales/' hereby certified, OPhafcd* t i^I v 1U -i<) jo. :lr y AttopneyMaWLaw foi- Solicitor in Cfa^ceryA^1

whoBetPlbge {Wjplatees^'.ofiBbsinjefB^far'nreJ'fBt': .; \ i nm; t . .ft oini

ath thie ipa^ 'drfmrdd^ild lefirr^feh (he Secretary of the said Society for1 thesdid, the Name TimeibHnlf] aDedaraticpin Writings Signed by the said Attorney SdidrtoriJ [W toy > fail Pirtneri on by ids Londtm Affenib otiihiB Behalf \aetheCaseMxn His "NAmt?, nn<5 'Blade or1 Places of Butundst^atod (he Court ot. One *of tod Courts of which he is admitted an Attorney or Solicitov^Jkogbthepwith >t&ei Teitn- had Yeai or a^of which he was so admitted; and the said Society [or the said, the Nanu of, the Registra r for the Time being'] hereby further certifies, that the said Attorney [or Solicitor] is duly enrolled in the Court of Queen's Bench at Westminster \&r as Pie Case may [nr a. Solicitor in the High Court of Chancery], and is entitled to practise as such Attorney or Solicitor, upon this Certificate being duly stamped as required by Law. (riven unde^ the Hand of the Secretary of the Incorporated Law Society [or the said, thfi Nqme of lie Registrar f»r the Time being], this . Day of 18 .

Signature of the Secretary of the Incorporated Late _ SfadeJg

[or, Signature of the Registrar for the Time being].

to &10V/O i oltj 1? *ljbnih: ui <».>:. l-«{*.> ')»! hi, !- i.; f *. i. -1t.n . i v ill

riji , rlo oin.iii. iviiii1) >*.)_i — , l'.in*, i , i.> i, -, .: .! >; i }.* Mi./nan

Xon-IHt ioil J}/. rtlll ll I. ». I ?_ J a, I ,; , :- n>. t j, , <. *; l/J I

SCHEDULE (B.)

Fobm of annual Declabation fob obtaining the Registbab's Certificate.

No.

I hebebt declare, That I [or A.B.1 was admitted an Attorney of the Court of in Term, tJa^Ypr I

Places of Business are as follow:

moil jj'jhofjfui Hiiiq<! no c -ob^y

Tp

and that my [or his] Place or

: Dated'this >/ ' 1 nr.'tS > i iv t a A.

A.B*[«r ClIKtParW^ .*;

(or London Agent) of the ^aid

b in '

if:

u, / , A '

\ 11, .m, !.

'I. il A, *

X

, y'i- '

-I lit'i.i'i ' j {i

A A un.{

At

1 lv

'^rfee ftXistrai^ bf'AWothcys^smd'Sdlicftork, 1 '

mlt 0) UuJjl i.'f' A fT, i, '; /ir? *.UI b-I<. , .* U | 7.. I _-i b:»j c: ., xf r.y (; '

yi-'-ir»/ iiio I ojiii/ t.-. >o h . i /i' > '.n

rfjy, -'jA /jdofud m .->*.«./ »ru oi.- o>o. !<*. u>im w a - -m' .»>* . .w i j:

JnoIl'..»>7vI I'OiM r. n >:(, > nil yd .(. *. t j-ft., 'i , : ll ., L> ' / f

Jinoqir.jT bar. ljucn; .i< -binj J.t V' l u

(oui».' c-di 'hj A *:! yii Vorr*; !..vA^YfWf j r, , , -r, .

An Act to enable the Lord Chancellor and Judges of the Court of Chancery to carry into effect the Recompaeiidations and Suggestions of the Chancery Evidence Commissioners by General Rules and Orders of the Court.

nv:'r; a . .:. i2«

B; !\\/i HERE A s by Qoanmissions, lender the Great SeaJ, dated respectively the Ewhtee^lh J n. J> J(i > 'SHy. JH .Day: of One thousand, eight hundred) nnj

Bi ^ftyr^tf^(C<Winip8idnfB wore ^pointed to inquire iotp the Mode of taMqg Evidence, in f. rf»e1High Court, of, Chancery an4 its Effects: And whereas Two Reports from the s^id , (3epw<*9IW| have :eumr beepa. sande ^o-.Hei Majesty: And whereas Doubts have . 1 '* entertained whether Effect can be. given to the Becoramendations and Su^estions of

[Repfartf'.TlW General Orders pfyhe Court\withouti the Authority of Parliament, Be it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice t»9d Con^e^ tff thfe Lqrde Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this ptesenf; Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: ^; .Jl(; ,

'^.''^Hfe' .Lbrd'ChhriehllbrjAvi/h the Advice tind Assistance Of the Misteir 'Of thd"l(oUs, the Lor<fs; iJVil3ticfeSl<bfitliC Co'urt of 7App^; tl "in ChancciV, and the Vicc-ChiinccUbte,

5.AS

Chhnc«3WW, idr any

.i.u / J: y, ZThree

L.

m &24° Victoria, /c. mtm. m

Tferde of- them, may froiO Timei to Time, as the Lord Chancellor with such Advice and make General Assistance as aforesaid may think fit*1 make General Buies and Orders for carrying] the said Recommendations and Suggestions of the said Beperts or any of them, or any Part thereof, carrying Re-into effect, and in relation to all Matters consequential thereon or incidental thereto, and commenda-sa fefc as to them shall seem expedient for varying- and adding to the Course of, Proceeding Evi-

recommended in the said Reports in respect Of the Matters to which the said Reports dence Commis-rdbte; and such RuleO and.Orders may from Time to Time.bO rescinded pr altered by sionersReports the like Authority; and all such Rnlfes and Orders shall take effect 4s if they bad been mto effect Getfeiial Redes and Orders of the Court duly made; , ' ,; )

if. Provided always, That all such General ities and Orders as afiy-esaid^liall imme- Such General diately after tjhe making and issuing thereof be, laid before both Houses of Parliament, if 5^"^ Parliament The then sitting, or if Parliament be not then sitting within Five Day§ after laid before^ the next Meeting thereof; and if either of the Houses of Parliament shall, by any Reso- Parliament, lution passed within Thirty-six Days, after such Rules or Orders have been laid before such Houses of Parliament, resolve that the whole or any Part of such Rules or Orders ought not to continue in force, in such Case the whole or such Pari thereof as shall be so included

ih stt6h Resolution shall from and after sach Resolution cease to be binding.

# \ ' Act not to

III. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to abridge or affect the Powers of abridge, &c. making General Rules and Orders which the LorcUChoncellor, either alone or with such L^Chan-Advice and Assistance as aforesaid, might have exercised if this Act had not passed. cellor, &c.

making Gene-

. ml Orders.

) t. /' - . L . " " .; i; ., ..j.» 1 ... »/ »- 1

Cap. dxxix.

An Act to grant Excise Duties on British Spirits and on Spirits imported from the ChatnhelJstandsS [28th August 1860.1

1 I i *: i./; , /, j; .' [L °

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the U^itedjKingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition to the Public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Qoysent of thp Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as fallowsi ' 1 M t-- 1 > i% > I >:* .j ? / .7

»rl t tM'ift

>ffn)

II lr

\> [>

o t

Hilty ok i&fkfrJl Sinrith.

.ttf! }\ !(?* JIT* I I ) /<* " >iy -ill I! 1 ?T- > > J') fp*>] >1_ / i

, , 'fhere shall be charged, collected, and paid for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Duty charged 'Successors, for and ujpon every G allon of Spirits of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof which on or after the several Days respectively Herem-after mentioned wrreor shall hi milled Within the United EHngdoip, hr Which *, having been distilled within the United Kingdom',

J Were oh the said several Days respectively in the Stock or Possession of any Distiller; bir in any Duty-free Wjirehoasre, or removing to such Warehouse, and Were or shall be On br after fthO'said Several Days respectively taken out for Consumption within the United Kingdom, tfhe several and respective Dyties following; that is to say, '

f ' Qn and after the Twenty-ninth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty,

the Difty of Eight Shillings and One Penny \ t

tn And bn itid after the Seventeenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fcixty, the Duty of Ten Shillings: 1

t. H, Apd, pp 4u proportion for a»J?gp*ter or less, Degree of, Strength, or greater)or less T , in Jicu<jf allot^ef EwjWiWW ch^ge^leon, ?uc|i Splits., j

jjuiT 23 & 24 Vict.

4 C

Duties

m

Duties on Channel Islands Spirits.

Spirits of the Nature of plain British Spirits only to be imported from the Channel Islands.

Allowances granted to Distillers and Rectifiers on Spirits exported.

Duties, &c. to be under the Management of the Commissioners of In land Revenue, and to be collected and paid

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 129.

Duties on Channel Islands Spirits.

II. In lieu of the Duties of Excise now chargeable on Spirits manufactured or distilled in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark respectively, and imported into the United Kingdom, there shall be charged, collected, and paid for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, on and after the respective Days herein-after mentioned, for and upon every Gallon of the Strength of Hydrometer Proof of all Spirits of the Nature or Quality of plain British Spirits manufactured or distilled in the said Islands respectively, and imported therefrom into the United Kingdom, the several and respective countervailing Duties of Excise following; that is to say,

On and after the Twenty-eighth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Duty of Eight Shillings and Sixpence;

And on and after the Seventeenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Duty of Ten Shillings and Fivepence;

And s6 in proportion for any greater or less Degree of Strength or any greater or less Quantity:

All which said last-mentioned Duties shall be levied and collected by the Officers of Customs under the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs, who shall cause a separate Account to be kept and to be furnished to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue of all such Duties collected and received, and the Amount thereof shall from Time to Time be paid over to the Account of the Receiver General of Inland Revenue at the Bank of England, and shall be dealt with and applied in the same Manner as other Monies arising from Duties of Inland Revenue; and all such Spirits imported from any of the said Islands shall be subject to the same Laws and Regulations as Spirits imported from Foreign Parts, and shall be dealt with by the Commissioners and Officers of Customs in all respects as if the same had been so imported under the Laws relating to the Customs.

III. No Spirits other than Spirits of the Nature or Quality of plain British Spirits, as the same are respectively denominated and described in the Laws of Excise, the Produce or Manufacture of any of the said Islands, shall be imported into any Part of the United Kingdom, on pain of the Forfeiture thereof, and of all Casks or other Packages, and of the Vessel or Boat used in the Removal or Importation thereof, which may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and every Person who shall import or be concerned in the Importation of any Spirits contrary hereto shall incur the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; and every such Penalty and Forfeiture respectively may be sued for, recovered, and applied as any other Penalty or Forfeiture under any of the Laws of the Customs or Excise.

Allowances.

IV. In consideration of the Loss and Hindrance caused by Excise Regulations in the Distillation and Rectification of Spirits in the United Kingdom, there shall be paid to any Distiller or Proprietor of such Spirits on the Exportation thereof from a Duty-free Warehouse, or on depositing the same in a Customs Warehouse, on or after the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Allowance of Twopence per Gallon computed at Hydrometer Proof, and to any licensed Rectifier who on or after the said last-mentioned Day has or shall have deposited in a Customs Warehouse Spirits distilled and rectified in the United Kingdom the following Allowances; (that is to say,) on rectified Spirits of the Nature of British Compounds not exceeding Eleven Degrees over Proof as ascertained by Sykes's Hydrometer an Allowance of Threepence per Gallon, and on Spirits of the Nature of Spirits of Wine an Allowance of Twopence per Gallon, such Gallons being computed respectively at Hydrometer Proof.

V. The said several Duties and Allowances by this Act imposed and granted respectively shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, and shall be charged, raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid, and allowed respectively by the Ways, Means, and Methods provided by the several Acts in force relating to the Duties of Excise; and all such last-mentioned Acts, and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties for any Offence against or in breach of any Act in force in relation to Duties of Excise, and the several

Clauses,

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 129, 130. 509

Clauses, Provisions, Powers, and Directions contained in any such Act, shall (except as the under the Prosame are altered, repealed, or superseded by the express Provisions of this Act) extend to of Act* and shall respectively be applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the Excisef said Duties and Allowances hereby imposed and granted respectively, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the same respectively had been repeated and te^enacted in this Act with reference to the said Duties and Allowances respectively. 1

VI. And whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been made for the Sale or Delivery Where Con.

of some of the Goods or Commodities on which increased or additional Duties of Excise are

by this Act granted and imposed, which Contracts or Agreements may have been made with aiUonal Dudes

no Reference to such additional Duties, and thereby the several Contractors may be to he added to

materially affected For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That every Person who shall have Artises made or entered into any such Contract or Agreement shall be and is hereby authorized and contracted for. empowered, in the Case of any such Contract or Agreement, to add so much Money as will

be equivalent to the increased or additional Duty hereby granted on any such Goods or Commodities respectively to the Price thereof, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid and to sue for and recover the same accordingly.

CAP. CXXX.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise Money in the United Kingdom for the Service of the Government of India.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS the Exigencies of the Public Service in India require that the Secretary

" of State in Council of India should be enabled to raise Money in the United Kingdom on the Credit of the Revenues of India Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council of India, at any Time or Times before the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, or, if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to raise in the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Government of India, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Three Millions, and such Sum or Sums may be raised by the Creation and Issue of Bonds or Debentures, or Capital Stock bearing Interest, or Annuities, or partly by one of such Modes and partly by another or others.

II. All Bonds issued under the Authority of this Act may be issued under the Hands of Two Members of the Council of India, and countersigned by the Secretary of State for India or One of his Under Secretaries, or his Assistant Under Secretary, and shall be for such respective Amounts, payable after such Notice, and at such Rate or Rates of Interest, as the said Secretary of State in Council may think fit

III. All Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act may be issued under the Hands of Two Members of the Council, and countersigned as aforesaid, for such respective Amounts, and at such Rate or Rates of Interest, as the Secretary of State in Council may think fit, and shall be issued at or for such Prices and on such Terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in Council.

IV. All Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act shall be paid off at Par at a Time or Times to be mentioned in such Debentures respectively; and the Interest on all such Debentures shall be paid half-yearly on such Days as shall be mentioned therein; and

Power to the Secretary of State in Council of India to raise any Sum not exceeding Three Millions.

Bonds may be issued under Hands of Two Members of Council, countersigned, &c«

Debentures may be issued.

Ab to Payment of Principal and Interest on Debentures.

m

, vi

) .»?

quiz; I'*' v>t ini] nbnu

Coaponi by Delivery.

Io ^Tinio'I

s<1 oi srrumll

jiq yllj.nnflB Hjlllot/ to talisq , (ij»<hI no

* nq bun . uvi *u:4 *-I b ilii'v Jnomi.il

Transfer Books of such Capital Stock and Annuities to be kept

diowo'T \iivn-y \>T.v>< nit to oliitr' to yuJ It iiino ) ui

Annuities Personal Estate.

The whole Amount charged on Revenue of India not to exceed Three Millions.

I; 2B°'ifcl24° ia 130.

thfef FrihcipalMOhies and Interest secured by such Debentures shall be payable either, at thte^Treastir^ Of thO Sefctfctary of SWte ih Council in London or at the Bank or England *, i.

i i; 1 111 *"i t y ^: i j, i ' s I

iii'Yt All Htany Number of thi Debentures issued under the Authority of this Act, an$ tfU JUgbt tO!and in:res{llc<i of the Brintipal and Interest Monies secured thereby, 'ehailbd toimferable! <rithiar by the Delivery of sneb Debentures respectively, or, at the Discreet/ of the Secretary of State in Council, by Deed; provided that the Coupons for Interest annexed tcj apy Del^pfur^iaeji^ under the Authority of this Act shall pefis ^y Deliypry

t' lfL1 Aby Capital Stoefr created under the Authority of this Act Shall bear such 'a ftat* oflhtereehiaud' iny Annuities to be created under the Authority of this Act shall he at sfadk "Rate'jp# Oentnbiper Jinnurii, as /the Secretary of State in Council may think fit; and such Capital Stock and such Annuities tnay be issued on such Terms as may be determined by the Secretary of State in QoupcU *nd any such Capital Stock may beat Intlerfest during such Period, and be off at Paf at, such Time, as the Secretary of State m Council may prescribe previously texthe* Issue of euoli Capital Stock; and such Annuities v, ftMyph ifCTiofj *, the Secretary of State in Couotil may prescribe! KPPiWWW of..f»da.A«nw|ti#pu,; i, '1 uih

* Vttvik £isfe' the reation and Issue Of any such Capital Stock or of, any sucjji Aiumi *, tifeyiWfere' shall tyb' kept, either ite ylfece of the, Secretary of State in Coupoil in London dtf nt1 thO Bitifer of England, Books wherein Entries shall fee made of the said ^Capital pfoqiq and Annuities respectively, and wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the same respec-jot toy, Bart thereof yespeotivelyl shall be entered and registered, tod Shall tte signed by the Parties, treking; suofe Aseigntotot^ot Trtoifears, ot{ if such Parties be absent, by7 his, her, or their Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; and the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite his, her, or their Acceptance thereof; and no other Mode of assigning or transferring the said Capital Stock or the said Annuities, or any Part thereof respectively, or any Interest therein respectively, shall he good and available in Law, and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged, t>tf fltesajd IMantfersJor any of them.

JTJil.'i AUiiApmidticd talented nndUAmed1 tthder the Ahtbority oP this Act rihiall bp dcfen&A ap&MJcebiJto ta iBowdnjdi tod Inoi Beal Estate* and shill go $0 th^ Exfecufors Or lAdmSriis-trators of tfeft pofeseeaed themaf, idtemsted tbpreip^or Odtitfed

thera^foj apd not> to the^eir-at-Law, nor be liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom Qi 'Lonaony or otherwise." i t

LlXTJThfc vrtiole Amount of the Prttfci^al Mollies! to; feo chkiged on the Rev4n /fjdid isndori this AOtsball riotexceed- Three Mllliohs; tod no MohOy shall feejiralsed pr seci6ked<uvlto the Authority Act' after the said Thirtieth Day of April One thoiisanS

eight htmdpediatoitoty^nej bri if Patliattient fee 'then sitting, after the End of tfeb then' Session of Ptollament, slave1 for Or upon the Eepaymfent Of Principal Monies previously secured . uridfirIhidi Actasfaereli^after provided. 1j' ' i,

pon or for the Repayment of any Principal Money seciilred-under - the Authorit^if

mjmmTme to Time as all or any Jr art of any Pnneip^l ^o^It njr: \i:.Tudd&T^ie'A^t'ihhy ^Oite to hei-epaid, but the Amount to be charged upon the i., toy ^asO efxcbeu the Principal Money required to be repaid i!n , na

ruSSkiiAft Bomli a^ Debetttnree to 'fee1 issued^rider llnS Ait, and the PriibipiL

Intepest theiieby aecroped, tod «dl Cental StoOk th be issued under tKs Act, ' hnd ttie J on venue* interest thereon, and all Annuities to be issued under this Act, shall be charged oh11 and 3 T payable, put of the Revenues in^likp Manner iaa other Linhilities inotirvid.bb

oT.'th^'toJ[the said jCerfitories., r ..., -it w i4.

of India.

nuir

W(» £ .! .tv.-]

// V. f . jrniT

XII. The

231.& 2f, YfiQ?ro|Rft&

6X1

XII. The Provisions contained in Section Four of the Act ofi th^ So^io^'ljolflen iq thB Provision* as Fifth and Sixth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-four, with respp(?ttt>! J° Composition the Composition and Agreement for the Payment by the East India Company of an annual Duti<?on*India Sum in lieu of Stamp Duties oat their Bonds, and thfef Exemption of their Boticfe from Bon* 4*t£n« Stamp Duties, shall be applicable with reBpeet to the Bonds and Debentures' to' be isfebed Under the Authority of tiW Act, as if s»<» Provisions were! here Repeated and#d*enJwtesb with, reference thereto. > d *, i

XITI. All Provisions now in force in anywise relating to the Offence of forging or Forgery of altering, or offering, uttering, disposing of, or pitting, off, knowing the same to be forged orafyered, any East India.Bond, ^withJntenl; ^o, defraud, shall, extend and be applicable; to ^$w*ryotf and in respect of any Debenture-issued und^- the Authority of thF Act, as well as to and East India in respect of any Bond issued under the same Authority./ , i(Bonds.

.1 -

XIVI. Provided always, That; on or before the First Day of February in each Year the said Returns to be Secretary of State in Council shall prepare or cauaeto be prepared a Return of all Monies Hused on Loan under the Provisions of this Act; also a Return of all Stocks, Loans, nX.'d°oii Loan! Dehta, and Liabilities then chargeable On the Revenues of Itidta, at home and abroad, up to &c., and pre-the latest Period of Time to which such Return can be made out: That all such Returns ?Dte<110 l>; ir

liument.

laihunriT lfolia lo Siloofl

shall be presented to both Houses of Parliament on or, before the First Day of February in each Tear, if Parliament is then sitting, and jrarliament is not sitting, then such Returns shall be presented^.within. Ten Days ©£ the First Mating of Parliament after the First "Day of February in each Year.

I XV, This Adb shall not prejudice or affect any Power of raising ot* borrowing Money Saving Powers

Mb.

Inir

T TO

r in Council.

CAP. CXXXI.

[Junk removed.]

in Act to apply a Siwn out of the CowoUd&ted Fund aml the SwrjAuhAaf Wa^s and; Means to the Service of the Year On4 thousand Sedght hundred ttod'dittfm* I and to appropriate the Supplies erranted in this Session Sf PftrtihhiefUi' !o

- I - 'r -

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and 'loyal Subject ^, the Cotni4onS<>i6f the TUn&hd Y, Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament' assembled, tofrasdfe; utabihgl good the, Supply which we have cheerfully grnntedto Your Majesty La this Seasidm of iParj' uament, .have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums hereinTafberiniehtiohadii Jihd» dp therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that? it may be enacted; andlbe Sfremuited'' by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and: Consent nf the Loi'A» -Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and.by the Authority of the same, as; follows: >* 1 'I t «j J /.

lI. Therej9 shall and may tye issued and, applied, for pr toyrardg nunking good/thq f Supply

eight, hundred and granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand ei_

the Sum of Twenty-one mQlion one hundred eighty-three thousand apd eighty.n/n e, Ppmtdsi Year 1860 Ten Shillings and Eightpence, out of the-Consolidated Fund of the Hnited Kingdom of Great the Sum of Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United ?l ', }089i Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United K&ngOtfm ths Con^t'"'' of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are oris hereby authorised and empowferid^ toj^uq and apply the saute accordingly.

ill. - It shall be lawful for the said Commissioneri1 of .Her Majesty's Tr^isury frc^lr^Tmie io 1Tbe Treasury Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct an^ Nuiribet of 'Kxct'equ^r'Hills o.iI KZ. tOioi.8rf.

of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, 8cc. in recited Acts extended to this Act

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 21, 183, 089/. 10s. 8d. on the Credit of this Act notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. a 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Mollies raised

by Exchequer Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131.

to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Stun or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-one million one hundred eighty-three thousand and eighty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eightpence; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

III. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acta shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

IV. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

V. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-one million one hundred eighty-three thousand and eighty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eightpence, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

VII. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon *

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 181.

IX. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty, the Sum of One million seven hundred and ten thousand and eighty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Fourpence, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

X. All the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act to apply the u Sum of Four hundred and seven thousand six hundred and forty-nine Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty and also the Sum of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, granted by One other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act to apply the Sum of Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty;" and also the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, granted by One other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty;" and also the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds granted by One other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act to apply the Sum of Four million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty;" and also the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand Pounds granted by One other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act to apply the Sum of Nine million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty;" and also the Sum of Ten millions granted by One other Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled "An Act to apply the Sum of Ten millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty;" and also the respective Sums of Twenty-one million one hundred eighty-three thousand and eighty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eightpence, and One million seven hundred and ten thousand and eighty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Fourpence by this Act granted, amounting in the aggregate to the Sum of Forty-eight million one hundred fifty thousand eight hundred and twenty-three Pounds in Money, and to the Sum of Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds in Exchequer Bills, shall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be issued and applied for or towards the several Uses and Purposes hereafter expressed.

XI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve million eight hundred thirty-six thousand and one hundred Pounds, for or towards the Navy Services herein-after more particularly mentioned; (that is to say,) any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three millioti four hundred seventy-six thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Eighty-five thousand five hundred Seamen and Marines, which will come in' course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million four hundred fifty-eight thousand and eighty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of Victuals to Seamen and Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred sixty thousand two hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred eigljty-seven thousand seven hundred and twenty-five Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service, the Charges for the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, and Royal Naval Reserve, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of

S3

Treasury nay

apply, for the Sendee of th^ Year 1860, 1, 710, 084/.

9a, Ad. Surplus of W^ys and Means.

Appropriation of Ways and Means to Services hereafter expressed.

23 Vict. c. 2.

23 Vict c. 12.

23 Vict. c. 20.

23 Vict. C. 3.

23 Vict of 25.

23 & 24 Vict c. 103.

Then shall be issued

12, 836, 100/. for Navy Services; vis .:

3, 47«, T*ft for Wages to 85, 500 Seawqn and Marines, &c .;

1, 458, 0871 for Victuals, &c. in the Navy;

160, 280/. for Salaries, &o. c. in Admiralty Office;

287, 725/. for Salaries, &o. c. of Coast Guard, Naval Coast Volunteers, and Naval Reserve j

64, 322/. for the Navy Scientific Department*;

172, 778/. fear Naval Etta- T blishmenti at' home; ,

30, 953/. for Naval Establishments abroad;

1, 440, 681/. for Wages of Artificers, &c. at home;

63, 6861 for Wages to Artificers, &c. abroad;

3, 204, 434/. for Naval Stores* &c. 5

2, 500/. for Malta Harbohr; 444, 049/. for new Works in Naval Establishments;

73,000l. for; Medicines, Ac .;

94, 7507. for Naval Miscellaneous Services; 679, 262/. for ' Naval Half Pay, &c.

488, 806/. for Military Pensions;

173, 030/. for Civil Pensions;

478,000l. for Freight of Ships, Victualling, and Conveyance of Troops, Ac .; 12,000l. for Retirement to Naval Office*;

° & 24* VICTORIA c, l?J.

March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sitsty^four thousand three hundred and twouty-two ^Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Offidevs and the contingent Expenses of the several scAentifio Departo

Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-two thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand nine hundred and fifty-three Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Officers and the contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million four hundred forty thousand six hundred and eighty-one Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments at home, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-three thousand six hundred and eighty-six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's Naval Establishments abroad, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three million two hundred and four thousand four hundred and thirty-four Pounds, to defray the, Expense of Naval Stores for the Building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet, the Purchase of Steam Machinery, and for other Purposes connected therewith, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, for the Extension of the Malta Harbour; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred forty-four thousand and forty-nine Pounds, to defray the Charge of new Works, Improvements, and Repairs in Naval Establishments, which will come in conrse of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-three thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Medicines and Medical Stores, 'which wifi come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ninety-twp thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Charge of divers Naval Miscellaneous Services, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six hundred seventy-nine thousand two hundred and sixty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retirement to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred eighty-eight thousand eight hundred and six Pounds, to defray the Charge of Military Pensions and Allowances, which will*come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-three thousand and thirty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Pensions and Allowances, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums 6f Money not exceeding Four hundred and seventy-eight thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge for the Freight of Ships, for the victualling and Conveyance of Troops, on account of the Army, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Retirement to Officers of the Navy, which will come in course of Payment during the Ycnr ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or

:1 Suittb

it <1 t t *i V H: £2

1* v.h \iinr. fd

0«O thull. bdi

Snow *oC Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Bounds*n to: defray the Changexof *at Grant to the Ofieers, Seamen, and Marines employed: in the lotd iNa^' tiperiticBiB in -China. ' 1 !_ ., .:i la .v/j Operations in

XII. And whereas, in order fo provide for the Exigencies, of thft.A^wyjSprrrww^it'ibap

been necessary to incur an Exfienditure for Army Seryipas, hoypnd 'ZJTZSlm *

ended on the Thirty-finst Day of March One thousand /night hundred , jwdii)j%biiijtt, Amy services, ' amounting to Four hundred andseven thousand six hundred *«d fofty:4iiiie it therefore enacted, That, out of all Ot any the.Ai4s.nr iSupplie&iAforpsiddiithere, abolL-and nu\y be issued and 0}>jdied any St|m or Sums of JM(mey nnt'etcee4ii|g ISftttfj^unldredinrtd Z'mLe seven thousand si* hundred and forty-nine Pounds, to mafeegood the.iDefieiewsynttf ifttataiii Army Grants for .the, Yem; ended fhf : Thirty-first- Pay of Match 0n# jthhu^Mid'I'feiglit »a u>a.oim hmiorod and fiftyinipe. ., , 1 ..... .V. / i: *l/ '1 if

V 1 (1 ' Jfi A/ .nVeftlt

XIII. Out ci all or aqy the Aids or Supplies aforesaid ^iere, jmay've ipsi; o^ There

A nnnltnrl onv Qiim .Qumo IUTatiuv rtnt nvoooorlinre Qit millmn arvlv-fiun ftmiicnnrTnnn be ISSUed

ecca^arie3f rrpyiaion?, Forage. Fuel Charge of Stores for Lainf aga Se^i !|Bui Wings, and Barracks at homp and, !

(tbftt ip to say,) any Sum or Sums , of Moimy not, exoepdwg, .^hkihppdn^ftyrfl^ ass, >2 thousand two hundred and , thirjty-four Poupp^ to defray .^le j?harf>$. , pl., tbfe i8f

Artificers, Labourers. Sp-^iph wijl eopmfo .pourae: of Ppyrnept derm# fbfi. TfewiffPd'Wg "* 1

onuJth^; TWrty-first pay of March Gnp. thpu^nd .pight tabweg , »Pd>. niW4n W

i, Sum! oi? Sums todefoay the

Artificers, &c .; 324,000l. for

* >1 .letn.m

eighthf^dried./andyeifty-ono; and apy $nra.or Spins n on £W>ty-prght thousand and eighty-eight^o

founds, Jo-di

. pne^ lJW

lop 2, 088, 088/. for

S?a|SemQp, which' will eoprse fi *efr

bp Thirty-first Day of March Ope thppmpd pighfc MfldfMandfS^tynOftpy flndiW>^)V1foRr 695, 3^'/

..u., -uw^, ji U. Mjtf wyf*f»*rft Mti.MTWW

aiu»a-of, Mpn^u^ exceeding, Fivp. hundred, ninety-fiya fhowWfl hHOI-

4^«.Pwt»df* to defray the Charge, of fprtjficadw8.trt »

course of Payment during the pear ending, opithe ThtrtyyntstiDnyipf ^farch

eight hupdfed and wxty>one; apd any Sum or Sums of ^Ipnpy.uojt exW^ding, h.up^yf 1 206^00 for

Und-aj* thousand and fire hpudred Ponndp, to defray the .Qiasge pfi CwIvP»ddi94P (home and abroad, which will come in course , of Psyment during ffyf Xe^endin&jiW'.thjS |rhirty-fiyat Day , of Mpfph One thousand: eight

. and 1 *

, seven thousanc pme apd!

ftfc nud.^y/lSum 707, 607/. for S

six vhimdred i/md b*^* liFhmh.sdU wm mi .k.-o.cti

or. Sums of, Money, not exceeding Seven, hi

seven Pounds^ to defray the.; |CpaJge of.JBarracha qt nr^r .....

in course, of Payment during the Xcarj ending pn jho, ^Wrty^fojsf; payjof, ^Jftrp^ f^uf iwiwtovj i.v.'j thousand eight hundred pnd; sixty-opp; and jiny. Sum .pr.^u/ps, of; M9Warvnot, ejifJWdi9g 9, 247, 5 for Xwe million two hundred forty-seyep dfon^and; fiyf [Aswyu

the otha: Army Sexwiccs hereinafter, jqaora ''f|udj»wla?^ (w4v».l»S>

, f#y») .any, Sum or Sunwpf .Money.uof^exceeding Fpmr.mdhPfli hh*dP5frt-ii^W*y' thousand seven hundred and pfie Pounds, to defray th Charge, of the Paffvand, Ah°>V?iWAs Lanir.Borw*, / of Her Majesty's , Land Forces a* hom apd abroad, ex^dwive. of, India, whiphl ffii/: <WYt«I> course of payment during the Year apding pn the Yhirtyt-fo:st GaK, of, Mwq^ .Qfle. thpuswid eight hundred and fixtyrone; ajud apy Sqm.qr Soma of; M«mey »Pt exceeding Si* hundred twenty thousand two hundred and , e«bty-fiye Peunda., fo dafmyi wiChawpf.jdw Mwfflb Miscellaneous ianeeus Charges of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India,

which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of 23 & 24 Vict. 4 D March

576

320,000l. for Embodied Militia;

68,000l. for Volunteer Corps;

196, 224/. for Departments of Secretary for War and Com-raander-in-Chief; 374, 005/. for Manufacturing Departments, Military Storekeepers, &c .; 520, 129/. for Disembodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland; 277, 547/. for Educational and Scientific Branches; 25, 390/. for Rewards of Military Services;

75, 860/. for General Officers;

492, 357/. for Reduced and Retired Officers;

184, 523/. for Pensions to Widows, and Compassionate List, &c .;

44, 123/. for Pensions, &c. to wounded Officers;

30, 638/. for In-Pensioners, &c. of Chelsea and Kilmainham; 1, 144, 895/. for Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital;

136, 837/. for Superannuation and Retired Allowances.

23° & 24° VICTORIA & 131.

March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand Pounds^ to defray the Charge of Volunteer Corps in Great Britain, which will come m course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred ninety-six thousand two hundred and twenty-four Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Departments of the Secretary of State for War, and of the General Commanding in Chiefs which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred seventy-four thousand and five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Manufacturing Departments, Military Storekeepers, Barrack Masters, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred twenty thousand one hundred and twenty-nine Pounds towards defraying the Charge of the Disembodied Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eigftt hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two huuclr^ seventy-seven thousand five hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Educational and Scientific Branches, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; find any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-five thousand three hundred and ninety Pounds, to defray the Charge of Rewards for Military Service, which will come in ootntoe of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventy-five thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Pay of General Officer^ which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred ninety-two thousand three hundred and fifty-seven Pbum(£ to defray the Charge of the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which will come in cOtttte of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One btindlied eighty-four thousand five hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Chaise of Pensions to Widows of Officers, and of Allowances on the Compassionate List, whicih W come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not Forty-four thousand one hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Chatf&tf oi Pensions and Allowances to Officers for Wounds, which will come in course of PayinteW during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand six hundred and thirty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and In-Pensioners thereof, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending On'fttt Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Strat; CT Sums of Money not exceeding One million one hundred forty-four thousand eight hundred and ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c., which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of exceeding One hundred thirty-six thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven Potm<l^f defray the Charge of Superannuation and Retired Allowances, which will come in cotfrftfe of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand hundred and sixty-one.

There shall be

XIV. And whereas, in order to provide for the Exigencies of the Naval and Military forUNaval and7 Operations *n China, it has been necessary to incur an Expenditure amounting to JBight Military Opera- ' hundred and fifty thousand Pounds beyond the ordinary Grants for Navy and Amy

Services

577

tions in China in 1859-60.

There shall be issued 3, 356, 104/. for Naval and Military Operations in China, 1860-1. There shall be issued 443, 896/. for Repayment of India Government Ad-

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131.

Services far the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine — sixty / Be it therefore enacted, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounas towards defraying the Expenses of the Naval and Military Operations in China beyond the ordinary Grants for Navy and Army Services for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine — sixty.

XV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three million three hundred fifty-six thousand one hundred and four Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of Naval and Military Operations in China beyond the ordinary Grants for Army and Navy Services for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty — sixty-one.

XVI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred forty-three thousand eight hundred and ninety-six Pounds, for Repayment to the Government of India of Advances on account of former Expeditions to China.

XVII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirteen million two hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bills charged on the Aids of One thousand eight hundred and sixty unprovided for.

XVIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million Pounds, to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds payable on the Eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

XIX. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and Applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred and twenty-fife thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Civil Contingencies to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

XX. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred fifty-five thousand two hundred Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Customs Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million four hundred ninety thousand eight hundred and thirteen Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Inland Revenue Department, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two million one hundred and eight thousand five hundred and eighty-one Pounds, to defray the Charges for Post Office Services, and the Collection of the Revenue, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day erf March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million sixty-nine thousand seven hundred and seventy-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Packet Service, and of carrying into effect the Contract for the Conveyance of Mails between Galway and Ports in America, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four hundred seventy-seven thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge for Superannuations and Compensation Allowances, Pensions, and other non-effective Charges in the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

Civil- Services. — Class 1.

XXL Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and There shall be applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-four thousand five hundred and issued 44, 595/. ninety-five Pounds, to defray the Expense of Maintenance and Repair of the Royal Palaces of

4 D 2 to Royal *aces 5

There shall be issued 13, 230.000l. for Exchequer Bills.

There shall be issued 1,000,000l. for Exchequer

Bonds.

There shall be issued 125,000l. for Civil Contingencies.

There shall be issued 855, 200/. for Customs Department;

1, 490, 813/. for Inland Revenue Department; .

2, 108, 581/. for Post Office, &c.j

1, 069, 778/. for Packet Service, Ste .;

477, 838/. for Superannuations, &c. ', Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office.

Civil Services. Class 1.

I

n

Maintenance, '

ianaujfesittri-porary Accommodation, &c .;

23,000l.1bt* Fbnritun* " fop PfefcHa r I IMpaeimeibts )t 37, 99Ti

New fibber -df ParlUrndni*

100, 440/! fo* Maintenance, > &c. of Royal Parka. Pleasure G rounds, &c .;

5,000l.

Probj^X^Hiiita, and p^strict, JUektrie?: ([

bassy IIoOs^, (abroad; ,

and''Prison CorMtorttiftoOlS;

1fbr'j

Ifattfbcuis 6f 1

Ke^#e^jof.f, r

Ne*rP*MW!t(t

at Holyhea#; 1 40dA forPay, rf&ejmt Port Pa-friek Hwrbdu *, 7, 226/. for WorttsV^c.W KingBlSiMi Harbour; 80, 117/, for erecting, £c, y ihri fditags, Public ^works,

iretahd.

p>!

j., .1 )'\t)

Civil Surviers.

c. llr.

iki.

td the Tbfcty-flttst/Dfty of' Mattel *OActUiutend' eight biiUdveld and sixty-'ohe}; (nntfndy'Suts tw* '* Sums of *' Mdney I not; 1 exbeedlnd One'! hundred > eighteen thoHstfndi tiieo> Ihotdeedchril t^Mty^tlld^'Pbiltlds'to'defrny tlio Esperigeotf Maintenance and Repair of.Public. Bmfding*; for* providing' 'f he nectessdty 'Supply 'of1 Water for itiit kmc, foe tttnts of /gooses focthfe feeflApurAry Accbn'i'fnbdrition* *df Public I D^pat-ttneftt *, ' and ChargedattendantttterMuj jton<tbfe bf> ]tfitdhx (Dhe thoufenfid. eigl/t handled and nixty one 9* and jmy iSmduor 'Shrde of MoheyinOt exceeding Tv»eoty^hfee?hot)8gndPehndsj'to^defrayrthetCBnrgbirinitbfe J^applyl 4nd* Repair of Plrtrriiturelh' thtd vatibuB PubliciDepUrttaents iothe' I Thirty.firaSiIAay 'of Marbli-Ortedhoflseratl'eight'bundre^and'sbity-otaep&iid iwnylSarii-opSbinakf Munfijnnet exceeding''Thirtf-ifebveA1 'thbtfsabd inlnehilndirdd and ometyiBerr«n tPoaiKia*i<tri.defirny 7tbe '(dhav£a, fltt''MFerferi and-Ekpensee at-the Neb*1 MimsCs of* PatlianienrtitdidherTbTrtjrHfiret.jDar bf MftfcH; O be* thousand eight hu Adfbd *Mtd* dix ty-bne? and any Sum'dr Sum* bf.Mikieyiii'dt bxoeAdibg- thtb ^uttdrbd'thoaiand Ifortr hundred mid forty Friaadb, to defray/the. Expeascof fottitittibing dbdi keeping In Repair flip Rbyal* Parks, PUaaure. Grodndgj t&e^ iaad. briifer Oh^ci'conttbbted'th^retTAtH, to the Thirty-met'Duy of MtoehOnotboiiBatodbiglif FrondrfcU and sixty Aoner'ttnd Iny* Snm'ob Sunisof Mon by 'notbkieedimg1 Pi ve tboosti nd Pounds to tftefirby PxpeUseB 'bbbneetfed with the:KBtAbU»hrnent dnd MaintAnanbie of rite Pnoputb fdourt *Regisitritee. to bhe Thirty-ftrst Efey^.of Msroh Onb thobaarKi eight liiuidiieci.funl!

"btte I 'and any Sifrt*'of ' Stints of iHIottey'nef *e*ededi<ig|iThose thousand vuix Ihuadedd and 'thirty-flvtf Poimds/ to i defray the Mxpensb* bf iMaintebanldo* and Rephire. to iEmb^ey TIbusee; '^o .: abroad to the Thirtyifrrst Dby of Marph One tfhodsand eightl hondDed aSd 'sixty-JOnt^ arid"any* Sbtti of ' Stubs ' bf- Money not exbbeding Bi^ht thonsabdi fonrlinuidXdd nbd ' 'Hfty Pbhnds, tb defriy the^i Expense of diilarglAg ' and completing1 thb New Obdsstir '<Offleebi ^te., I*s«d the FrisoA ttt iGonstabtlUoplei 'to-'tWb' Thlrty^firif EtnyoP MdTchnQfie tltouenbd eJ^hi1 hundred1 'arid* 'siktyMmeij' i«wd bny'Sufo'efrSuwAatef/Jkfioneyinol^e'ireaediiig 'Otlb* hundred land1 sixty theiisarid 1 PAuiids, to^strda' defrayiwg thd ExpenHejpf^coristnactiDg toertabti 'ffat'bourssof Refdge'tb Thirtyfifet Day OfnMrtfchdOrie tkbfasbnd arght-Euaunoil

rtnd 'Sicrty-brtb'T #nd* ttdy feSTffl of Sum*' df Monby <no<l e»e^a»ig ' f bguaabfl Pouawlet, tm 'WtObund>o£'t)he*Works'fft the NuW'PhcklsfHtirbpiif «dd Harbour[ofllfcefngeintiHblyikcaditp: tlib* T}t hfy tfirsf ' Dhy of March One1 thlonsririd lelghi hundfoU tend sixty Jouel} andaiiy >S»qi; dr oSutrfs of Mbney Aiet :excfeddinig'I^ur7lsbndifbd' nnd* One PouIiQsJ ta dofitay ithanExpensbnaf 'ttic*dpaytof itith^Estbblishtbdnt' and< the weeusedry Wdrks ati FkwU Patrick) Hnbbaub vtbnthfe fTHirtj^mrktDtiy'of :Iitbrch *One 'fli Onernid bight liuhdrofl and elktyfoao p:aiidl aryz/Siimibr 7Surns)'Of Money nob I Axceedfog7 Se>veh fhonsand two^hungbecf and fewtatynax* tFeufads, -toildefVdy the )f3httfgo !for iW'bik^' n'nd' tbd BttnbtlAhbieitt -bf 'Kriig.-rtO'Wa dllrhonlr.tbntlifc >birttyifiT^t1 l)ny df1'Match' Ooe *thousand ejkhs* hundred "and sikty-onC'jnqdhnycSuibrdr oSniMSiief Money not bxieecdibg' 'Eighty thousand one' hnttdrfd-and) eeventeehnPdiin&viith 'delVay ttie *Expense:of 'bfoAfing/TOpaTfmg, ' a)id nlairitniniilg fho ^erhtPttbticdUiikibigaiih

the fDPparthibttt of the C\innmAsionefA bf Pilhlfe1 Works In iVctdid tO the l/liirtydirst 'Oiy fofrMnrtbf'Onefhikisftrtd'fighthundrednnd elxty-ibri^ '* - "> nii !h/i vn.i-ytzk

I *: I It , tif.ii'i .t(I 0(11 '* M.f

l»ia .i* r. - '* CIVIL &KKVICB^.^Crrt5«, 2.

/I *ifh till ' Tl'll!

/J-iirh

>: ^T

claMS 2t XXII/. Outr ^f iA\ 6t ony tho Aid^ oi* Suplilresr nfo^rcs^id 'tHo

TWifl nppKdd hny S^im bf^Siitl's bf'M^ney'ttot ^xe6eding 8t, 485?. Wrid dghtV^ftj tPbund ^, \o pky ltlii Salnfries /rtid ^Expense^ Wthc^Oflidba^of 'Ad Bloaw^s

tb'thWTIilriy-^fclDiiy/o^nMrtWh^ of CpSrtlitttbrit; ^toUfetfhd 'rfglrt btfliArbd fttifd 6?3tty-^nbarid1 rtAy'Sum '8tfnbs 'rfnfet

53^for tiJe^'Ftfty^lVre^ tliiyusanfl *rfnd' rtineK-fivfe OPbbfldi, 1 to -play Sal^vri's atofr B*peh^fif-c^f*dte

TV^iury' t6 the' Thitty-1iFst E^ay of f UtK *

25, 687/. for the: ^ight hbndfed !rth(l 'fitid StiAi &iu^s of (ir6n^y Mot exoe6ditigftPWwiiybfttie

Home^pmtr >thotl8fiiid; 8ii bikhd^eA ftttd dighty^Veti Po&nd ^, ko ptty tb# Salaries tb^Offlcc

TtnJZ ' Wajeity^ of1 State Ifb^ tbd Htiifte' DeWthidnt'to the

62, 145/.far i v^fe^One thoiiSattd^igM Hiihdred1 ttn(? dixtj^ocie'; Arty Sttfrt'Or SuttW the Fqre%r ^oe^flitig 9lkty^t\V6 tluitisa^d1^One/.hfttidied' ^{bfrty-ffae Pobiid^'1^ pny^fund

xA1 the He^ Mtljefet/h Seeketiry{6f'StAtd^*f^b2igfrfAfl^ife/>md

i. n, .1 hi 1'<Jf the Quefcttr8 *Meseetiget8 and^!Kx!tr^i'G0tlr?et8, thtit

Thitiy-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or

Sums

t-

lunarec

579

Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand*twohiundred and eight Pounds, to pay 29, 208i forDe-UhedSalaiiBs and lExpenaeb in thei Departpeeatof Hfer MajctetyV Secretary oft SheSeii'wbthe c5^Vof'' Colonies'to rtheTAirtJyvfiretDfty' of March One thousand; eight hundred and Iffixty-onehand any I Snail ar! Sutni of 1 Matey not. exceeding; Eighteen [thousand > sfcvep hupdifd, , nnd/ thirty i

Plounds, to ]bhy! thei 8iburiea and Expenses > in/the Department -of> Her Majesty a, (Most u .1

-HonaJurahk Privy Council to thet Thirtyvfimt^Oiiythf 'ftJ^hiQ'ne itbOuflWivd .eight 1: hundred 'u, ' '

* andisiictyiond^iandianySunt'ior Suitis iof Money - not, exceeding; threet fiopartid ithtU* 53, 3M/.fi»

hlimhrfcd^aaA)twenty-ottihePoUnds/1 tbpay ..the, Sal»Eies, arttl Ii«pe9S«% inntheiQfllOb, of the CAinmHteei o£iPriKiyiCouiwib tfof Trado.dioiuding' tin Office, fif th*! Regtetpaft ofnMefxfhftSjt for .Trade, , &«i; fceamen, lfo theiiCim-tryv-fire^Day. tfiMarcfeOna thojietvod eighthutedrfid ftndisixty-onej /afcd 2, 7aat why'StuniopSuHia:o6'M(moy.not eHoectdi»glT^Oith0ii«eftd teyen.hMndrwl.anditrt't^nty Pounds,

toCJiayi the' Salary I of itheo Lord iBrity -Soall ttnd, the Expenses of :bU EstaWishtoent, to ,; thp; '

ThirtyrfiHit 1 Day1 of March One (thousand eight hutdrtdinhdiBixtyrWe jilandnny'.SUBO PT 5, S76ftft>r. 1 <Burasjo£'Maaieynot exceeding Five thousand nine hundred land eeVeUtyrSix Pounds, tol defray.

the Expense of obnduatShgtbeBtiteineSs of the Civil Sery^e Cotni^$shwt[tA the JThifJtyrSrst, °"

IDaiy of March I One thousand eight hundred and aixty+bne; aodufty SiUn lop Sums of Motley j^VQi for, niotbxeeridiig'Seventeen .thousand dve hundred/Pounds to defrey-'theiSidtwiesund Expehass G*SiV '

Mix rhousaou *ax 1 hundred and lUnjjt Jf Puundto, 1 ta , pay/ ttw J^tames.)anrti»xpftps6ftjan the -aUS df Dephrtihent of:rtheiCoiwptrolier, CreneMl b£ the Exchequer t« tlu}.Thrty*fiffltflay, rifMatth "

IO«etthdu8aiidi{%ht JhnndreA and sixf^rdUe p.a^any.^mOBSuuts of Money, nofrexceeditife 30, 5W. for / (Thirty<thousand, fiirei hundred and hftyrnme Poudds.ito -pey^ the Salaries, feUd> Expenses/of P^.9fCw* tUes0fflb«/«£ thbOprinjliamonefanof jH^Majfcsty *, Ij^btl^ilandnBublic.EuiWihgpiioi

ThlrtjrdhM Bay/jdfi MattehiOni thbMaandjtefg^(hundred Tand sixty-orte; taud.ftUy ^unti«jr >3ufa»fflf i Moneyomflext»6dh»g.Tweirtyreixithc(us«nd sevenJnii*irfid|andeightyfthrefc Pounds, 2*fi* ioitoayitheEalaries'jfna Kd^epsesridfjlthd. lOffiee-bfiuWpqditeeFdtiWifc'ift^uXAudiiBetenUbs r°ra»^j hw^THcty-finrtiDisly ofi Match; Onethontand 1 e%h t. hgindoedi ami , »tt^ .And hay. Sum aw Sbou.tif MoneyInatiortabpdiife.Nineteen jthouh&rid.bseihu»dirfl«^ndinib8tyrQt»ftjPe»la<kuto (payKthel'dilariesiiandi Ebpenrtsi of the BeptetttcntJQf lPMbHcBeeordii; , it«lu^ig., the(State Pnper^Officdyrtn tiwa.Thirty-fi»rtiDrtyioOllai)<de.(hie'ihouei>dl«igM hupdrtdi^dd^tifhonet; w

land^'anpSumliorcfiubiaiof-Mos^y net exoeediagi 1 iTfcvoi.h'UndarUd t>ven|yr^twoiithdnSlandinine 222j»a»i to -hilndrei add dikfcfshiafel Besftldj*: to, I defray Expeoeea, fooUoected, with the jA<irt»i itisteatlou ((of eherLkw^ iielfcting toi the Poob te thftThifttyhfirist Day/of MarchOfeeittooneand'tiglUJihirndtid ' i>a .aiaijeiityHane^innd toy Suri.iOBlSume Otw^hwteyiPM.'exeeedinig/Tinrty-two. thoUeandifiV/; hilndredi<ahdl(hiitteon Pounds, ite>idufthjr; ithle CI)a%A.of; AhA'/Ertf|bI^nfetitthdt Mint, the*c*t, '-:"./f inehufingiEipensesuof; the G^ntgei.iUithiefTbiftyrfirfltJ J)sy(d£iMawhi One'thqnshndieiglit " -j. <hundred(ind . saaiy-«enh:)i:ahid'ihAy!l Sum hPj.Sunts /of _Monoy!. net- exceeding (JT\Vehtytohe 21.1^ ftr ' itheneabliUhe hUndridiand- fortyvPmlndsw.to Jay the iSsl^sJatsd Expeneee o^/the Jhsgedtobs.

«f FactjHieay.Mioee, &cL, te(jtbcnThitt.y'iflrrtlPey of Mareit-Giae ithsusind. eight hundred atad Faciori ^, ' *^ sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Mpney/bofcucxeesfliugISiMhbusendit»vo, Jonmxtfaand 6, 234/.ibr thirty-four Pounds, to pay the Salaries of the Department of the Queen's and Lord i'iril19llaIrg'. Treasurer's Remembrancer in the' Kichequor, ' Scotland, 1 of certain Offices in Scotland, and &c- >° " > '

r/rtlwiA r!tiaiwvoa I Ixvrnthrln rvalil! frAiVv TTardtli to vw PavOWWo th tkn Thieiir T\nA'Cft vnk 1

LOrteiitil*)usahdftight, (hundredei>d:6jlttjrftWi/and, uny'(3Hin or-Suws of Moneynfttiepfnecding s^sipor. of-tf^, rtwartid.four, lnn3dted »ftd(:thirty-ppeiPQwdslltp,; defrfty7) the, Chwgp, of.Ssiilafifl8, foi(.tte , Offiefeffl:MidiAttetxaante of .thu'IJ^usehbkl ef jbetJ^dLieutenwttcflf^rfiieudtiiieiijwi Thirty-Jwfct>D*jr of, March/'.One thousand, night/fevudred: a#d#ixty-efte; landitwy Sfun.o^&unjajef V.

., Motoy»ot, 'fXdeetdwg-Sixteen theusenjd .'endieighty^hr/PowndsM, tp ipfty, tlm SaWthsj}Urjd., Qi^%wv . (Exjuertsesiof the Offices, eC the Chief Seeietwy to the hwd Lieutenant^t'ilrejand in rD'/fhiln -w

., 8«d/London!jtObthe/Thwt.y7%tiPn(y1 of, Ma?ehifipe thci'ifnnd hight, hundned sin; s

oaftdMiy) Stu»4Mf, Euuis, of MeuRy.not, es^eding^ixithousand; and, ffinr Booudry to.defVay. tlte '11

|'C^r#eiofotheiDilrtrtsn^t(bf(, thia, P»yinsot^ of, fpijrii Serwcea iai-r^and to, »hpjThhftjffirst

jDay/^hfereh Oon^housaftdeighti hundred, and jtixtyrrpne.iiaod.^ SwjeF.Saajft^l^y ireMd/i

l, not«x«ehdingi Twoj thousand, .seven! hwdredand, tweBtyTone , Pounds to, defray- thu.fedaries s, 7w«-«># ha^ExpUlrte9(ef.'ltho^Offi<»^f; , the, Jpep)B0tQr%of ^yhinwiin, dryland tpj t ha Thirty-

0 first, Psy^ftf; Mpruli j Ore, thousand, eight hwlced/ spd, Hxty-rpne v jw*i xfly^Stwir.fir Swwuof £jJwSd;

to yiw: 1 mtn: on t\/\i l»nt: f*/-ibn.!»l j |, i; >; j, M|i »if ) m. '1, /, .(i , -ni- vMonry

eufiiti

580

23, 661/. for Board of Public Works, Ireland; 33, 118/. for Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts;

19, 160/. for Copyhold, & c. Commission; 12, 790/1 for Imprest Expenses, &c. of Copyhold, &c. Commission; 36, 400/. for General Register Office,

E. and W .; 3, 301/. for General Register Office, Dublin; 5, 8121 for Registrar General of Births, & cl, Edinburgh; 14, 6621 for National Debt Office;

2, 800/. for Public Works Loan Commission; 1, 420/. for West India Islands Relief Commission;

6, 166/. for Lunacy Commission, England and Scotland;

1, 223/. for Superintendent of County Roads, South Wales; 2, 153/. for Registrars of Friendly Societies;

32,000l. for Foreign and other Secret Services; 335, 2851 for Stationery, &c. for Public Departments;

128, 628/. for Postage of Letters on the Public Service.

Civil Services. Class 3.

There shall be issued 24, 245/. for Office of Solicitor to the Treasury, including Pro-

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131.

Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand six hundred and sixty-one Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Public Works in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-three thousand one hundred and eighteen Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum Or Sams of Money not exceeding Nineteen thousand one hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds, to pay the Imprest Expenses under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixtynmfc; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-six thousand four hundred Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrar General, England and Wales, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand three hundred and one Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrar Genfefad, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one ?T4uid any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand eight hundred and twelve Poti&ls, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrar General of Births, 8cc., Edinburgh, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty^jnfe; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen thousand six hundred1 *id fifty-two Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the National Debt Office to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand eight hundred Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Establishment under the Public Works Loan Commissioners to], the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sturi hr Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand four hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Establishment under the West India Islands Relief CoritmissiO^eta to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand one hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to pay the contingent Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England, and the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day1 of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty -one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and twenty-three Pounds, to defray the Salary and Expenses of the General Superintendent of County Roads in South Wales to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand one hundred and fifty-three Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds, to defray the Charge of Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thirty-five thousand two hundred and eighty-five Pounds, to defray the Expense of Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Public Departments, and for Printing, &c. for the Two Houses of Parliament, including the Expense of the Stationery Office, to the Thirty-first Day of March' One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred twenty-eight thousand six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge for Postage of Letters on the Public Service in the several Departments to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one. 111

V'TTO M

Civil Services. — Class 3.

XXIII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand two hundred and forty-five Pounds, to defray Law Charges, and the Salaries, Allowances, and incidental Expenses in the Office of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury, including

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131.

Prosecutions relating to Coin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, to defray the Expenses of Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions, formerly paid out of County Rates, including Salaries in lieu of Fees to Clerks of Assize and other Officers under the Criminal Justice Act, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred twenty-three thousand four hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to defray certain Charges connected with the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Police in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand two hundred and twenty Pounds, towards defraying the Expenses of the Crown Office, Queen s Bench, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand six hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to defray; the Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Expenses of the Admiralty Court, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand nine hundred and seventy-six Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the i Commissioners and other Officers, and the Expenses of the Insolvent Debtors Court, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-four thousand two hundred and eighty Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the County Courts to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-one thousand four hundred and thirty-seven Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Police Courts of the Metropolis to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding . One hundred thirty-one thousand eight hundred and sixty Pounds, towards defraying the, Expenses of the Metropolitan Police to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Queen's Prison to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three thousand three hundred and forty-two Pounds, to defray the Salaries of the Lord Advocate and of the Solicitor General, Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand and ninety-one Pounds to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Session in Scotland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand and sixty-six Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand five hundred Pounds, to defray the Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions carried on under the Authority of the Lord Advocate to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the legal Branch of the Exchequer in Scotland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Forty-three thousand Pounds to defray the Charge of Sheriffs and Stewards, including Procurators Fiscal not paid by Salaries, and the Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Sheriff Courts in Scotland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-two thousand five hundred and thirty-five Pounds, to defray the Salaries of such of the Procurators Fiscal in Scotland as are no longer paid by Fees to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand two hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Salaries of such of the Sheriff Clerks, Scotland, as are not chargeable on the Revenues of Customs and Excise to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred

581

secutions relating to Coin, &c .; 100,000l. for Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions; 223, 475/. for Police in Counties and Boroughs;

l, 220/i for Crown Office, Queen's Bench; 10, 675L for Registrar of the Admiralty, and Admiralty Court, Dublin; 5, 976/. for Insolvent Debtors Court;

34, 280/. for Court of Probate, &c .;

200, 275/. for County Courts;

21, 4371 for Police Courts of the Metropolis;

131, 860/. for Metropolitan Police;

3, 500/. for Queen's Prison;

3, 342/. for Lord Advocate and Solicitor Gen., Scotland; 18, 091/. for Salaries, Court of Session, Scotland; 11, 066/. for Court of Justiciary, Scotland;

5, 500/ for Criminal Prosecutions by Lord Advocate; 1, 620/. for certain Officers in the Exchequer in Scotland; 43,000l. for Criminal Pro* secutions, &c. in Scotland; 22, 535/. for Procurators Fiscal in Scotland;

15, 260/. for Sheriff Clerks, Scotland;

23'?4:.2-t'!VtMrFRir^, l fc. sKtl; '

2, 150/. ftr \i.on hi6»dftid:*ndi«iHtorr0M«((i aod(*nvfaui», ec Suroa-of.Mortey nobexceeding-Xwo thppSfmdoop&i-i Kvwttsato.->ii'hupd f ed1; md) fifty iDofsadsl To> defrty: Expetweti ionMjitWits lofTatftcsj #rtd the; Expenseftipf/[TOie^ftcc'i^- tHk>'4gtfct of thci Officeifoof State iiv.wffintiu&wfs RightejCf^Gwlrn ia

o£tiioqoii', Mn-S^bDd*ite/(th^(ElijteJ-ft^iPbyiof)Mi«ek Aao.tbowaodteight/^B^dr^i.aJB^Sfiol/I i5, s.i«uftr.>, i, vai^' {jnj/rSUin.'jwlSiiuiftOjf' Monej'/lnotl (exceeding, Fifteen- thciwswtd 4igHthundr/^Ao^ fifteen, ii

i, o#trw , J', uti4B^e^fiOT'awltyoodft«(.hwfl ebynSrito -oriSPewnof <Mp»pjt aoi^ecteog, Qn0ithputew1o<lP^io ' r.&qtJte^rtPcpadMo idefeafrithfe&Uwa and iEfcpcnfeoa fin; the, Depprt went© £ , tho GcmMiaw^j/KI burgiv'i .i"110 Cfeefe ^inbilrghj i tof the TJtorty-firat.Doyof Marfch lOnc tthousan4. eight* i> updted, apd, sixty* >a i, 3«r'i/oi-, "'kl'il'bnfiflr )aijtloil{ SumitfiSuai^ofrM^bejriuofceseOedklg Qua Slogaafcdi%, 44iiwdfle<l)ai»jit^e«|y-io ^c^WW.:pi^tlP«odaj(te defaty tfec -Sciatica aiplExpen&s, in the-Dejjwrl^nbo^.thoiAde^untelWfeieri}

ib)S?ptUtWl >tb the :TIhirty:fir»ti , Dayi of M4t?eh OnCutbeluaand eigbblMtedpedtiW&r:

64.63^.'/oy, !''|.'^ii?ty*opBt:lahdihnyt Senhori Sunwof jMohey, BQtoxycedingrSiMy-fottii thoutendiW^fhundfedcii;

fo-^nduthMtyflfoui!'?oundaHor <tefi»y the .Expanse, of QrinuP&l Prosecutions etui othw itytfd ft >, *'*, ChargesilnlluidnBdMte the Thirty-first Day Of March One thousand eight hundredi«#4jMttTK>n:'"°.bn^ifjapdiMySUIn on Smnaotf Money inatiefcceeding Thi^eithou?and; nine.hw4«d PowdalO iH^; '; i; oj(last»yi(tht'Sainrios andiEicpeosetof contain iQffitere Of thciCeurt of Chaaderyiiift Jhwhfllo Dey iof/MfttdhnOotl'itbOuaand feighfc.Hundred, aodi, «xtynhne:Utwdil«ijr7.o niefi[Mi<ttoii8iHn4afi Money: rtdt. OxcttdiagnTbrw ti»aaj^|th0ree h«ndred Wi(l; fifty, I?ic«in^a*ltOffi Quote ^.H^'jrltsErrty ihr^r iSklarle^of-eertaipjOfficbrs and? the! incident^ .Ertpeptesi of the; Court of; ftuef nfem: irelaDd'; io^IredaacL, to tlm.Thurty-fiiKt /Bay 0fiM4r«ll>C»0 thotisapdeighib Iwu*jre4rftd4 OUttynCI

3, i3i/0ftr\1 Te-.^n^tabdf.anjt'&t^osrrSomeyof. MoBey, 8bt!^ooeding.Xhtee, 'tlioi*stndi:dne, hund«od^andl/ X^y.a^.'Hlt&tvttfde jPotindaiittb ddfiray that Snbmaa ofj*erta5n; ^)%*i!a Und.-itho weideptMiExpcMefeff'L ireiai^ , ..^lip, (|C«>«rfcWf 'GommefrtPlcaa^n/Indtad to>; ithe iXhifcty-ftrctfltoy of, MbrohiQtfe thousfendl/1 itM6&:f^r/oo-ei§bGbw0dted>and^ toduaajf .fiftti" or Sums of Money not exceeding ^titafooxo

a»d aiaitir 'y<wt»d»i to defray the Salaries of certain Officers and ihftob Ireiaj^f*'1'1^ " incidental Expenses of the Court of Exchwpier in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day ofiM|4i'lo

Cririi/uji

secutityls, IrelaoaT 3, 90$*? CourtVf

o.^rfrwi§^7r0ne thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Suui or Sums of Money not exceeding to Taj*!rff*" -^wo hundred Pounds, to defrayHl^Safe^ the Taxing Officers for the

corit^tSZ*Hti'iT-t^wi Cpw't%iJmlatYl»tolitlM1; Thiflty-fi^, payIcf^4fch!Ouerithoi«ftnd, eight JtoKfrJll .-), 6tetfi at; hMj^arfdifti^tyffufliianAAfty iSamn* Swuiu ofiM/wcy flflf excetdrpg-Fiv.e thousttod/ftixihpnd^1 *

to ^wt^SSf r^wwi^fitfJitdeitayoCoftipe^h^. t^Sea«yjp|hel- and other Officers of-MftUdt CcurtlitiBnt;

.ihp ^rtynfirsb^ayiiCfiMareh^Aft thousand eight hundred Jin, di9ixtyhPB.9d-, hl>4't<. 2 6761 for atjy., SutoiiOTfSirtf.Mopeyi; Ptot hsee^dwgtlTwo thousand six hundred 4*d, ieeMentyT//ighbu;

oWftrTtfc^1 ^Vtttdw tp.defr/w wtoitv, S4%rite'andtUe/ip^4cnl4l jtt thft Offisc fw

Kistraftttn#iHigg1of d^dgw^Ptedn1f>-qlaud, to4hQiT'hu; f>fira(t1DaM of, March Oneithdueafl4t»^4ihwMfeNon

ftf Sn|B#, 'ftf Mte»ey(Wt[exceeding, Seven tht«candjer^, lHWds^:i 7, 692/. ^rig^l 'iaiiAwtvet-yTttt; fti?o|unflfe^o, 4efilayithe.Salaries pfthcd!udgfa; 4nd. Officer^and(liteifeIcotdlfI i; .Vics, 'ae)<lfi-:|E^ppn8fi$/cf! tibe^Ccurtiof dhipkfuptey/«hd, Inaoirfepoy ip Ircl£tod»-anf}t the Qonij>fep#at»nyoH

tite ITyepticth ppd.'jCw^ptynfirct .Years, of Hep Majesty^Chapter.'! iXnd^\oV.d, ^Kfyi; iteithP.vPhir^tfir^t./p»y, Iof Mflteh Ope.^h^esfld ^hbhphdee^ )«Ad(«i»t9^lMi<iwt|t-j

7, 380/. foWsita ^iqy, StffPbOT! ShiuCi of .iMppejf: pofi-Cxo«qding, >Scywn, thousand, ithree, hWtdted; . abd; leigUtyci

Couit^P-TScun jpg^p ^ftltwiep of :the; C<l'Yrt; of, P5-pWte >n, lIrqlfta4jiand the Expenses cfltthen'l

i?ckndji>i 5i7f.A«Bd»; Cw*to|i ofitMoPisfeript Eiegpftetes*to^he TWrtyi6rttJ?uy.bf March One tluwtanfjtb il.gsH^t^1 -^osiei^Jtt, julpdred, opd >sb?ty^\ne i-.i0^d. ppy; Svmi dr Su.ipa #f' i Moneyi pot *3Uwed»guEJfcy«t(lt Lrf^lisiHtHi'Thcrtjsend /?hrWi , hpu%pd i ppd nftftjtrppe, iRoupdst to.d^fay, tbpf ^aiaries of the Officerfetofi thb ni court, j^pc^iiEstatee, ! Ccpr^i irclppd.utei the<, Tlurtifrfiret. Day March Oner: thousand v«gl*0« too/.-fortifima., hmd^d^pd.flb^y; , ppd, ta4y; i$prti p? Sump of Mpoeyt^o'b.erdtediagi Ftwit huudwa fMkb

Fl-Rqtemtotetippr.toiHevisjpg Eurristers ift the, Citycf; DMffiactdth«iCFhirty«M I^IPph.OskQt ^bHsapd eight; , huP<ite4.M<} si4tynQttel>uftdi; aPy Stt»^l8B»ofrn ofdicrk to Alopey pftt; .Th/teq, lyjcdted T^QpndsK te deftej the Sal4ry-of the IClfeFkf ta >the^C)o&xt A

V'°?rtijiin^: ^ivKfrw%hml thd ipQidfpt^ RxpcpscftoC.^e^teldCeurt ftnd .ofithc^Court «f firi^piut ^oro .'d iClipfl^h^ ipfjrelaud*; te[thP ffibwiyiifert, iP>Vi!«f March Cfod ithouhantlr eight hundroictoidt

"i< i .mV bS

588>

eixtyjolteqwwf nttji Shitti ofp SdoiB qrf- Moiteymot:eaoeeditar Oba, thousandt» Pbunde^tw'dfefriiy 4i#e; SahMdesof'&eiB^lice MdttwpAlj*:'iif)

firi&'Day *efMAt^KhW'theu^aad1 Aighthdndredittndsixty-on&'j and' atiV1' Stntf ir Swn& of ^g^gg/ MbfteyTtW ejJe&sdlngl Foriy^Lx tfeflWgand 'sevfeA htmdfed1 arid(Eighty Pounds ', ibwtfrd* dfefra^- iMetropolitan

thfclPhitt^-first) !Dsy of 'Sfeu*cH>Otf©thonfea Ad eight buiidied; and' eixty-oub ^uad nny'Siifai^r'W.sejX^f.

SdiAi'ef Menejf'rtot*Axbeedmg1 S&\(Ai>Jfttihdtediind'awea Uhodeabd fivehUndrb<Ljt«fl i

onfei'Pohwfe, Mi defhly- thie'B*pefH« «f ih^C5omadwllat>y iPofcedn Ireland ito the TAAt^fhiJt1 >force'lrd

Day >ef 'Mawti 0be>thooittittl' pi^he hhadfednaiqd -iJiity-onb j 1 «6dikwSMh<dr, Summ'4 tiMAdpty ' >§, 717^#^.' | notvjxbeidittg TWoi tfobtte&nd iseveb IrotAlreid*Ad teeyehlefen PoUn^ *, td tdefraj?, the Ex^oftbed teouits Mar-.

thoudattd ^igh^ hubdr^d a^ ewti-onb !oaftd:»nyi6ii' ep SutMfe 0 Mother mot'deaoeeiditt^1 ',

Scto^feeiitlKfo&ijid'stolen*htiftdfttf And Ifeted'jPbumlfe, ten dEfmji theiGhtoge'of*Pfw^jNg?-'. '

nov.exceewing; j>«w nunorecr anu >eigni 'inousanu' and iweuij-nine .toudus, to ueirey ine irisons and j

CWrgeof GfotewAnent Prisons Atid ©aAviot' ^Establishments At home* the Thirtyufifet Day vj?"hrict ^8tft" oflMireti ©n< 'theasAAd eight hundred andfety-otie*; And any qSuhAor Sumsef Mbiysy 'nbt

exneding< One ht»|idfedi'flftyi-nih«tHoityand ihtfee hutidred1 add flftyieevefal PoiAwJ&i to defray >«

thetihfpttis'd tPifaWKwAi in* 'GJbiwtj* Gaels, iMefownWtbry In«fcuHon0j'^"ie"w<*of/,

andnLu AAtlo AflylAmi' aiwPthe>$hiAekaee' 1 Af1 >ihei Removal 4 >Conv*rts ,; -to- the 1'Riwty-fltAt '

Di»yt©£ Mwrch' Ufte1 tiwwuabd' elgnt hdAdi-ed 'And siAiy-tenAq<q«ilcI'an$i <Suiiv*Ar (Sum* «f<boimct*t Mbney^tiefci 'exceeding 'Twetiiy1 thbbsaad I eiX'>hufldeed wnH sbventyKfne^ Po»ftd«j> to I defray1 so, 67 lt.'ftr-Et/pmim]*>Anfedt6d>iwfthr!th&^ of OeiwidtsJ&d; totlhe 'Hikttynfiiyt Day of '

Alhtvth'Otife thWisitnd Wight hdAdtetf ajid'Aiktjwbne*} irndl nAyiBaarl'Jr'Sume>bf MAnev hot exeefeditk^ Qttb httHdred^evont^h^e thorfsaftd eight hundred and twenty-[30veA Fbunas, to Con Vict Est«- - 1 defidyltM -Bith'ibhe'bf 'the iGenvk^ 'EstiabHghiTidnW id thie>fC(4hrireA *e WMygJ!1 tt!'."..' i

h> -nil lo -. /-ir-.q/M Ii.3«r-jl>r.aF e.

gitihwx.* t'tfi c>ao]/. 'to -.rsi.jH »> nii.- n*r. I>.in; no -t v/]-. Lrn: fi /tI>nnrf Jil-jio on< hmlfijtfMkifc '

Of ft wt ^>aiZ; :T oft i

btMW htiy1 the Al4s W there^hto laml rr^y bc Jesi^ed ^Th^re Bhill^b#

6i Soms^f&fohey ilot dxo^ing Scy^ti htiridwfl trf^fy^ight thcnlsai^ 7»a, i67/^ on%^*huttdi*Cf^ #&&11 iix^Mreri^; ^defray' (lie Cfuirg^ for* fiibfiy Edticif?dh; ^IbSiSSb tb^ rof ©ben thbliflfttid blg^tr fili^r^d r^irfJ sFxty-1' pr^t ^Jtein; ,

onfel}ri^Wd-Any ^fri^Cfcefiii)g:ilfinejKylf(iiiY'*thdttsai(d^ biiib^hiindbed^b^Ulibr

anflififtyJdBfe Pttiuids, % ^PV^tof

of^SbletocdQrttd^Arfcj^f ihi^dTO6ltetbrbugbddt+th^(K^g^ll}n^y<£iie^Io^ L\

witlWMliiUtf ^>lh^G^6logidai[Slifv^ bf add ' *' t, -V

Day^r^O^ ibikWawft ^igfetr«tlttttd^ty4h^«j a»dW StOiuf><#:

ncJb^din^lx[4tid ftvrt}^oiie Pb^ds; 'to fS»few df; ^k1 thte' '

EipfcHda) ot tfeb:1 tJft^r^ty "or jj^aon tov me xnirty-nm uny or jaarcn1 uiie; ' tnousattcr 'London, ei^h^huttdre^ Attdtil&tfaiie f iJnd1 toy fetoYnJbY Siitilfe Mc/iiey noi yxdefediil^1 ^eVen tlMieiibd^7, 630/. fori six^iWl^r^di abd^; SMCt$sM Urii^rMiee, d^fV^ye&lT f.

froniithe Dtfy^oT Mfodto&te 'ihirimti F*^*;

ei^*btui8red1^d ^, 3A^-^ii^l514nd rihy S^hA Str^ne" tibC ^Wceetling tFWo Hfeouiafal %371^for.

tliffc# KdbcVsd^and se^etity-'One/rP6nml», to defftiy x

in dii-^lkiid tot tflle Thirtywefe 'Dktfr of McircW On^: iHotiSdnd' eight1 hundred: 5aAd *!

an^toy Sutti 'oft SuM >bfilbnby ekb^edibg Po«^1 thbusl^d ri^hf hWydredrPohi^y to U, 6oo/ for

defioiy IceAainl fixptil^e^; of1 thd QtieenV ©oHeg^ Fn I^rfancl to ttie;

afid* Mid' attyrStiffly notjexwdi»g*tiV(y linnd^ed PotftKfe; the; E*^eil^ bf^ fhy^KbyaJ fefeh '

AiadeiijP^a tbb of1 M^toh ©nb tbdl^and^lgbt hbAdft&d tttid

and)a^yrB«ifc hr Sum of'^lbne^'ttol" exob^dteg^ htoidbed Pobildss to |>iy]'nt60oi for

th^nSaboibsirof ?tlyi^ ' G&dtewife ^and fiht Sip^nsbi" bf^thfe1 Geb^rtli 5^?logical

-y^26? & 24 Vict. 4 E Assembly's " '

IlTtod; 001 for Royftt ri#kAcjid«tnj'(

§64

Retired

Allowances,

&c. Belfast;

11, 670*. for Purchase of Pictures, See. of National Gallery

4, 700*. for Magnetic Observations abroad, &c .; 500/. for Royal Geographical Society;

1,000l. far Experiments by Royal Society; 100, 850/. for Salaries, &c., at British Museum, including Buildings, &c .; 270, 722/. for Public Education, and Educational Commissioners, Ireland.

Civil Seeticbs. Oa* 5.

4, 300/1 for Civil Establishment, Bermudas; 6, 628/: for Ecclesiastical Establishment in British North America;

I, 600^. for Indian Department, Canada j 30,000U for British Columbia) 24, 728/. for West Indian and Colonial Governors;

18,000l. for Stipendiary Justices in West Indies and Mauritius; 10, 230/. for Civil Establishments, West Coast Of Africa; 6, 273/. for St. Helena \

MOt for

Heligoland;

4, 0671 for Falkland Islands \

6, 65 51. for Labuan;

II, 472*. for Emigration Board, &c.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131.

Assembly's College at Belfast, and Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the National Gallery, including the Purchase of Pictures, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand seven hundred and ninety Pounds, to defray the Expense of Magnetic Observations abroad, including the Superintendent's Establishment at Woolwich, also for Observations and Services under the Direction of the Astronomer Royal, and for Meteorological Observations at Sea, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to enable the Royal Geographical Society to provide Accommodation for their Meetings, &c. to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, to enable the Royal Society to carry on certain Experiments for public Objects to the Thirty-first Dtfy of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the Salaries and Expenses of the British Museum, including also the Amount required for Buildings, &c., to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sato or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred seventy thousand seven hundred and twenty-two Pounds, to defray the Charge for Public Education in Ireland, under the Charge of the Commissioners of National Education in Ireland, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

Civil Services. — Class 5.

XXV. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Satn or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand six hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Indian Department in Canada to the Thirty-first Day of Maroh One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of British Columbia to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-four thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds, to defray the Charge of the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West Indies and certain other Colonies to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, to defray the Salaries, Allowances, and Contingencies of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies and the Mauritius to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand two hundred and thirty Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand two hundred and seventy-three Pounds, to defray Charges connected with the Island of Saint Helena to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Charge of Heligoland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand and sixty-seven Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of the Falkland Islands to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand six hundred apd fifty-five Pounds, towards defraying the Charge of Labuan to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eleven thousand four hundred and seventy-two Pounds, to defray the Charge of the

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131. 586

Emigration Board, and of the Emigration Officers at the different Ports of this kingdom, also to defray certain Expenses connected with Emigration, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not 12,000l. for exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, to defray Expenses incurred for the Support Of of <*-

captured Negroes and liberated Africans, and other Charges under the Acts for the Abolir tion of the Slave Trade, to the Thirty^first Day of March One thousand eight hundred African^ and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand seven hundred 10, 750/. for t. and fifty Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Mixed Commissions established J-

tinder the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves to the Thirty- siav^T^ade ilrtfc Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or SumB 262, 22a/. fwr of Money not exceeding Two hundred sixty-two thousand two hundred and twenty nine ^, Eular Pounds, to defray the Expense of thfe Consular Establishments abroad to the Thirty-first abro^ Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fiixty-onei and any Sum or Sums of 23, 320/! for Es-Money not exceeding Twenty-three thousand three hundred and twenty Pounds, to defray tabtfshments hi the Expenses of the Establishments in China, Japan, and Siam to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money 50000l.for not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, for the extraordinary Disbursements of Her extraordinary Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand IHsbursements

Z, , , ., J nfTCmVinarioc

eight hundred and sixty-one.

of Embassies, &c. abroad.

Civil Sfcnvrass. Chaw 6 *

There shall be issued 173, 713/. for Superannuation Al-

Civil Services. — Class 6.

XXVI. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-seven thousand seven hundred and thirteen Pounds, to defray the Charge of Superannuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed in the Public Service to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand one hundred and forty Pounds, to enable iHoifor*' Her Majesty to grant Relief to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, St. Domingo Sufferers, Toul<m and 'American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Corsican Em»-'MftjeBty, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; grwU' &o. c. *, and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, 325?- for the towards the Support of u The Refuge for the Destitute " to the Thirty-first Day of March D«$tate°r One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding 3, 353/'. for Three thousand three hundred and fifty-three Pounds, for Payment of the Allowances Polish Refute Polish Refugees and distressed Spaniards to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand 8eCS> &c> >

* eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four 4»opiLfoi! "thousand and eighty-one Pounds, to pay Miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from 'the Civil List, the Hereditary Revenues, &c., and for which no permanent Provision formerly deltas been made by Parliament, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight frayed from hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five 2339i hundred and thirty-nine Pounds, to pay to the Treasurers of Publio Infirmaries in Ireland Treasurers of the Allowances granted under certain Acts of Parliament to the Thirty-first Day of March Public Infir. One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of the "Westmoreland Look Westmoreland Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Lock Hospital; sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred Pounds, towards "ooi for Ro-defraying the Expense of the Rotunda Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first y°da; i^ing'm Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of 200/.for* ' Money not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Coombe Cooinbe Lywg-Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred in Hospital, and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand six hundred 7:tSs^HotoB Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Hospitals of the House of Industry, Dublin, to the of industry v Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sam or 2, 5oof. for ' Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Founds, towards defraying the Honw Re' Expense of the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, Dublin, to the Thirty- Coik Street; first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums 600Z. for Meath of Money not exceeding Six hundred Founds, towards defraying the Expense of the Meath Hospital, Dub-

4 E 2 Hospital, hn 5

m

i . Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin |fl 1, 300/* for Steeve^' Ho* pitak Dublin; 26.j/.4fcr Board of Superintend dencoctf.HoS'i*-pitals, Dublin; 8, 847/.fl>r<3hft^ ritable All<rw*> anew, &o .; 71 *

39, 747/. for H Nonconforming, &c. Ministers ill Ireland,

Civil Srbvices.

CkWiTniuV

There UiaJI lie

for paries, j&'g. und^ [jocaiCipf-vernnient A<£| 3, 7^ ,

I c'cMasOcal Connm»*ioiuTa; 17, 071'/. for

Charitj'tpW*!

t. and W; 37, 4*0*. for Sundry tem* .[poraary 4?oui-

niissiona j ,; oD 28; *20* for t.I

FeOs, &q. under Latent Lew

Amen. Act; 12, 996/. for Board of ^Fisheries, ScntlaaA1; 2,000l. for Annuity to Floard of Manufacturer?; , Scotland j

5,000l. for Highland Ifcads and Bridges; 900/. for Pub-

Ancient Laws of fnddndf; 58.7091 for Pensions to

Masters,

of Merchant

Service ^nebal

20#C0/. for

British &rame» abroad; iU:j, .,] 4,000l. for Quarantine Arrangenieptaj 50,000l., for. Duet payable

JlQgpiita1, Djublin. to fhc Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-cme; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred Pounds, towards

defraying the Expense of St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin, to the Thirty-first of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand three hundred Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of Doctor Stecvens* IlpspifoJ, Dublin, to the Thirty-fhvt Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one j and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two hundred and sixty-five Pounds, to defray the Expenses of the Board of Superintendence of Hospitals in Dublin to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand eight hundred and forty-sevui Pounds, to pay ('haritable Allowances charged on the Coneordatum Fund in Ireland, and other Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's I Inu>chuld, Civil Contingencies, AiL to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand seven hundred and forty-seven Pounds, to defray the Expense of Xoii-conforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one.

Civil Servicer — Class 7.

XXVII. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may he is-ned and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand and ten Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of the Office in London under the Local Government Act to the Thirty-first Day of March One Thousand right hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money hot exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray a Portion of the Expenses of the Ecclesiastical Cohlimssionprs for England to the Thirty-first Day of* March One thousand eight hundred and dxty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand and seventy Pound.-, to pay the Salaries of the wmrity\Commission for England and Wales fo the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand four hundred and eighty Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expenses of sundry temporary Commissions to the Thirty-first Day of March (hie thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand two hundred and twenty-nine Pounds, to defray the Pees, Salaries Expenses, and Compensations payable under the Provisions f)f the Patent Law Amendment Act to the Thirty-first. Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twelve thousand nine hundred and ninety-eight Pounds, to pay the Salaries and Expense^ of the Board of Fisheries in Scotland to the Thirfy-finT Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand Pounds t.o defray the Charge on account of the Annuity to the Board nf Manufactures in Scotland in discharge of Equivalents under the Treaty of Union to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds on account of the Commissioners of Highland Loads and Bridges to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Hxty-one: and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Nine hundred Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Commission appointed to supenniend the Publication of the Ancient Laws and Institutes of Ireland to the Thirty-first Day of March' One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand seven hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge* for Pensions to Masters and Seamen of the Merchant Service, and to their Widows and Children under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for Compensation to the late Officers of the Trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; ami any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pound's to defray the Charges on account of distressed British Seamen abroad fo the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, to defray Expenses connected with Quarantine Arrangements to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pound-, to

defray

o

W Si ik VWss.fk

Biglit liunclre(l ^pd ux^pmiA agy, Qr, {Syms not

1 ousand Popncjs^tp pay jfpp Bounties of Slaves and the.^fonpage Bounties on

(tft |d$frayfife, EbqpepspyO^pjre^tl^ OT<j maintaining certain Lighthouses abroad to

&ye thousand Popndsf(tppay .; ^y ir/muivg w*r *1* __ T

TC(ipfur^ *e ^irty-firpfi Day of March Oiic'tlioii^nci eigtit^liundr

mj J^ty^ppp; , find ?apy Sp^ .Qi: Money not exceeding Seventeen thousand

maintaining certain Lighthouses abroad1.1 m Tpfriyrfi^t ^y{, of ^jjch, Ope[t]tf Oiipflpd eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Strips^p^yipof^XQeediflg^ two hundred and sixty-six Pounds, to defray

C^arigB^i CQnpec^/Y^i; ^' Settippp^htj' of the Orange River Territory (Cape of Good

the pe^epient; and Goveynment of British Kansan

W'^TOfen*?»- . 9; */i^r?

mi hundred and forfy-two^ounds, to defray Expenses Pn account of the Treasury V/h^sf to the Thirty-first pay' dr jMar^h One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Bums of Money hot exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, to fulfil the ^Engagements entered into by Her Majesty's Govern-SH*.* Qpn?pame? in, the Year *nding|<L>

Day , of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any bum, or, Sunid of Money

M&k^glS&en fc^'feuhdfcfaK-defiay-the 'd.f W'fte

wit a vu -I T jTi aSa/T) oni *{xA 4)iii; -t'''mijrf ttJl i c<bo« o3>umU

e unargeqf^r, Bailee, l^iu'iling the Hire of a' Sfeifmei\

* A':" wv mwf

U V 'illlhf rMS^lOVlMjgL AMR

w Eleven

offche Expedition to the River Zambesi,

jthojjssjnd Iff ye ti uhdr^a. ^6uria&^ t

under Treaties of

-^[ov^.rj/r

SSfMfeivfiifO BpiiiitieilcMLaiq StatestfflfeW'i >apttmd}vr, i^ 17/0Mta(forftar.] E4gfeflt*ifetir w ifcbrsadvtqi/^ i<>

wJttling (Qrfatgp WifttVItelTK *

to»ytl/. 'Idr.ln 27, QOft&f<jr>''i:« Kaffirs, and Government of B. Kaffmria >; 32

Experi*£s8ri: 11

accdtirtlWf

Treasur^Otieih

S*flQ0k4<mn')

Submarine)

HWisj itrt^NWafs11

Jnvrmmr

Tmvufr,

Sg&g&n

c^W?"i

2, 0CK* for^.TC llegirnfatidwet

Joi4W>ytOS3fcioti

Compwiiest, nl

1, 708 *

MitM at ' 4 De^n40ffl«6h

, to A .nyrriA 17, 8*/.\fcfV; l

JlmtbM&tnn *

not exceeding rworfhousan

r':fu?r; a m]V?_vU»vJlU/; _: *ui<

- _ .JriS: PL^n'Arr"'iir -oi n:iiS viiwfiri; : '

Jbiindsy towards the h ormation of the Gallery, of Portrait^ of the rppst eminent Persops

Si-nish History^ in t^io Year ^ending Jhc Tiyrty-first Day of" Maych, Onp thousand ei

SliM°aha 's^xty-one: and any £>iim coV!b- — wi

Phhr^ jIIU> defray the ^xjpep^Q. roE adjps

fiifhdred, and sixtyrbne; r and finy Supi or 3pm^ of Money pot exceeding Three thousand S^liiVtiar<a4 and fifty ^ounds^io/defr^ i^e Gost^of cofflec^pg^' JjLcr^riciiltural and Emigration

, v, t ..... Wph ..«wJfex.ffr

ff.?.te8^d «$ h .^.r^ ipr?wfl. ww

"ciu

_ Jne thousariq

innr vm; u :; ^uno-Yf/ay Dllt

not exceeding live thousand

two

Hn^llxk^oiie ari^ ffl Mooney

2,000l. for Gall*^ M("Kt #W#lTifSt .:K, >w:* :ft br.j; UWQf.ifcr.fifH. definingjBoyuAf (\twm vf&wn-

tie8, Jrtto!rtn, 3flSOUpr>:^: Agrir ultnteJ, i

andJSqvgmttaia StmimMoi/: Ireland n ^, 10,000l. for Site^SrtiW^ Court *

Dublin! i, koMb 669/,

VitM?Wu' '

i»jF"n'A

ass

1

WOO

Caledonta

Canals.

1, 914/. for Gun Metal for Bas-Reliefs and Tablets;

1, 680/. for Inquiry concerning Sovereignty of Fiji Islands;

2, 500/. for Drawings by Old Masters ft>r British Museum; 5,000l. for National Gallery, Dublin $

5,000?. for Industrial Museum Edinburgh; 2, 660/. for Guard Boom, Windsor Castle;

15,000l. for additional Accommodation in National Gallery; ,

10,000l. for temporary Accommodation

for foreign Secretary; 18,000l. for Site for Foreign ' Office* &c.t >

38.170/. for new Bridge at Westminster; 80,000l. for Approaches to ditto;

1, 500/. for Repair of Caris-brook Castle; 87,0001 for Telegraph between Rangoon and Singapore;

1,000l. Grant to Prof. Hansen of Gotha; 5,000l. towards Sheriff Court House, Scotland;

6, 300/. for Capt. Palliser's Expedition;

7,000l. for Reward to Capt

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 131.

two hundred and sixty Pounds, to complete the Repairs of the Crinan Canal, and to pay off outstanding Charges on the Caledonian Canal, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand nine hundred and fourteen Pounds, for the Purchase, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, of old Gun Metal for the Bas-Reliefs of the Wellington Testimonial in tire Phoenix Park, Dublin, and for the Erection of Tablets in Chelsea Hospital commemorative of the Loss of the " Birkenhead99 and " Europa " Transports; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, for defraying the Expense, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, of the Inquiry into the Expediency of accepting the Offer which has been made by the Chief of the Fiji Islands to cede the Sovereignty of those Islands to Her Majesty; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand five hundred Pounds, to meet the Expense of purchasing Drawings by Old Masters, formerly in the Lawrence Collection, for Deposit in the British Museum, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Erection and Completion of a National Gallery for Paintings, Sculpture, and the Fine Arts, and for the Reception of Archbishop Marsh's Public Library, in Dublin, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of the Erection of the Industrial Museum in Edinburgh in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two thousand six hundred and sixty Pounds, to defray the Expense of the Erection of a Guard Room near Henry the Eighth's Gate in Windsor Castle in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of increasing the Accommodation for Painting and Sculpture in the National Gallery in Trafalgar Square in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of providing temporary Accommodation for the Department of the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, for the Purchase of a Portion of the Site of the proposed Foreign Office, &c. in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand one hundred and seventy Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of erecting a new Bridge at Westminster in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Cost of the Formation of the Western Approaches to the new Bridge at Westminster in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, for the Repair and Maintenance of Carisbrook Castle to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expense of a Telegraphic Communication between Rangoon and Singapore in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One thousand Pounds, as a Grant to Professor Hansen of Gotha in acknowledgment of the practical Value of his Lunar Tables to Her Majesty's Navy and the British Mercantile Marine; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to defray One Half of the Expense to be incurred for erecting or improving Court Houses or Offices for the Sheriff Courts in Scotland in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Six thousand three hundred Pounds, to defray the Charge, in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, of the Expedition, under Captain Palliser, for exploring that Region of British North America which lies along the Parallels of 49° and 53° North Latitude, and from 110° to 115° West Longitude; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds, for a

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131. ' 689

Reward for the Services of Captain Sir Francis Leopold M'Clintock and his Officers and Crew in tracing the Fate of the Franklin Expedition and in Arctic Discoveries, and for the Erection of a Monument to the Memory of Sir John Franklin and his Companions; Monument; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, to defray the 35,000l. for Cost of Contributions in aid of Local Assessments for the Relief of the Poor in respect of ^ssess* certain Descriptions of Government Property to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one; and any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding i7, ocM)J.for Seventeen thousand Pounds, to provide safe and permanent Accommodation for the Collection at South Kensington Museum, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand Kensington eight hundred and sixty-one. ' Museum.

XXVIII The said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied Supplies to be to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes forPthePur^ before mentioned, or for the other Payments, Appropriation, or Application directed to be poses aforesaid, made or satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament.

XXIX. The respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums Expenditure granted by this Act for Navy and Army Services, shall confine the Expenditure of their Anny SerTices respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the separate respectively to Services comprised in the Sum of Twelve million eight hundred thirty-six thousand and one confined t* \ hundred Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services; and in the Sum of Six million and sixty-five thousand one hundred and sixty-one Pounds granted by this Act for defraying which granted, the Charge for Wages of Artificers, Labourers, and others employed at home and abroach and the Charge of the Supplies of Clothing and Necessaries, Provisions, Forage, Fuel, an

Light, Barrack Furniture, Bedding, &c., and the Charge of Stores for Land and Sea Service, and the Charge of Fortifications, Works, Buildings, and Barracks at home and abroad; and in the Sum of Nine million two hundred forty-seven thousand five hundred and fourteen Pounds granted by this Act for all other Army Services: Provided always, Treasury may t that if the Exigencies of the Public Service shall render it indispensably necessary to alter the Proportions assigned to any of the separate Services comprised in the said aggregate porfiooate^ 1 Sums granted by this Act for Naval Services or for Army Services, the Department in Amounts for which such Necessity shall have arisen shall represent the Circumstance which may have.

led to it in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and it shall be lawful vided thefoelr for such Department, on Her Majesty's Pleasure to that Effect being signified by the Grant to tdeh Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to apply in aid of the deficient Grant a further limited Sum out of any Surplus or Surpluses under other Heads of Service in the same ° Department: Provided always, that the aggregate Sum of Twelve million eight hundred '

thirty-six thousand and one hundred Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, or the aggregate Sum of Fifteen million three hundred and twelve thousand six hundred and seventy-five Pounds for the respective Army Services specified, shall not be exceeded:

Provided also, that there shall be laid before the House of Commons with the Navy and Army Estimates for each Year a Statement showing all Cases in which the Naval and Military Departments shall have obtained the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to any Alteration in the Sums appropriated to the respective Votes aforesaid, during the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of December of the preceding Year, together with Copies of the Representations made to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury by the said Departments.

XXX. And as to the Sum of Three hundred and fifty-one thousand Pounds, being the R^es to be Proportion of the Sum of Four hundred ninety-two thousand three hundred and fifty-seven A^lfcation of Pounds by this Act appropriated to the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which is the Sum ap-applicable to the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and propriating declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of Halffay? the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the '

same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf by Her Majesty's Warrants directing the Issue of the Half Pay to be received; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the

Not to prevent the receiving of Half Pay under any Act relating to the General or Local Militia, &c.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131.

I

Age of Sixteen YcarB at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in wltichhe served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty, s Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances whuih did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his lidding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary-at-War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have hekl any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Iler Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions; of Hes Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to tine Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as'afdroSaid^ and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall rfgliify ifi his Declaration the Civil Place br Employment of Profit, which he may hold or have held; as aforesaid hilt: if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall foil short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty^ Approbation* signified by the Secretary-at-War as aforesaid, to' issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer chiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in hie Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and - ahU

calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretarynat-War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred anti twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part iof the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secrefmyof SfateTor War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned^ be entitled to receive Provided always, that nothing in thfe Act contained shall prevent any Person front tfteelving his Half Pay who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating General or Local Militia, or to the Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that every such Person shall receive the same according to the Provisions of any such Act or Acts; and also every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General ot Loral Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland* may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local Militia^or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in anyii£T^v men

an

.»! & 240lViWT<W4; S; & tat

an of Declaration Shall be required ', intfunjl by any Act.or Acte, or specj&jd u»., fHjy

"V^iu-rant fi[er Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Decimation 'thet^Commission or Employment >vhich he held in the General or Local Militia, the , Yeom*iu*y, W Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January -One. t lion.-and eight hundred find sixty-one it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General ^, issue the Ifalf Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Plac# or, Ei^<iyinenjt, Cif Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government, since^he Twei^tyreigb^ D^y One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Iler Majesty's PJeqflUfiQ f9 tbnt Fflfefrt be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, t^vopgh £hft buf §uch Permission to be granted under the Restrictip^s, before mentioned :; Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before Pmli^u^nt

First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, or*, if P^lwun*i}fc thvp fee gating,

on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after ^Fir$t AprikiPf Npipbet

of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying, the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such lAxjoouat the Officers to \yhom such Hplf /Pay, shall hays been allowed subsequent, fop :pwedi&g -']r.uLr, lf. -mil In b[V'tn<'i-.<Of 1 10 -'iinuiV ) nil HI 10 r7 T>H 1 shflU M«jif tWIfl

KXXIjblt shall be Ifbl^of Her Majesty's Treasury fo authorize

the deceiving Half Pay by Military Officer^ with Civil Employments in'any Cases in which the said Commissioners «ihall' b& of'op&to^thfcl/thg Employment1 Of1Military Officers in the 'Colonies or Elsewhere' tri OiVII Bitttritioiik of Responsibility w:i A'' 'sinal 1 ^moPnnerits will WctmdweivfetdEcfc^beneficial to the Public Sterai&and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with thO Salary of Emolument' of any Civil Employmentf; 8ltall rfgnlfy thel same ml'bis Declaratld ^, ^pedif^k^he' Offife hricl the Authority under which He is 'So flowed *to* ]hfa HalfTay!1!, 9910.100*10/0 Mm

/mi i.u n^n Jrnjonnmii loiti-moivil -js 10 /ifI tiiiil o'/ioio'J ot ^iniino ad ivju\it io ouliiv ni

]>n XXXII. (And whereas Chaplains of Regiments wb<i'rh&ve! been placed upon HtdfPtty fi.haife not Jbeete allowed to receiveIsuehsHalf Pay; ini sOTne YetosMn consequence of tfeing^'m h poeaession at thei Timeiof certain Ecdlerfasticai Benefices or Preferments* though the sariih V were not in the Patronage! of )tldo Crtwnt/ >An4nWleica0 it has beenijudged ifhtr uhd ft, reasonable that? they Should be allowed to receive Such* Half Pay; though in pdsfeedeion of f Ecclesiastical Prefennenty provided the same tfas private Patronage] and not' deriWd^froAri fdthe Grown, and thak they bhould he entitled to receive lhe 'Arrearfe of Half Pay bifotmel* years as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, 5!Phat iah ChAplains^Mhhf, '*ttftfer.having been placed upon Half Pay* shall have beeabrefused ori'b^en tmable receive such Half Ptfty iu atyi Year in conso^ueiice of holding any Ecclesiastical Bermffcfl notMlefciVed froht 6r ini the Gift of thb Grown, shall be entitled to receive the1 Arriehra 'Of stieh Half Ifoyj ftd*1 shch Year upon making and subscribing a Declaration beforb thd proper Officer ^dmitiistering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they* Md no Ecicle-fliasticaP/Benefice or Preferment in any Year deriw&di'frGfiwf't&e^Oi^Wa^f?^aotr Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be' dutficient' tO entitle auohGhaplain)toiredeiVe Jhia HalfJRay* r/ii nbuu vEIoiIhijoH a iJI

* fU<r y/f-vjit 10 avail lijs.Iai Jirmiiina/oi.) Tullo vm;" »!»ini to , <u& oA\ f>no*(od

XXXIII. Anc] ap tx>; the Sum of Ono hundred eighty-/our!thousfendifive ilmndredfiaild -three Pounds by this. Act appropriated fotldefraying the Charge of Pensions to be paij^ to 1-he Widows of Officers of Het Majesty's Hand Forces^.and for defrayingtthe Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as aforesaid^iit Jw, hereby/ieuAeteUbwidldeblai^dr, I'hat.xrp^idpw of gn Officer of this Land Forcesv and m>iPei^n elaiminig^n Aliowah«e til) ftp .ipoinp^slvnafe. List, o? of Alb>wauceajaa of Her MajestyW BtoyidfBouilty, vdfiilli [hbke^ot receivp auy, P?, tbp same witlmwt.making and subscribing aDeclairafiotn ta isuoh Purport

ami Effect aa^halj bp squired ifK that BehaMiby^br Majesty^ Warjranb dii^iogiAeihlauie or such Pensions and flOj tft-J tnvv\ioU, ^lojali ina^pag *1x0*31118

loY <r<.nuO yub m 10 jjuib'l

nb

mi

Paymaster General, by Permission of the Treasury, may issue Half Pay to Officers appointed to Civil Offices since July 1828. An Account of the Number of Officers so receiving Half Say to he laid before Parliament annually.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

Widows, &c. claiming Pensions to make required Declaration.

In^vyiq o) )oH to 301*19991 ad) tabnrj '11*11 gniifilai JsAvna IfiTjaaO adi ol Is-jo.I ?o .i>& 'Cihiiftl

Declarations to be made as specified in

592 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 131, 132.

s & 6 w. 4. Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, resident Parish Minister, or other

c-62* Person now by Law authorised to administer or receive such Declarations, or before any

of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

Treasury may raise

2,000,000*. by

Exchequer

Bonds.

Interest on Bonds, and Repayment of Principal Money.

Treasury may cause Exchequer Bonds to be prepared and issued.

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Two million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

[28th August 1860.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; apd do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or Times, but not later than the Thirty-first Day of Afflreh One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bonds to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two million Pounds, and such Bonds shall bear such Interest as shall be determined by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be paid off at Par at the Expiration of any Period or Periods not exceeding Six Years from the Date of such Bonds.

II. The Interest on such Bonds shall be paid half-yearly on such Days as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be charged upon and issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Produce thereof; and the Principal Monies secured by such Bonds shall be repaid out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament in that Behalf.

III. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, cause or direct the Exchequer Bonds to be issued under the Authority of this Act to be prepared for such Principal Sums, not less in any Case than One hundred Pounds, together with Receipts or Certificates specifying the Interest from Time lb Time accruing thereon, to be made out in such Manner and Form and bearing such Date as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners; and such Exchequer Bonds and the Interest accruing thereon respectively shall be transferable by the Delivery of such Bonds and of the Receipts or Certificates for such Interest thereon respectively; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time, subject to the Provisions herein contained, prescribe and regulate how and by what Officer or Officers such Exchequer Bonds shall be signed or otherwise authenticated, and provide for the Manner of Payment of the Interest acoruing thereon, and also for the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of any such Bonds worn or defaced which may be delivered up to be cancelled, and for the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of such Exchequer Bonds as may be lost, at such Times, upon such Securities, and under such Conditions

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 132. 593

and Precautions as they may think fit, and generally make such Regulations for the Safety and Convenience of the Holders of such Bonds, and the Payment of Interest upon the Production or Delivery of such Receipts or Certificates, or otherwise, as they may think fit; and the said Commissioners may, by such Regulations as aforesaid, provide if they shall see fit for the Registration of any such Bonds as may be delivered up by the Holders thereof for that Purpose, and for the Delivery of Certificates of such Registration in lieu thereof, which shall be transferable by Entries in a Register which may be provided for that Purpose in such Manner and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as the said Commissioners may see fit, and every such Warrant shall from Time to Time be published in the London Gazette.

IV. The several Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, and Nineteen of the Act of the Application of Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-

three, shall apply and be construed to and in relation to the Exchequer Bonds to be prepared 17'^ ig Vict under the Authority of this Act, in like Manner as if such several Sections had been repeated c. 23. and re-enacted in this Act

V. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or Times, but not later If fal1 Amount than the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, may cause Bonds^snoT any Number of Exchequer Bills for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall direct, to be issued, Ex-made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster in like Manner*as is prescribed in chequer Bills an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of King George the Third, Chapter One, and in an ^re^cribedby Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of King 48G. 3. c. 1./ William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament 4 & 5 W. 4. holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six; but so that the 5 & $ y|ct Amount of such Exchequer Bills taken together with the Amount of Exchequer Bonds issued c. 66.

from Time to Time under the Authority of this Act shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of Two million Pounds.

VI. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, The Clause* Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Acuextended Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all to this Act Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

VII. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in such Exchequer Bills shall be charged upon and shall be paid out of any Supplies to be granted in the next and Session of Parliament.

VIII. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall respectively Interest on bear Date on such Days subsequent to the passing of this Act as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, and shall bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein, payable out of any Aids or Supplies in the Bank of England standing to the Credit of the Exchequer.

IX. All the Exchequer Bills to be made out by virtue of this Act, or so many of them Bills charged as shall from Time to Time remain undischarged and uncancelled, shall, after Twelve on Supplies Calendar Months from their respective Dates, be taken and shall pass and be current to all Parent4 the Receivers and Collectors in Great Britain of the Customs, Excise, or any Revenue, of Public Re-Supply, Aid, or Tax whatsoever, already granted or payable, or which shall hereafter be granted or payable to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and also at the Bank of darAionths611" England to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, from the said Receivers or Collectors, from their or from any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, making Datea* any Payment there to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever.

XL All such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bonds or Exchequer Bills Money raised to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's SJcSmoI?

4 F 2 Exchequer dated Fund.

lo /c'I not eiJiliM

.ye*! Vi aolxiJI Exchequer Bonds and Bills may be delivered to Persons authorized by the Treasury.

a.ooooiaaap'fttt-1

the Credit, of

Bond8a^ar, 'I ', '

Bill *, and>, u *

sset-

Debt may invest Money.

.iA rtnatirrjbA oijriv olua ji oi V« 71*4*1078 r»rf t m 'K lot o)ci^ tnfi.Kjqc lUrig

594 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 132, 133.

fiifchwgiePwtlfckeeBiritk off'Httfffdhdl 'and1 felMl W<tiUvted', 1fi9 Still Ibnfff^art'*(if flic Cifttscft?-dated Fund of the United Kingdom. Ov 81

.yrWIriiA ./i M.*nl

XI. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct the Comptroller General of the Excheqi^qr rfrom Time to Time to deliver such Amount of Exc^equer^Bpi^dst.Of Exchequer Bills made out i^tpursuancje of ttysuAcfe as th^t said Comnaissioueffa shall from Tjmp tQjTime, think fit, not exceeding in the whole {IUjSuiju of Two million Pounds, to such Person or Office* astinay be named in any Warrant\Whe issued by the said Commissioners for such Purpose, and «uch Person or Officer shall: thereafter become bhargenbfe and be charged with such Amount of Exchequer Bonds and Exchequer Bills as nifty be1 delivered to him, subject to such Directions as mhy be issued to him1 by the said CornmisSdh^rs for the Hale^th^reof/hnd sileh Person or Officer shall be discharged from all Acconh't in.Respect of stich Ekcheq[h1eri B8nds and Exchequer Bills, 6h, proving, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, that he has duty obeyed the Directions of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not Jbe .authorized to direct the Issue of such Exchequer Bonds and Exchequer Bilhjto.suchiPersoii or Officer^ except for the Purpose Jof raising Money to be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Bank of England as aforesaid. nU OF 0_ 0 Of 0 0 - sp/ - tit #/ tvrn/i* whim '*i bir *

XII. It shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bonds and Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two million Pounds (anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any subsequent Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding); and also for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to invest in the Purchase of Exchequer Bonds issued under the Authority of this Act any Money in their Hands on account of Savings Banks.

[Junk removed.]

It

Money <?*airedb

-Oifiaenb iAttjntttsy/rajiota»t^ei Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and -1Stitgecras'i!3>f»tes*<Whc; &! -a t9, .Ut-u-riz^ .hc .Emplovnu-uf ..of.

* f-BREAS1 ?t 4s1 AtKSte^iry' that Provision should :b6 P^'Ulothing, aiM dori'itindent an3! other 'Exp

..u — ---- j. — 'Ekfeeris^S of the Heguiar.

VrfHlie Mitter§ VhW' dl^AibbdiefdV hi; fyeq£ a

'ikhd'fbK'nittkiti^ 'In1 edrtaiA Gaaea' Allirninctis of 'Rotlted'P^y to Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia,

S item, ftnd -tojftwlh - fa [S*^yiwa§tef^%rgeWa4, a^Qtwrtam^ils oV Ihc

piP^lWrhMil^k nUpv^llt^.Mir«.iandlto1|AdjUt»nta ^is^bi.'afteE.4<fa)|;

.-iflervic^jr^i ft^»e%e, (ft|aapte^ fty, :thp, most K^llwti Mj^jealiy^ bye-anfibiBitjl Adwcp Cpflfifpfijifiihe, ftpd- -Tempertl -a»d .C«Bdiohay: HcitU

p^qirt, iWey^ft)lp4, ^ity^.^sanse, a^followBi *hIt c/nutd loddo

p'i.V^kjSecj-eta^jiOfl 'SjateYoi'^ur. ?or. ^'^me'^ewg; . *«W

paMtlieAyTioIe Sum rfeqpirfcd fori the Regular Militia Qrtpt, firfrin, apd,

605

ftft Alkmfelg*i{titot fw Pay of Regular Militia.

TTTKTTryvot!

18 to say,)

[Junk removed.]

pito, > i; Sejrjednfy Qmteify Boom iGlfcrkyDtiatri CVfe^oi7 tic Bpgte^Mfcjd^* t '"

, Drummer^.Ti^amrieter, ^\Ru^rt HbbwdKixkfedii Years'hf/AJge* 1

and if under Sixteen Years of Age

°* ^eiftn&8V(l^i-comm; ssionc(l Officer, Drummer, Trumpeter, or

tftfcenjS ')5F^m>tt^li*8r Licence, he ^Lall during such Absence r

1 i{'>ii< oi j

.-.in Muifin VAPp-

rtoc- i m

(f1

Artillery.

iMiJpSil

10 i#

Hates of Fay.

IriJJporf JXII

bntf «biri*U 'f v/iiu y[iH dt »

ur. (-a-v.i-j I yrf Mvrinfft .viiuij-nl' 'ill

)>frii - fmld

(i , 9.i 2, 1

Kib -MMC

* nDot^lljjf uOrmr*^ 0 0 10

Bates.

"^tf^d'S^etnTv of State for War for the Time being shall give the necessary Iristrivc-PyovJsiori OF Clothing for each Serjeant Si rjrnnt, and Dninnnrr.

Wt Bugler 6n the Disembodied Staffi of the Militia of Great Britain and Trelam} who shall be resident at Head Quarters, and the said Disembodied Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years.

II. Except when employed as herein-after provided^ every Adjutant, Quartermaster, Noncommissioned Officer, and Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler on the Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary of State for War, and every such and Non-commissioned Officer, and Drummer,

Trumpeter, or Bugler shall forfeit! msVtij for any Feriod during which he shall be absent, except when employed as herein-aftor provic"

»eg

rrfifl

a

[tm

Iff519^C; 00f:t2

*lo .; iboiO sHi !l

.^.; v

ui vein Jyil /'t.-jol/ W*i *

Adjutant, &c. to reside 'where the Secretary of State for War shall appoint.

rffend1'tfeyU

) n, or LorpsvwhiQi Leave shall not. except in case

r whiSiTfeave shah riot, except in <oase

P»*tettfoBaHan>OkW dP^orii^ihliMonfed ^OAiittneW/^feY^ers,

einlButdeeeysSei&.tino^lEHbeiiiii; tztu

1/ -)i{!^l; i . 1rr>ni./oi'ai'n*J, )fit .>\i; <uiliJfi J'i. f)fn>_: ciiiliM.

Qualrterniaaterl1 in(l^Non-commissi'onecl Officer of tVe' lteffqlar MuUiaj wBcb msetnfordied, and not called ontfor Training or Exercise, shall be'liable to be

PM$> '%;

91 wy wJ; aw^ri^lfiwi [be Q^-^s^ifera

M'jfn> i'.i- ,; :il/liV; uiinv-H vilt '!w tiw.»'i->.A fmj>.

hp|)6Il)j

d'fe imp ierty

" m

8fr?fr8

ofttYu ThoQuarteririAsby-Qf «ach WWh4chli QfeAWtiih^te

qpd>t:ec9Gite^ drifly 1 Pa^t J Uridpr 4h«7 <r'bf' thfeJFltyt S^tloti7 W tm)£ A6f,

Qriarfaffma^tiei; fa^ aproirfl^, lthferl thb!Adjritalri!^of idadri ik^hiehf bf1

feBfargei Nt'i

other Stores thereerf^ tutekft (1^S^eWntbrid^6^ Ghlonbl^bf1 dtiAriind

Adjutant s^iall, out of the tfebJcc(tltftl^eri, t E^cperirids^ ,

df r...^ r r.

ni&gint^Ekj^>eftS^ripbri; 't)itieV^ik WritingJ signecf^y

iflfendant, and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year

make

i£j; jir/. A.Trwfiia^ -ffor^; iTtbir/r-OTirirmq

accessary .for

ignea oy the X/Olonel or other Corn-

Adjutants, Quartermasters, and Noncommissioned Officers of Militia may be employed in their Counties

Quartermaster, &c. to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing. Adjutant to issue the Money fortatttMOH^ Kl^icWWW OrdepfegNM-ltf

Balance to form a Stock Purse.

Arms may be deposited in War Office Stores, by Order of Secretary of State for War.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants.to be under the Command of the Quartermaster, and, in his Absence, of the Serjeant Major.

Militia when called out for Training or . Exercise entitled to Pay.

596 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 133.

make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands, (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps,) and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State for War to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements, and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the United Kingdom shall at any Time, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of Her Majesty's War Office Stores.

V. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Disembodied Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Serjeants and Drummers, Trumpeters, or Buglers, shall be under the Command of the Quartermaster in Cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed or is present, then under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant and Quartermaster; and the said Quartermaster and Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

VI. The Officers and Volunteer Non-oomnrisaioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the following daily Rates of Pay and Allowances:

Colonel -

Lieutenant-Colonel -

Major -

Captain (including non-effective Allowance) -Lieutenant

Ensign -

Adjutant, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards -

, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies -

, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards -, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies -

Quartermaster (if not holding a Subaltern's Commission, nor on the Permanent Staff) -

, (if holding a Subaltern's Commission, and if not on the

Permanent Staff) -

, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of not less than 360 Private Men) -

, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of less than 360 Private Men) -

Surgeon -

Assistant Surgeon -

Serjeant Instructor of Musketry, in addition to the daily Rate of Pay granted by Sec. 1.

Serjeant (not on the Permanent Staff) -

Corporal -

Private -

Command Allowance to the Officer actually in Command during Training and Exercise, if the Pay of Colonel is not drawn -Beer Money to each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Private present at Training and Exercise -

Infantry. Artillery.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

1 2 6 1 2 6

0 15 11 0 15 11

0 14 1 0 14 1

0 10 6 0 10 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 5 3 0 5 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 7 0 0 7 0

0 4 6 0 4 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 11 4 0 11 4

0 7 6 0 7 6

0 1 0

0 1 6| 0 2 6

0 1 2f 0 I 4 *

0 1 0 0 I 2

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 0 1 0 0 1

VII. Volunteers

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 133. 597

VII. Volunteers shall, with the Sanction of the Secretary of State for War, when attached Volunteers to Regiments of the Line to qualify themselves for the Permanent Staff, either as Serjeants or Drummers, Trumpeters or Buglers, be allowed Pay whilst so under Instruction, but fine to be subwhile they remain so attached they will be under the Command of the Officer commanding ject to the the Regiment of the Line equally with the Soldiers of that Regiment, and will be subject to Mutiny Act the Provisions of the Mutiny Act.

VIII. And whereas certain Lieutenants, Ensigns, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia of Certain Officers Great Britain, or Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia of Ireland, when unfit for farther Duty, have been placed upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of retired A1Wthe Allowance granted to them on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination of ance, upon the War in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas certain Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters, when unfit for Duty, have also been placed on a a

retired Allowance equal to and instead of their reduced Allowances granted to them in ' pursuance erf an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth All such Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such retired Allowances, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

t

Ido solemnly and sincerely declare, That I formerly served ForaaofDeda-as a in the Militia; that I am not in ration *

Holy Orders; and that from the Day of to the

Day of I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, besides my Allowance of per Diem as a of the said Militia, except my Half

Pay or Civil Pension as a /

IX. And where as certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of Out-Pension to 1 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the Establish-

ment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Pension, although not unfit for officers and further Service:' No Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on Pension shall Orummere not be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall be receiving Pay in the Militia. g '

X. Provided always, That any Person, being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being Persons on

entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or Al

Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and Allowances by this lowance as Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, having served Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for Anny or annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, po^edto Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant receive Pay, Surgeon, shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allow- ^t-^nng ance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided also, that such Person shall, ng '

in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

XI. Provided always, That no Adjutant, Quartermaster, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, Trumpeter, or Bugler, or Private Man, in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or'Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to hitn when disembodied.

Adjutants, &c., Non-commissioned Officers, or Privates, not to lose their Right to Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions, &c.

XII. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia, when disembodied, a Allowance to Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Men of each such MeSdnea^ Regiment, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Non-commissioned Officers,

Drummers,

Reduced Adjutants to receive 49. per Day till aiatcjubptetfl.

RSDaswoIIA ot -f>A teouboi oJ srf)

.siJiffM IbdoJL

Right to Half Pay reserved.

noitinfib^CL A

n9i(6} 3<f ni

to aJa/Uxj{bA aiiiliM b'xxl

AlUtr^nmiib MjabnUtA, bias

Surgeons, and Quartermasters.

Allowances granted to Adjutants on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

nt ^[ikwoI! A -oO V> adiotD g«rP*oM limn

lo ion nr.M -wolIA^niJn/rr^ .f/i'jnc

<>), jhoK) siabAl

.851 & a^OTOTOHM? m.

JDrutmhew! ,; Piferi, itnd lPfmft* - M*n Io(b sttch Rejrimebtj' darfcfr thie> Bstfsod"caJ Pfcvibd# if jdubterf^foidEciBiwiBd 4c^Hii»fagv>Myi idMia»<Allowanceofi:T#opetK VVeiekC«ri%2t^i 'erf; Oftlcdrs'lind' th«ir Families W leadi/Kqgiment on flic1 ©iieifabod fed

tftatfokb Hs4i Qufertdre; {&i th^iSxp^iof^QeKeesinnTyi'M^iciaes'iDdiAjUieDklMice'ifi^ntlD

JtUd siWfNoi^wriinfeskmtti Oftjooit andotlueii Bhnu! fe *vbii#*uch 'Re^dnti&m&'Ofta*l »iot

foe Trhiniflgi awth'Exakiidcii '*['>' I -m, )i.«:I/ t 11 m i. >Tt'.) jili ni v> .vtojnTf

il')if[y/ -gtiniib orniT '(nn lot TJinvffollA bii:>. :>if) 'io l-»; cl vni: , / i:n I! ml- .inoinin j70i > lodio xlii. In case any Regiment, Battalion, determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced -ife itsBdtHbli^hAebfr>dbringi tb^fOoBtinoincenbf-thisvAttj. the-tSomcof 'EoifaiSWUln^iCncr WwOTiishallrfeOpaild tjjrenoh Bmqoh' «81 was? or> Ishall *< be »aetMaliy sbrvingf ts Adjiithhtl rta-shch , B^fadnlbiBtmli<b*£ -OT'Oerpsitrtithe fEinse »f Utedfclotioty ifiwni tin iEttu, tyl4fiT9t><Ii)ay c>df Mfy cOiseothonland'eigfet rhumldvediI aaldj; tuityj. oil i fWiri >tke (Dime saeh d^j^mentosholb difeaie 'add aiethtmiheibr be nedoeeddiki iteBa*abhaHlh£itfi(£ls*ha C)a»bI mhy hejyte' thw ThSr^y-fiist IMy tifyJuty. tQbR' (fchouSlaJhfi\ -dight hdbdte&iandfiahiify-ciite, ' in' fHkev Mariner tod; mbjb&wtordte amavR&ferloii»n*l n'od <Jonditiiirt» tas- >thei Alio wdndes granted! by tbla'Act' taAdjutinte whb ahalbibi^ail^'droIMrhutly/beilreiadexedi unfit far ifirrtiied Service; :i Phrndid -aiiraya^ i that1 'no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of.ithteu^v^Aojiiy, Marines, or Provisional ^Battalion formed from. the Militia , by reason, of receiving ^uch

UPB/oAtfU&a-f>dr ^ar/r>0'j*i 01 <uoivoic| fllr>n-i o*>nr.v/nllA. 'Mil to Viy vrur *j'/[.>*>

j^HMrdirsi fcflii

{SB-,

io sol.

OUto*! oinlod j;

oJi:t .otMi^fft tl*j

______,; h

01 ol 70A inirl o!jitno ot Tohio ni

enti

wSm

awjujtf^ pap

ST

«ct

KXm Ab WifftftKI

T3iiXIV..^: And whereas ccitainAlld^sfawaUavdibwn gnvbltedlihlpinwianeb ef/ferinW Ai<s 4ut& Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartemrastere of:Regulhrf'Militia avh# harrie 'faf Jqgdift: ''Infirmity been -rendered imfit for furihei) Servicee! tioch Ailbimhfcos elwl)'ibe'- iliufea' flhd paid, during the Continuance of thti-Ach1 id h^fe^hTOnffr Hnd tsnb^fectfto'Jtho dam(//R*dtrlb-tions as tlte Jy, ^4fihViLAlfe^feiJShR fife11/.^S?* .pr^yaity

' r ifwf^iMpFTOvi ' "

oiil moil tvi; y ol ai ir>ds ooaev/ oil A ni; ovroooo'i r»j niinlo won I ibid h ioi Ix>iiocI XV. The following Allowances atififer the RestricteoiK^nS

TMi'rtfetiofiff teefrein-a-fter expressed] dfQxreaf Britain an^jR^flw^,

cbilfth'S Completion of the following P(#fo<Sd Wf 1 ift('Ife7 MWefetj^e^WP W Wttffcih

or in the Army of the Et&t iitoflf} iHttieV

tv Performance ^°thavDlit^diJ^f fs

« 1o io ta ?A '

To every Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, '

io lm^W5h^£Sf^BY Adjutant of Militiaman Aliqwg^pfigp*^e

Shillings per Diem :; Jo ^n^tnibA adl ^d > i ^'y taojaM ipll

, Twenty ears, of which Seven I ears as an Adjutant of Militia, an

io yvk; Sllilllngs flP; MW: . rmwullA ynn ot

h; li rhinyf'vc Years> of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia, iin; 441°WW^I^ Five Shillings per Diem: Mircv/eli A io \vM

Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six od. Ibid^lMliiiig8»j4^ZW^yA v* *>V> ni JuIIrM yd ic -iii -i If - omu // .ITIYX IPmovided^i ihxti duck AtUutaali shall (reiN^ariyiRi^ 1*

n^i kiotiw iiiateqoKngiithe* dbawti oft aileh rdfcifed All<Av^nCCt1 1 ttftSr^afed rj('b«lt

LAUorwiiibeiahalhbe, - - '

c6«itifioitA of(>&s4h

rfei Waii foundkflH x .., A v____I

the aioie>AHoo^aidbofi)Pnktddedtalw^ ihat no Pdfsoti ^hall^b^ 1 *tty; ryu^li

Ifie.

i©riiiWPgf ^by'.WH^:

atirirt^ -WKic^'hg licH"rib!h!C

p. (ill jJlA

SriifnWehf'toll ^Cpbive any rare of the.$am AUpwance for any Time

h 'Cirimto^ Ejnplofment, 'Ui^W Q^'Sri CC

Emoluments

m & mmoTomm & m.

lEaaUia$nte>of.8tt*tl Gitil>or rEranloylmfcn t-sbal 11 ndt ejroeed'Three Titbit theoAmortt ioC; theieald Allewfuwe j, and tintesa insectl .^seeptekl GMesjtA&Rdyal Consent! t* tbo holding fofiiaubh CMloHaee or JSnipldyibeat shall havebetm Isignified through, the Secretary/of^State (63ri Wv; j«^ thj^-iWiPera0'ftpt>6int*drOa or ofterthplfirsti Day.*>f, i Junp lOlnfel thoiteand jwght hutndrodand.ilnvMtyrtoine to nay Civil FJabehos Ewploy*wmt ^(iParo^MtoA«' Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond. thfr J60ais>; ojiiuridti any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which *KW»tT-mr-.n. vr. nl .HTZ

booub'i "il -io ', ., 1111 ivi'.b bun iI.:iTr m .inooiih.iMot-.d -tinr I-ijf> >"r no><i I>'>; 'frtTd>

-w-.Xyiil SAndiWhetwaflioertaiiii AJh^wanbea have beengrtinted tairedhcediAdjiitfental of the rf Jjoeali Milifiiai: '<Tljs> saW- Allomwcesf shall-bei issued>an<h paid dnringt thnjGefatintomse1 bf \th& Axit^i Ubaerrilw iBi^trietions and ia tile Mtoner herein-after eipresaediit Proffided adwayi, JtlutiatheGdeesjniwbidi any suchiLocal Militia Adjutabtaihbvelibeeh permit ted ito (receive 'ibd said AJS^traaieesnvhilfet/ iholduig* oily QiviL GfBcesi . arider ithielGooim, id which Offices tAeyhad Ijdm dppointedipkfeviohily to, the Tmanlyteighth Day of ./w/y Qaeithouritfndbight 'hUadeedaqdAwentyi<eighU iitisliaUibe lawfol to ticAitkhi&that Paymehlt ofttheeaidAllOwances oindfari the^ saBaei llegolJdionfl iand' Restrictions i osi i thoset under i which i tttie iPecutisaibnli whs .origihajlygiianttd.i /j 'l i 1 >; 11 o/ioi veinoii nl-iH /m; '*-"1 (Ini- i.n-.inj'/. 1. >* wi. >< ilon-:

Act to receive any Part of the said Allowance shall, previous to receiving the Sffgg, apd in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of slift Majerftyfa Jnstieeaiof itHedRcseeuitt ltbeiDBited KitigdoBiv or NotaryPublic, at 1 cither *iOfh^ek noKv by Lait/autbetvbedi ifo jsdin blister t errrneoeivsl tetiak Deektrabfeiiv on hefbi'e some iQncIcdkHerMf^eaty VMim2tiri, 8ecretar«B tof Endbaesy* off luegfction, or Coisnls nbrdad, -idttWIWonde oiiito the fbet[followmgf/(thtit iatoahy, )1' t«i</) *nl: yiiniii j

rii K z:r>»i A

* 7.3 J -7 ..) f.l-i -, r:'[* /C(J 130 'i-

Bsstakitfonnis to Allowances to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia.

A Declaration to be taken by Adjutants of Local Militia claiming the /, said Attawafctfie.

.'Par^df.%.

Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say, from the ' linPWdtf->h:-vil mb t Oftfl ^KpaBd^ighfcihd)Psdiw4, ...dOothet mil .7/

tn, Mvvv\ , v, 0withi^ndipjghti*«dM wdi .--mv, T . ^r^d iM.Ijdidiadt

aniwld W didjRny POTOB; for, nve, h<dd of enjoy^riflgftnyi PartfC^itJ^aiaid Pitriod,

* fomjPlMfe EwplffyfWPt -ftf. Pnofifc .Oiidl \w MUitaiy, wdw tip Orow^-wriafijr

fcl &.Pay, in9W)ie)ftiSMiddcexcept mjr

Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy or Marines, or of a Provisional

BathosJfw>p<idC9f*.qm>i*V>'; : 'd- o!i« i.i..m; i./-. */*:*./, ..r

W ttkbaknd sdb^rih^l, *hitH W p^'kl4He'Paytea%'H)heral of Her Majesty's Forces by the Adjutant claiming the Allowance:. ProVideA ^hVAys, that any *l&4Jtilttnt l^cKi^iiig ^such Alit^wan^e, ittid ^belhg oh5 NivkI h^OTflirafy1'Hflf Pay ,; tit 'entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regtifer ^r ^, (^avy or MtoiWfti; sWall; : 'notwithstanding suc^'MHithi Allowance, be entitled to' receive' rivicn Half Pay or Allowance. ., ", 1 M .....

jLift / '/*. .M: ..*.! 'J »: i (i.i, 1 i1 - -i; . ': . // k :r I '/.:

XVIII. Where the Militia is raised by Ballot in Great Brkaiti\ AUpwaneiesi 'Shall be iafllleditW the Glefka I fif/Gfaiti&l and Sabdivitiod- Meetings of Lientenhnby aihd ^rfl^fafeopftd iniSlijhednle. A^AdltbU. Act for theicjIJrQttbk'jabdk£iipe»oi*i in the HxieeU-^iytp (dbe.IiawPiVplfitipgi tO fthe. Militia at the Ratos ntentioned ini thn aafalfe Schedule? laid , jKh«Fq, the, [^liMtia isi^i«ed [i<k ithe(Ui«t^, KingdomiiotJserlyBei thain ihy iBallot* AUoWaaceh topdft wvi iwifld: tollhei CUrkaotiGeUeraljMeefcings .fCrifthaDiTpodblhiand fiap^nseB ^( the Hxeeutipniof ^nch I^WSi at the £Uteai mentioned in the I SchPdule Bi to tfcda Act. ' 10

L

\>e

<W1

>/'

Allowance to Clerks of General Meetings, &c.

bf' the Stannaries or

f/nWuVtWf PWTO fry 14, ff o, w toPto

Igl irSr s.^ch.County, Stfiwa^yvpi^f|, prnpkcy, lftF by.Ap^UwI

of .gf ftii iTwP: iRjwHfyj- VITwisw

Manner of granting Allowances.

eJfLHmiJoina

Clerks, &c. to make Declarm-

tion of the Jnst-ne«8 of their Accounts.

Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of any Surgeon residing near the Place of Meeting for Appeals.

Declaration to be made by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

Pay, &c. to be issued under Direction of the Secretary of State for War.

Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on unstamped Paper.

No Fee to be taken.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 133.

Meetings ill Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters; Constables, and other Officers irt Scotland, shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms respectively, before some Justice of the Peace $ (videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings.

I- do solemnly declare, That the preceding Account, so far as regards my

A Interest therein, is a just and true Account or Business performed by me for and ill

behalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

I do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial Schoolmaster [or Con-

f stable or other Officers] of the District of in the Subdivision

(of the County of; and that the preceding Account is a just and true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in behalf of the Public Service according (to the Manner therein set forth; and that I was employed on such Business the fall Time ' therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me/

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rates specified in the respective Tables to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

XX. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenants acting in any Sub-f division of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special

Deputy Wardens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of Cornwall (and Devon, should be assisted by the Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals

of Persons claiming to be exempt from compulsory Service in the Militia by reason of ' bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the Persons presenting themselves for Enrolment:' It shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

(I do solemnly declare. That I will, to the best of my Ability, faith-

fully and truly report aa to the Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be (submitted to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or

Reward whatever for any such Examination* '

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment,

XXI. All Sums of Money granted for the Pay, contingent and other Expenses, and for the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

XXII. All Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

XXIII. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 133.

XXIV. All Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartnes, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to. the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

XXV. This Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of

July One thousand eight hundred and sixty until the First Day of September One thousand^ eight hundred and sixty-one.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers,

SCHEDULE A.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution the Acts relating to the Militia when the Militia are raised by Ballot.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

L For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Circular Letters or £ Advertisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or framing the Advertisements) -

2. For attending General Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of

Lieutenancy shall be present, each - For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants* -

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &d

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable of each

Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each -

For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each -

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and

fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals -

5. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making Abstracts thereof, Schedule

(D.), for the Privy Council, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary-at-War (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher); videHoet,

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia -

In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds,

Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

from 201 to 400 Men from 401 to 600 Men from 601 to 800 Men from 801 Men and upwards 4 G 2

s *

0 7 6 5 6 0

1 11 6

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 7 6

2

3

4

5

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

601

All Things in this Act re- . ladng to Coun-ti shall extend to Ridings, Shires, &c.

Continuance of Act

23?[&)2.4f.ya(yroR^ &m,

£ t. d

in each Subdivision Return or Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

3t Ear eigrosauig 6(k^a^a2»idah(iders: oitiiUo ni- m1Jijo>T idH JH 0

.h .* 3t Ear eigto»^a^aj«i^aiAdgPK^udhjftH j* oitiiUo m-

DHtA gninuiSl to MOfiKdmjB«iJriv/* ioi jbmtr s^n-ufO trtiiiwjqssO 10 0 £ 0 - Ditto — 151 to 250-Names - - Inom^itl 0

f4Kttortu*iJ $5dqNlra«k and uptvarflsu iir-ji J yd giullao ioUi(JO

8. For (jrfw5lrf^no«rt!i^r'X!6tJy) 6f' lHPEftft MJ *

The Militia for the County, Containing the Numhtn1, ''niid JJ&fa'ft 01

of m'pm&w, dhm.ic *S1

— ...i M...I --L"'-- - muj) vTohn^ir' jdj iloiil// jj; r^uij^ol/i laqiD

jLiv;

Druitfniyw;

OSS

\l 0

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Qr-.-

Ditto - - Two - Ditto I. "'-i*1 »nr/©&9i lyi

Ditto - r Three - Ditto - .i^ollml t/J No, separate Charge, being ma<Je for Attendance. upo^'i!itfe, tbM r'iA(Metim'WTMfy'WjMiiMm fob VoB'W SifelttW

°A, J'; , n<> V'l-'-'b, ' l g; {W-vj 'w: Ii/I; / .o :> , k >i\'.LU;

bo'.'KFMe^I'js V^f1 dtiljt

" the greatest Proportion of Men-tib^ifHfe v. ., v

io dP ObfW.°0)J^ vd btea ^nUasM iior.9 xoi bn A

b^cTsaiuns svotfis rfumjsoi^ iiiqbanq io Is'iii MsmlT 'jrfl 'io -io ^rue

r^fiiyj^oiiiiiil^iii'icO'pjnd lot JJnl ni sd limb; oamjv/qI!A.riohl7/ erk of General Meetings m a County where the T^mber^pj

rbxio xoi bflA ((I I>97loql>oq"7li'!/ir.?009. -tv, - > u - j -viJ yfuqeCI oib 'io oonhed.

?:i'nci biTinnq q-j waiflft l

10

0

0

0

0

a o

a o

li.

o

o

10. For C^ywigi, &C:, $w<rT oilt ^yubiiloni , a->b:// bun bnjJgru'l To the M^terkAf the feftflr^M^BnggJft A^C^ntyt^hWtthebNndllmiioO ofstfee, origj«iri(QMotft of, tFe (Militia teigQQ^Met dgi#n&r onoa OJ bonoi?

A a/foft <rt aaldiiiwi</) yJJe*? D}tHdr, Ja(Tf»0 'i >rdO .^fsWBdWlitO'.SOO M^j'Vji'1 fenjiihq qir goilift nil bAAO Difctft, .yJirtl ixiHmia lfn^ifiMluteAPQiMsOl , bnriloy8 iinsiaoiitO isrfio i5 0 0 Ditto - - from 301 Men and upwards - - . - .tqooooi1 0

The aettoali iAWOttflVeXy^ <abd IpaAliAdt^ Advd^tes'^1 'o'! " r

mentej:(forof>08ta^j'Bx^e^r, -ttttd>MefefeeAB«r%''t<il'lbe'<illoW4(i/:u^iijy^ an Abewoiiv 'Avtitl^of Bofetoge, eUSi'lifcti>dJ Spteftll(f ^1 iqfi

by thd M^tWtt^'whoee Ceirtttc^'Sh'XU^eifltfe' tb^t' the 'fehttWW^' bnn nece*to*^i^d^tu^*|wtoln4ed; (; iniiiyi£ j.I) nniivd/fiini ni im» tI))Jioani TlUnChttt^ejft^ {tTky^Uglanid; putti«Wig'AdvWt»dfc«rf8; i6b:itiVe^iab^i! lot toibfe'wi^pomd by th^ ReceiptT)f thei'FetsWw 'whoni'paSdl b»

000.1 if>q Sll - iijlr y.i ^>«io.u/ i nuAii^ io 'i tUioig

Oil; nil 0lh 1!i, ' 8niJca> 'Ol .81

xu Jitoiiy L; riri>i; o ^Tli iyii>nv/ ^fe^mlooIfT Ji; t >; ijr.) 'i«> /I:, »D oJj io ocU 012g For filBng up printed $f$fieft, &>, &* Clerkft^f; 8Bbdiyi#i»ii-Mw*in^«6qqA o £ F Time und Place fixed, by the Lord Li^rwit or HepoAjh'DiOlK 1 q j. tenants for assembling the Militia to be ti^infiduaS^WTcigod.i eathl 0 £ jlotice '!/u!//qu* bm; IC2 rfloii otiitj 006

13. For malyjqg^q^nwpp^kst^Qte; <Wi l0|fe«r £kS0rrn to'I .61 man^g, Offiijfli's Jfaftnrswi Srfw^Je ^F, )^ ii), ithe Jt$m Sph^ulfl.l^y^j, for %r.1MBj^ly-ft, tSftQT^anij, of iS^e. ^hthOuHome^fiR^BlCntablkrinll Coun^eq , jp ,; , Fpg]flYd{; .afld ^ptl^nd^fq^ishiogral/Qpqt^wardq., 9(ft Formation of an ent^.iBfginie^. Bat^l'rop lii Mii:g5/l; uii io JnjjbnfirmiroiJ

0 0

0 a 0

0 01 0

0 ll 0

0 0 I

ment, _Battalion, or Corps -%., aU!7. t)o f ot Hi muiVotiiCI - - 2

Ditto. - . Two . ?, im!<Ditt* oj icl iiroil oitiH - 3

_ Ditto -_ Threat, jJ; y, oi.i biiiPittoi:^ JotMnoii oitKI - 4

0

0

0

0

0

0

2&MOYOKt&£cMW.

A i

* V-_

11 -> j i n i >'i x i

T

iione> m

0 14* Iter Trouble -in calling a Subdivision* iMeetitg- Jbyi> Aihre^aseoacuA^ v&l £ s. d. 0 01 Oeeparate Gharge being made for writiagiiL&tefcC of Jftaming

0 0 Itisement — - ^uii/iVl-OGS <>t 1 61 — oilKI- 0 5 0

0 0©rifor calling a Meeting by Circular Letters itoi then Deputy Lieutenarifts,

the Adjutant, or other £omipaiY^fQ%e?, {j(np, Charge ifoifgbP^Mfc Mw o

the Draft,) for e^i Letter 7 , (j, vininiiynoS titWHGp orftiol criiltl/f erlr 15# I or attending Subdivision Meetings,; for each of the Three first or prin* v

c.I

01

0

cipal Meetings at which the Statutory Quorun^Qf/I^ut^ present; videlicet, tnQilBitefl fin9rnixbefl saO uaidafcnirt roilauoO nl

2 2 0

>ri 0

5 0

For receiving Lists and bearing Appeals, oliiQ.

For balloting, 9OTdT ©Wid

lorenrolling, , t / v... naiad 55 edp dimaqaa oH

And for the Meeting held t<* apportion the Deficiencies among tlje Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling opt the Quota pr Apportionment^' thp Subdiyisiomlfo be, trained ju^jtcrcUed, which, AUoAYftWft engipssing

])li^Hfo^; aiKl making up, Lasts

19M lo uoil'TouO'lT m

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment tp, pQmplpfe the JJu$fPess °* any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated.

which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing. Minutes a.nd inivkln£ 3 U Lists ? J MO aiSJUJ 'ifn olj

2 Atid for each Meeting Wave f siirimbned, but which is

fr «f 015

l(f. For filling up printed Precepts 16 the' Chief or High Constables in

England and Wales, including the ToW^r Hafitlgti1 J iod .01

ConttwHliifiidd' iDeM©#/, "W. 1 gl^c^Notifce^tffJth^ Nambm* oT

0 Sioned to serve iWa«ta^sUpSmi

0 Petty Constables to serve NofleM hWjn1 seal toted1 Me&yi«h^'iPr©te£fc|tor rift 0 Aid for filling up printed Precepte d wife 'SchibHuftStsl-s, Chief ConstaM&jfl 0 or other Officers-in Scotland, fortyh^'Ptet^oMtlnoc df similar Dnty, ettfchC 0 Precept - sbir.vrqu bur, u > It. JOAiuoil - - «. oJiiQ o

17. For odT .II

appealt; »ftd.j«rhp«ft or, , CWinf|, oSil&^pttou haiftfee^JtowsedA ms

and fopfeStujg , th%Na«Kft ofntwy] iPrfts«9*> j&ftt, h*W«, (keep* jetted* M bdJ vd inserted^and in numberin^the Raurns, dn^toldtif^Ito^h^eJsotooooa

Names of jfesaonfr, f#i«n^-i wb 1$IW 4$ d, 4* W(psepppljWfoib *

greater or smaller Number of Men - - £2 per 1,000

18. For making out the annual jrf D-i'iVh ^f^edule (C.), for the

Jlfl ioI gS I q

T 3'S 3 0

DUtfe frt»ml', IM', td, 2S0l, M6ftlt od uJ jsiJiIiLA cull guihhi'r>.*us not diieiicU 4 0 0 0 0 Ditto from 251 Mm uml iimmnh - . " . ujitoli n

m Wd .f.I

0 6

0 6

0 0

0

0

0

Han*itfil/>tmar'tlto iStutmkHfea1 bfOorriwiiil 'knd'ofewti; W 'thd^eV the C^rk!rtr''(?eitonlliMfeeS^, l'1SfebedtiUl, (E.), hft&dl^t'Gl[)16iieF; J6l'u, 0p Commandant of the Regiment Wfthld'CoM^l'^VSd^iidet, !' ' *' ' noirminoi

Fo^lLdl'&IlH&iMg'tokNa^ , f>ri.j:Isn3 ui a'itm/o0_nl 0 5 0

S - - Ditto from 5i to 150 Names- j io tru>ilrJ}«a.tJnofo 0 10 0

£ - Ditto from 151 to 950(Names - ovt'C . - . 0 15 0

1* Ditto from-251 Nattterfknd upwards91^ -- oDiQ _ 10 0

(tftM 230 & 24° VICTORIA, c. 183.

20. For Stationery to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards

the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under *

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to the Clerk of a Subdivision

furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertisements,

for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards -

£ s. <L

1 10 0

2 0 0

2 10 0

3 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

0 5 0 0 10 0 0 15 0 10 0

Training and Exercise.

. k 24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower, Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their

Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - Ditto from 251 Names and upwards -

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to ' give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and

Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under -

Ditto from 11 to 30 Names - Ditto from 31 to 50 Names -

Ditto from 51 to 70 Names - Ditto from 71 to 100 Names -

Ditto from 100 upwards -

25. For making out frill and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Enrolment of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion,

0 5 0

0 10 0 0 15 0 10 0

0 0 6 0 10 0 2 6 0 4 0 0 7 0 0 10 0

s

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 133.

or ^Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Grreat Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and under -

Ditto from 21 to 50 Names Ditto from 51 to 150 Names Ditto from 151 to 250 Names Ditto from 251 and upwards

26* For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the Subdivision so as to correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 and upwards -

£ s rf.

4 0 2 0

- 0 5 0

- 0 10 0

- - 0 15 0

- - 1 ' - t 0

0 5 0

0 IO 0

0 15 6

1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND,

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours .....

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each Meeting

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted Men, per Day

31. For Stationery, per Annum -

- Q 6: 0

- - 0 1 0

- - 0 10 0

- 0 5 0

- 0 5 0

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day

consisting of Eight Hours - - 0 4 0

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines - - 0 1, 0

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day - - 0 4 0

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted and enrolled Men, per

Day - - -040

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the Constables, per

Annum - - 0 5 0

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a

General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account

38. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting

to be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

V

r

6WI 23''& 24° VICTORIA:, c. 1133, 134.

SCHEDULE R

Scale of Rates of Remuneb*ation to the Clerks of General Meetings for any Duly they may be required to perform under the Acts relating to the Militia, or by Her Majesty's Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) by the Lord Lieutenant, in execution of the Provisions of such Acts when the Militia is raised otherwise than by Ballot .;

CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS. Pcr^imw.

For Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings^ £ s« d. Correspondence, and Stationery: ?

In Counties where the Quota does not exceed 200 - - 15 0 0

Where the Quota is

Above 200, and not exceeding 400 - - 20 0 0

Above 400, and not exceeding 500 - - - 25 0 0

And where the Quota exceeds 500, the following Additions for every 100, or fractional Part of 100:

Above 500, and not exceeding 1,000 -400

Above 1,000, and not exceeding 2,000 - -; - 3 Q 0

Above 2,000, and not exceeding 3,000 - - 2 0 0

Above 3,000, tod not exceeding 4*000 - - 1 10 0

v Above 4,000 - - - 10 0

For convening and attending any Genend fleeting summoned by the distinct Order of the Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) of the Lord . Lieutenant - - 1 - . -1 - 2 2 )0

The actual Expense incurred in printing or advertising, apd for Postage, may.

be changed. \ f t t k

Charities for lawful Purposes oot to he invalidated bjr the Addition of unlawful, Trust, hut the Property may be apportioned, and the whole applied to lawful Purposes.

.cl £ cixxiv.

An Act to amend the Law regarding Roman Catholic Charities.

j i [28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Laws concerning Charities relating to pr connected with the Roman Catholic Religion in England or Wales should be amended pi ' the Particular herein-after, provided for:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. No existing or future Gift or Disposition of Real or Personal Estate upon any lawful Charitable Trust for the exclusive Benefit of Persons professing the Roman Catholio Religion shall be invalidated by reason only that the same Estate has beeh or shall be also subjected to any Trust or Provision deemed to be superstitious, Or otherwise prohibited by the Laws affecting Persons professing the same Religion, but in evety such Case H shall' lawful for the High C^urt of Chancery, or any Judge thereof sitting , pt Chambers, ih ex^rci^e of the1 Jurisdiction created by the Charitable Trusts Act* 1853; upon the A|mticatjioni , q£ Bier Majesty's Attorney General, or of any Person authorized for this Purpose by the Cmihcate oJ^ the Bo^rd of Charily Commissioners for and Weld or for the aaid Boatd tipon

the Appli^on of th?] Person/ ox} Pe^P^ pctipgi in the Administration tof such SeaPbr Personal Estate, or of a Majority, of. such £ejson&vtO\ apportion the same Estatiey 1 or the annual tncopie or Benefit thereof, so that; a PiwtpQiftiw thereof, to be fisted by such Cpert or Judge, or by the said Board, as the Case may require, may be exclusively subjects the lawful Charitable Trusts declared by the Donor or Settlor, and that the Residue thereof

1, / urn y

m

ing

me

24" Yfl$4> o

may become subject to such lawful Charitable Trusts for the Benefit of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, to tdkei dffikCt'ifc; Ueu of such superstitious or prohibited Trp^ts as the said. Cojijt or Judge, or the s^id Board, may consider, under the Cprqumgtp to be tnost|usi:j, pnd* 'also that it shall )&e lawful Tot 'the Court or Judge, or'JBoard, maj any such Apportionment by the sarqe or any, other <j)rcler or 0rd$rs to'^stabli^i any Scji^ fdr giving 'effect therein, and to appoint j>uslees ^for the4

Portions of such Real tod Personal'Estate, according to the Trusts established of the same Proportions respectively, anjd tp.Y^t tfye ^state to l^e so a^ppjjtip^ed in the Trustees so to

VII. No Proceedings ntILdurorjiii Equity ahiilf be tec^htrorjncidtitated «ti atommt d*>rfn respect of any Dealings, Transactions, Matters, or Things with ? mR aoncernin^nttqy Real or Personal Estate subject to any Ufce, -Trust, GSftj Potodatw*A, or Dfajioeitito for Charity relating to or connected with the Roman Catholic Religion which took placd*prior to the passing*of the Act of the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter One ^hundred and fifteen: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to sanction or exempt from such Proceedings/aa aforesaid the fraudulent Misapplication or Conversion of any such Real or Personal Estate to any private Use or Purple not being charitable.

JlI .; No Deed or other Assurance for any (Jtypjty relating to or connoted with the Roman Catholic Religion made subsequently to the p^iijlg of the Act passed fn the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the Disposition -of Lands whereby the tame, fycome^i^V^{e, i^vbef^, e/ the.^ii^of ^)isvAot, glia'll 1^ void or f the sa^e, notj naving beep madp^tpe^ec^c^ oi^pjlgq.in $ie Manner

voidable byreason of .the__________

directed by th& nrst-nafoeid Acvdr otherwise, unoer tile Provisions if such

Deed dr Assurance has ^eei^ or shall be^within TwefyeMopths after the^qt,

enrolled in thd' High CouVt oif^htocery: Provided that every Deed or AVsui^p^pfj(brnny such Charity as aforesaid coming within the Provisions of the Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for remedying a Defect in the 9 G. 4. c. s Titles of Lands purchased for Charitabk Purpose^ shall have the Benefit thereof notwithstanding anything herein contained.

IV. The Expense of the Enrolm^t^apy Deed u^der the Third Section of this Act shall be defrayed out of the Property 4ubject to^the Charity to which the same may relate. *. ., rp') VU, h.r) Tjndnwrr >f/\I oJ) hff^rtic of to A ft A

No Proceedings to be instituted as to Dealings with Roman Catholic Charities prior to 2 & 8 W. 4. c 115.

Certain Deeds for Roman Catholic Charities not to be void if enrolled within Twelve Months from passing of Act.

9 G. 2. c. .36.

[S:^V.i'Where lany iR^al or Personal Estate, subject to any Use, Trust, Gift, Foundation, or Disposition for any Chatty relating; to pr jeQ^eptpd

Property shall Upt beascertnined by nieiuiB of any gotten p; ocwinqnt^ |ti)e j^ps^uJpT^fjge ot irn£ fdsi ' ^reoeding. Twenty ^fear(^ orof j l^e ^a$iPcido4^' Twenty pCf»ra; (hu^.^fh Ymy dbnsrstent Usage in the Application of such Property shall have prevailed, snail } to afford conclusive Evidence of the Trusts on which the same Property shall have Jsecn

fc tTi i 11 f r V "-V t ['i t J *. i \ ? \1 ' '* 11 ' lO i»:n U*tj. j ' *.

rj tc 'It/r[<>\h id\ J'tT pJ<Ji:JmiT_)

Expense of Enrolment, how to be defrayed.

The Trusts of Charities in the Absence of Settlements may be ascertained from the Uaage.

seated

r " VI.'1 Nothing, ' ip this -4ct pontyippd ^h(dj extent, ©. gfrft effect,

VbdiAia, tioih pr .pWpositlQp hW[R%e top , :"

('E?U1, J'» »°F' ^P^u&cftapy, Sw»htM JGw.5?.

..i^rsoti^ the Time of th^ jj^gjpg, p/

, V<iuhaaiion^orpisposition.; |. .0 v.nottA

PiWOWt WRr^.lhe

r>T.

tA s' 7 )>."»[/: If-

ik, |VI>L; Nothing in this Act c&htaifiejtl shall 'hii trtketi to rejfeal in hiiV i<-ay yitl iPiovWjoiis-'of tm Act pJtsseci iry the Tdtlth Year of His fete 'Majfe^fy Kiri^'G^hp'F

rf!

Y.\

jlodw 'jdt Dili; <>}

Act to rejWtft'J Provisions of 10 G. 4. c. 7.

Religious 7 ' V.Ct.

KtlT

) i .: ft-\

VIII. In

608

Interpretation of "Charity."

[Short Title.]

Extent of Act.

Such Number of Constables of the Metropolitan Police as the Secretary of State may direct may be employed in Her Majesty's Yards, &c.

Commissioner of Metropolitan Police may swear Constables to act within Her Majesty's Yards, &c. and within Fifteen Miles thereof.

Assistant Commissioners to act as herein stated.

Charges incurred for Constables to be

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 134, 135.

VIII. In the Construction of this Act, except where the Context or other Provisions of this Act shall require a different Construction, the Expression ((Charity " herein contained shall be construed to mean and include the same Matters and Things as the like Expression means and includes in the " Charitable Trusts Act, 1853."

IX. This Act may for all Purposes be cited as " The Roman Catholic Charities Act"

X. This Act shall be confined in its Operation to England and Wales.

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act for the Employment of the Metropolitan Police Force in Her Majesty's Yards and Military Stations.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it may be expedient to employ certain of the Constables belonging to the f Metropolitan Police Force not only in Her Majesty's Yards and Arsenal within the ' Metropolitan Police District, but also in such Yards, and the principal Stations of the War Department, and in their Neighbourhoods, which are situate beyond the Limits ' of such District:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from Time to Time to employ and authorize to act in Her Majesty's Yards, and in the principal Stations of the War Department, and within the Limits herein-after mentioned, such Number of the Constables belonging to the Metropolitan Police Force as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall direct, and such Commissioner, subject to the Approbation of such Secretary of State, may replace such Constables by as many additional Constables as shall be from Time to Time required, and may frame such special Orders and Regulations for and in relation to the Constables to be employed under this Act, and either in addition to or in substitution for any of the Orders and Regulations for the Time being applicable to the Police Force within the Metropolitan Police District, as he shall from Time to Time deem expedient for preventing Neglect or Abuse and securing the Efficiency of the Constables so employed.

II. It shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis to administer to any Constable belonging to the Metropolitan Police Force who may be appointed or employed as aforesaid an Oath to execute the Office of Constable within all or any of Her Majesty's Yards, or of the principal Stations of the War Department, in any Part of England and Wales, and within Fifteen Miles of such Yards or Stations; and every; Constable so sworn shall have the Powers and Privileges and be liable to the Duties and Responsibilities of Constable within the Yards, Stations, and Limits for which he is #o sworn, as well on Seas as in Harbours and Havens, and on Rivers and other Waters as on Land, and shall act within such Yards, Stations, and Limits as fully as in any Part of the Metropolitan Police District: Provided always, that the Powers and Privileges of the Constables of the Metropolitan Police, when without the Yards, Naval and Marine Hospitals and Infirmaries, and Marine Barracks or Stations, and not on board or in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat belonging to Her Majesty or in Her Majesty's Service, shall only be used in respett of the Property of the Crown, or of Persons subject to Naval or Marine or Military Discipline.

III. The Assistant Commissioners, and each or either of them, shall act in execution of this Act in like Manner as in execution of the Acts relating to the Police of the Metropolis.

IV. The Charges and Expenses which may be incurred by and in consequence of the Employment of Constables under the Provisions of this Act, and the Pay of such Constables

while

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 135, 136. 699

while so employed, and a fair and reasonable proportionate Part of the general Supeorinten- defrayed out dence of the Police, and of any Deficiency which there may at any Time or Times happen to ^fd^°°ieSpP^" be in the Metropolitan Police Superannuation Fund, and ail other Charges and Expenses for liament carrying this Act into execution, shall be paid out of such Monies a8 may be provided by Parliament for this Purpose.

Y. The Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis shall not, nor shall any Assistant The Commis-Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, or any Person belonging to the Metropolitan °^er of Police Force, during the Time he continues in such Office and is employed under this Act, ^pac^ted or within Six Months after he has quitted his Office or ceased to be so employed, be capable for voting for of giving his Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for any County or certain Can-Division of a County, or City, Borough, or Place in which or in any Part of which he Parliament, may be authorized to act under the Provisions herein contained, or by Word, Message,

Writing, or in any other Manner endeavour to persuade any Elector to give or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for any such County, Division, City, or Borough, and if any such Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner of Police, or Person belonging to the Metropolitan Police Force, shall offend therein, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same by Action of Debt to be commenced within Six Months after the Commission of the Offence, and one Moiety of the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Receiver for the Metropolitan Police District, to be by him added to and applied as Part of the Funds for the Purposes of the Police under this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Enactment contained shall subject any such Commissioner or Assistant Commissioner of Police, or Person belonging to the Metropolitan Police Force, to any Penalty for any Act done by him at or concerning any of the said Elections in the Discharge of his official Duty.

VI. The Word " Yards," where mentioned in this Act, shall mean Her Majesty's Dock- The Word yards. Her Majesty's Victualling Yards, and Her Majesty's Steam Factory Yards; and the "Yard*." Word " Stations" shall mean only the principal Stations of Her Majesty's War Department and the Central Arsenal when the same shall be hereafter created.

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of Endowed Charities.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide increased and inexpensive Facilities for the 4 *" Administration of Endowed Charities Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. " The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," and " The Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, The Charitable 1855, '' and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act, and any Provisions of the said former Acts inconsistent with this Act are hereby repealed. with this Act.

II. The Board of Charity Commissioners for England and Wales, subject to the Restric- Certain ad* tions and Rights of Appeal herein-after provided, shall have Power from Time to Time, p^tcTbe upon the Application of any Person or Persons who, under the Forty-third Section of "The exercisable by Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," might be authorized to apply to any Judge or Court for the the Charity like Purposes, to make such effectual Orders as may now be made by any Judge of the CommiS810u<?r8* Court of Chancery sitting at Chambers, or by any County Court or District Court of Bankruptcy, for the Appointment or Removal of Trustees of any Charity, or for the

4 II 2 Removal

Board to notify to Trustees of Charity their Intention of exercising Jurisdiction.

The Powers to be exercisable over no Charities of which the gross Income shall exceed 50/. without Application of Trustees.

The Board shall not exercise Jurisdiction over Contentious Cases.

Notices to be given of certain Ortets, n

or SaggdsHbrtjr to be received.

1 ' '* I -I?

Removal of any School Master or Mistress or other Officer thereof, or for or relating to the ^saiurande* Trinsfor, ! Payment^ testing of any Real or P^sonal Estate beloAgiAg thereto

or ectiiitUpg 'the Official Triiateea t)f Charitable Funds' or other Trustee^ }odtllfi>r k

Transfer (5 and to transfer kny ^todfc belonging to s\ich Estate, or for the EfcfcabUl&atentSf ariy Scheme for the Administrate^ of any such Charity. - 1(j; M Ihm sib

f ., J .: -; ? f, t -, *5 |, I -I. I M -V. t '* /j:M .: .'na/nirsa A.

ITT. The said Boiyrck pr^vipusly , to m*kipgajiy Order under, the Jurisdiction vested' in them by this Act. hall potify , tp(tjiq Trustees, or Administrator# (if ^jay; ) of the Charity; *) bo affected thereby th^, Intention.of^prciring.such Jurisdicpon, by Nflticei*, Writing, >1q be delivered to them, p? , to» them by the Post- ah their* last fenojyn Plapa *£ Aho&.Jr (treat Britain or ire\^u , t , f|. Vvmmi!/. r f.» ri*) . H !. i -io:<t-inimbA

yielding tmjr pecuniary iWortre, shaHamotmt to Fifty Pounds or tipwatds, except Y/phiJ tfife Apj^iCoridfi of thfc' 'tYdsfOds lcfr Ptffsdfls acting in the Administration the ChdrUy, 6r h Majority Of th0m; tO'be1 made to1 the tirtid Board ih Writing iindOr their Hands if they shall fee hrilnoor^omt ^, 0rf uttd^rKhOit CoTtohiOh Seal if they Ahill -be^ih^Workted^tthd tfitf Bo^ishhll not'make)aoy^ OMbi''r^ffi6vifig kriy crfifhe7 Grotihd inly 6fhis Rfeligi

Beliefs >! !1> , :'7 '* ' v rr ..to '>' iif u- *J id , ..-|c /. 11: !« <: .h *(]/ it c; 111 Tf* f'm:r

i Vliit11!/ *i Ji-l 1 / n< '1 I /. *. -! t £!»! 111 - . i\! s M n J A /; !; , Ill- »'('f

V, /% paj4, ]5oftf4 ftlsp &»}# <w»t J«wd«Jtio», fcer#by v«t^!inj, them ia, w»5>

Cupe wbwi, fry i^; Qonten<rt9«9 Clwact^w^fany special; QuWiana of Laivo*/jf

IfftCt:vbf9n; >t, TOay jnyolye, /#; , farther Ja^onft, tbsynMif djonjs'^r more:fiitqbe.a^jadiflj

?Pihyi ofiWjJMwM./Cwilte. / r .'I .t- - If, I , I I--, .! f.if T

r:i\

VI. No Order appointing or removing a Trustee, or establishing a Scheme* for the Atluim^tpvtipTf of..*ny, CJ^ityi sha]U fee n^de; byitbe. s^d; Bqard before, of

yfle C^lc^3IqptK^ot^por.ihp:l^ijopflpa|.rto.mftte; such Qrqftr al^Pha^ beep, g^ve ^, , thpy/may ^ai4er ioao?tf q^pediepti ^nd. effectual for ensuring , thp Ppbliri ^, thereof, iu each Parish or District in which the Charity, if of a local Character, \ ^aU. blp, applicable, or among all Persons interested therein; and no Order removing a Trustee or School fMasU* or Mistress Or other Officer of a Charity who isfcalL have any fcnolrn Offlart of ^e^id^nice in \Gre&k\Britain, or Ireian4jnnd \V:ho .shall' not be/oon«eating "to be' (Hsfclwrgedy shall b(?! mad0 before /the Expiration i of One Cdlendat1 Month aftdt Notice; of! the1 Proposal) to make such Order shall have also been delivered to him or her, or sent by the Post or other-wkso tO suididiib oriher Pladd of Rerideacej hnd nhril alfte^-sikffioietit^Hearing'df tH4 Master before I the*«aid - Boards ot some 'Member thereofi br One of their Insp^e^i^Mand'^vkiV Notice^ hereby xdqnired slinll contain1 («>farias^onvetttently may*be^ sufficient Pnrtlciila^ of; the Objecti of the proposed Ordfer, knd shall prescribe a reasonable witW&wwhich any ObjectiqdB; thereto ot SujggestSon^-thereon may be^ ttiado'or ll^hemitted; tb Board!; bnd the said Board shfall* reGelte' and doosider all <Such Obj^clfews Mid Stiggestlotos; M&f withhold, suspend, or modify their proposed Order, as they shall theretajfcn, 0F$h Rteotl

of further Inquiry, or otherwise, think expedient.

.:n . ,; >"U " l *-1*ro rue »> -i t, A\K

, / , VH. A Copy of every . audk Order i when .made rehftlb fin» the Gaee^ of any lofcad Charity, fcte deposited fou the; Sjaioe *of One Calendar. Month 1 in some oonvbnient Plaee within»rtheiPal*ish dr One of .thetBariahes or in the District in ivhibh the Charity ahiffi be applicable^ iuicliaholl be e^pen *o public llns^ection 5there*at idl reasonable Hpuns during the same Period; lautd/u Copy also of every such Order relating to any Charity, whether local or general, shall be kept, open to public Inspection at all reasonable Hours, at the Office of the Commissioners, dtiring hiibe 'Perioiof One Ciddridir Month j and in eabh Ca^e effectual Pbbli^mr be giteW to t*he hiaking of the Order' by sufch^Mekhs^'Ha the Board'i^h*illbonrider^w^kdtent forthAt Purpose. J i-'t:. , .-.1:; i / -; u. Vi

lYillv , jLhe Attoxuey Gemer^l, or apy Person jmthorizqd by him orrby the eqid^o^d^ j^ the Case, of* any jC^rity?^lyb^teyeir, wiay be.thje yqarlyLIpqoi»f of itaiEndowaimpt ^, and:8^[jPjei^on .ftpti«e W Adrtuni^traripn.o^or intm^ted i»i apy^(^hai-ity, ihft

PubUbatioir ' of definirivt* Ordere.

P^wer ls> a*>-peal^gaiusv Order of, , Bo^rd *

li i r tt i i %< i

!- n .T'i

: b li-

ill T-.

J:)'ir ')o m-inSWI

t# be io4cuUrtje(i iuiAhn^iafosesaid shall (exoeed 1 Et%. Polmdasi ©c ao^ ywrfhlflbabbtpqte .qfIriwiyi^ariAiPFf D, MUietl in which the sameshmll be dpeteially *oay, witkift , Tfa<ee, (Qaiep4^r Months uepitr after 4he definitive i Pubhcatkmi dfuanjn Orderdf* the said Board appointing or remoyipgha; lViwtQeif9ir^Trustees; foriforsote relating!ltd the Assurance, Transfer, Payment, or vesting of any Real or Personal Estatp. or establishing a Sichente for the AdibiniitrdtioA1 of thW C!&r$ty; present1 ePfctftion'to of

0h^>CferW W af silmiftaiy Wtt^yappeaKtog1 Against such <Drdet, and pi^yh^suclt1 Relief *ki thoCbte rtiay retire; ohdany ^hobl masted Of Sebooltatetre's 6r othdr Offli^ Wttov^ by the Ord^r of vri&6ut, tfc#06netii^ 'the Trustees 'dt'PetWitf atcffh^ W the

Administration of the Charity, or a Majority of them, and witftbttf fh^MAp^t6vaf'of"i Wrfff-.iftt. Cfc^rftjr*jm^withilfc Ti*o Qakndftelifter ihis Q?i; hw Rqwyfil), appeal. ini .like, Manner .against the 0*4$r »of Removei; endf the Coutoti vp^ni pr before t^e ^e^ipg of (any .such Petition, - of Appeal as itfe^e^aid - <or*t «yay Stoge of tfe ft-pqeeding^ nj^y, respire, if it .eh*U tbifldc fit, frqrp the a^.^oard^r.th^f Reason sift* jp^king, tfce Order , apppafedagainph orifor, pay, PArkqf jsucfi Qrdeiyftutf mfly remit - the samh ftx:]theJJqard .far. fte^wade^tfan, with/ or >ithppt any DecJa*tfaa in, relation t thereto Of HW Wftkeia^y.sujbatijtutiye py pjtheriOrfJer ixir reUj^w , to the 'MatteriOf thejAppeaf, aadt shall $wk ju#1J«n4the Oppft ipay ^ahe ai\y Ordpv raspedfag, tfa^C*ste, 1; Gbargee*oti Expense* incident to the Appeal, and may also, before hearing or proceeding with the same, r&qtfHrt from any Appellant, other than the Attorney General, proper Security for such Costs, Charges', 5 add' Expenses 1 as fa Ay1 be^ evfatiiAlly payable by liifaf; but 'hd Su^h 'Pcti^ion of Appeal *'shsfll be1 predehfad' by fttty1 iPersott, bthfer thftfa ' #ie(AttM-n^y Gehefaly ^fate the!

Abptfllfait1,

of his or her Intention to present such Petition, shall have Itettaf ^K^tea*tW4!hfe'^ at, their Office., .

hll '1- .1 , i. '' j, '!< -

81}

j; lawoir

u 'i_ i

A -K >

1, 1 IX. The Attii'uey O^e^cral^if h^ a^tall ttiulr'flt, oi- Feffi6li iuthbriifed1 bV hW hl' fWj1 ^aW po^cl, hiay appedi^s' thie B^(^SbAt''tipott afiy'6^bhlA'p^afJ:tttiatH&C<idn rti'iy rtkkti nhy OWer: respecting! fbc 'Cbsts1, 1 '(pb'd'rgeF, drid IClpeb^eS of the 'Attbfpey 'Gewerdl oj* othc^efehdiitit;" J '*'* '! >* .">*1

t >X; > THie Jurisdiction vesteddxy :this Act1 in the aaid' ^iard shall be exetclsable With refef-cuce to CharideaivcAted in any Corporation Sfcle br Aggi^gAte/who) cither edldly or]j^att^ wltbaajy blhef F^won at Persortsy shtllideoibb^tlieKteipiou^ ifhe fBolieftt^hfereeft '1 '

; , XI/ The Jtirwdictkjn) ve8ttq.-by, itl»eliG; hsifit«ble Trust.Actvl8501 ra>ithe District Courts of: Bankruptcy and C^Unty Courts, <, ter Cl'JwMieti notiposfefessing a largerjgrtss yearly Inootne tbutii Thiri^ Pounds, shalLbe. eitencwnUe by the eai^ Cewnta rtfepfectivd^i for /the like Putr-jtoWS/nBdi «i»der tke like iProvjsions !Oyer Gbtnritlet.flf , whi«b the grofa ytsrly £ncodut fat: the 'Xtun^.heiflgyto be eftlcnlftted in manner afoneawd ,; shnll »oit exceed Fifty Potinda, m this feame Maurter as if the Jast-ntentiftBed Xfitnititd tba Jurisdiction.of the.seidiCoeeta had been!fixed by.tlW Bold farmer. j^Ot, -.i; !>, .! />, ! t-. 1 :< !:.:'t /-'!!' .f uv^.'-e .! .ut' v

XII. Any Court or Judge, or the said Board, having Jurisdiction to authorize the official Thrateeslof Clidr it able .Funds tb cell Ifot n Transfer ofand1 to transfer an^Aimuitfes, Stdck, dr i Sdturifies^i! may empower them > also -to receive and recover, in trostj for the Charity I tb dhieli the rnme spall belong, _ iall Dividends^ .Interest^ and Income accrued ifroin any Cuoh lAhnnitihs^ iSfoek, '. or fiecuritids «spHctiVhly> and -which shall for tpeilTimb being: he Id rirdhnl- h-i-.i* -i ... I:'>!, >*' v \ )/:» ... \ , : *, i, !. (> 'n. m /]>'»

) )j[t r(, ..'[ft ) \; T 't. I / !j H .-J* I 1'C 1: ' 't I I *'UUl'j i t ll - J } 'I

., |XWJ.V WWi Wi Swopl. Y^f ^pqr CMfiQffteor apy of thh

a Q te»ng(pji -by> wtipip, pmp§ w hw Offi?«v , or, i^mph.Pcpipicn

of any House, Buildings, Land, or Property of the Charity, shall have DeepjrqippyeJ $rqiu or shall cease to hold such his or her Office, or his or her Place as such Recipient. butji$ or ^e^WAiiy'Pfer^oh^"idalttiiW^* uii^W hhYii t>r 'hc^ shall Refuse' rii1'CTinqtnili rthe PbSseisSoh bf fmch ' House; ' BiiildiiigS; ' LAnd, 1 f of' Pi^erty within." Gtie )ObIeiiCThr ' Mtntlj heit'rtre^kfteH'tb^Ws dir^hW^6de^br, Mt>if' td'ffife'TWrst^ or Pii-eWiW dertrig in ifHe'Adhii-WWBition of the Charity, or as they shall direct, it shall be lawful for any Two or more

J ustiees

/* 'I'M J I U ' 1 I i ! *

T, '* 1 7 7; i) »

lo n . :i. I

i

;", i m: i,

07 >*io7.-.AJ

l i; I o/ 1 -/-J llo't, 70 *j.r,

-I'I .'I

. n o

O, .'.ol.- I'} .^*i , tsi: i L

<07 I, ' ' I

I / f(il !U'7>.

J-) o) - *Ml, ./

Who a#y ini.u of Appeal

Powers to be applicable to Charities vested in Corporations, &c. Jurisdiction of the District Courts of Bankruptcy and County Courts enlarged.

Official Trustees of Chari* r table guilds T^ may beepi-r.|(' powered to receive Arrears of Dividends.

Power for Magistrates to give Possession of School Buildings and ProAfei^T^Id

cers of Red1-1*1 pients of rities.

612

Masters and Mistresses of Endowed Schools to be removable.

Sect. 21. of 16 & 17 Vict. c. 137. extended.

A Majority of Trustees to have legal Power of dealing with the

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 136.

Justices of the Peace acting for the District, Division, or Place in which such House, Buildings, Land, or Property shall be situate, in Petty Sessions assembled, and they are hereby required, on the Complaint of the said Trustees or Administrators, and on the Production of an Order of the said Board certifying such School Master or Mistress or other Officer or Recipient to have been duly removed from or to have ceased to hold his or her Office or Place, (which Order under the Seal of the said Commissioners shall be conclusive Evidence of the Facts thereby certified, and of the Jurisdiction of the said Commissioners to make such Order for all the Purposes of this Enactment, and shall afford a complete Indemnity to all Persons acting thereunder,) to issue a Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices to any Constables or Peace Officers of the same District, Division, or Place, commanding them, within a Period to be thereby appointed, not being less than Ten or more than Twenty-one clear Days thereafter, to enter into the Premises, and deliver Possession thereof to the said Trustees or Administrators, or their Nomine^ or Agent, and to remove therefrom such former School Master or Mistress, or other Officer or Recipient, and all Persons claiming in his or her Right, as fully and effectually, and subject to the same Provisions, as nearly as the Case will permit, as Justices of the Peace are empowered to give Possession of any Properties to the Landlord or his Agent upon the Determination of the Tenancy thereof, under aa Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, for facilitating the Recovery of Possession of Tenements after the Determination of the Tenancy,

XIV. Every School Master and Mistress appointed after the Date of this Act shall be removable from his or her Office, after reasonable Notice by the Trustees or Persons acting in the Administration of the Charity, as they shall think expedient in the Interests thereof, so nevertheless that the Removal by virtue only of this Provision of a Master or Mistress who would be otherwise irremovable from his or her Office shall be determined on by all or a Majority of such Trustees or Administrators assembled at a Meeting convened by due Notice, delivered or sent by the Post to all such Trustees or Administrators who shall have any known Place of Residence in Great Britain or Ireland, by the Space of net less than Twenty-eight Days previously, for the special Purpose of considering and determining on the Question of such Removal, and of which intended Meeting a Notice shall also be delivered or sent in like Manner to the Master or Mistress by the same previous Space, and so also that the Resolution of the Meeting for the Removal of any such last-mentioned Master or Mistress shall be forthwith certified under the Hands of the Trustees or Persons acting as aforesaid who shall have concurred therein, or under the Hand of the Chairman of the Meeting, and shall within Seven Days next thereafter be transmitted to the said Board for their Approval, and the same shall not take effect unless or until, the same shall have been approved by the said Board, who may also, if they so think fit, fix the Time or any reasonable Conditions at or under which the same shall come into operation; if also there shall be any special Visitor of the Charity who shall be resident in Great Britain or Ireland, and free from Incapacity, no Removal of any such last-mentioned Master or Mistress shall be made under the Authority only of the preceding Provision without the written Consent of such Visitor: Provided always, that this Section shall not apply to any endowed Grammar School.

XV. The Power vested in the said Board by the Twenty-first Section of u The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," of authorizing the Application of Monies belonging to any Charity or to be raised on the Security of the Properties thereof, to the Improvement of such Properties, shall extend to authorize the Application of any like Monies to any other Purpose or Object which the Board shall consider to be beneficial to the Charity or the Estate or Objects thereof, and which shall not be inconsistent with the Trusts or Intentions of the Foundation.

XVI. A Majority of Two Thirds of the Trustees of any Charity assembled at a Meeting of their Body duly constituted, and having Power to determine on any Sale, Exchange, Partition, Mortgage, Lease, or other Disposition of any Property of the Charity, shall also have a legal Power, on behalf of themselves and their Co-trustees, and also of the Official

Trustee

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 136.

Trustee of Charity Lands, where his Concurrence would be otherwise required, to do, enter into, and execute all such Acts, Deeds, Contracts, and Assurances as shall be requisite for carrying any such Sale, Exchange, Partition, Mortgage, Lease, or Disposition into legal Effect, and all such Acts, Deeds, Contracts, or Assurances shall have the same legal Effect as if the same were respectively done, entered into, or executed by all the acting Trustees for the Time being, and by the said Official Trustee.

XVII. No Official Trustee of Charitable Funds, appointed under or in pursuance of the

first or secondly recited Act, shall be chargeable with or accountable for any Loss or Misapplication of the said Charitable Funds, or the Dividends, Interest, or Income thereof, unless the same shall have been occasioned by or through his own wilful Neglect or Default- %

XVIII. The Official Trustees of Charitable Funds shall lay before Parliament annually, on or before the Fourteenth Day of February, or as soon as practicable after Parliament shall be sitting, an Account of the total Amount of the Capital Stock, Shares, and Securities transferred to them in the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of December preceding, and of the total Amount of Monies, other than Dividends or Interest, paid to them or to their Account during the same Period, and of the Investment thereof, and of the Capital Stock, Shares, and Securities sold or re-transferred by them during the same Period, and of the aggregate Amount of the Capital Stock, Shares, Fnnds, and Securities, and the Balance of Cash, held by them on such preceding Thirty-first Day of December.

XIX. The Board may require any Person having the Custody or Control of any Deed or Document in which any Charity or Charities shall be solely interested to transmit the same to the Office of the said Commissioners for Examination; and where such Deed or Document shall not be held by any Person entitled as a Trustee or otherwise to the Custody thereof, the Board may either retain the same, for the Security thereof, in the Repository provided by them under the Sixty-third Section of "The Charitable Trusts Act, 1853," or, as they may think most advantageous to the Charity, may thereupon, or at any Time thereafter, return or issue the same to the Trustees or Persons acting in the Administration of the Charity, for the Purposes thereof.

XX. All Orders made by the said Board under the Provisions of this Act shall be enforceable by the same Means, and shall be subject to the same Provisions, as are applicable under the Charitable Trusts Act, 1853, and the Charitable Trusts Amendment Act, 1855, respectively, to any Orders of the said Board made thereunder.

XXI. The said Board shall from Time to Time make such Minutes as shall be required relative to the Institution and Conduct of their Proceedings under the Jurisdiction created by this Act

XXII. There shall be paid to the Secretary for the Time being of the said Commissioners, in consideration of the Increase and Extent of his official Duties, such a Salary, not exceeding the annual Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, in lieu of the Salary payable to him under the firstly cited Act, as shall from Time to Time be allowed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

XXIII. Every Order made under this Act under which any Stock, Shares, Securities, Or Monies shall De transferred or paid to or deposited with the Trustees of any Charity, or the Official Trustees of Charitable Funds, shall afford a complete Indemnity to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and to all Companies and Persons by whom respectively any such Transfer, Payment, or Deposit shall be permitted or made, for permitting or making the same, and the said Governor and Company and other Companies and Persons shall be required to give effect or to conform to such Order, and it shall not be necessary for them to inquire concerning the Propriety of the same Order, or the Jurisdiction under which the same shall purport to be made,

XXIV. Every

613

Charity

Estates.

Official Trustee not to be accountable for Loss unless occasioned by his own Neglect.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament

Power to require the Transmission of Documents belonging to Charities.

Orders to be enforceable as under former Acts.

Board to make Minutes.

Salary of the Secretary.

Indemnity to the Bank of England and others.

m

Commissioners, &c. exempted from serving

Short*/Tbte/1 t<»

ot ujj , ?!:>' r

I 'WfOMJ 'J'i l>Aj n fft J v .Ijl -J-tM I

V)r'/ Hi- A r I h'juiiiinnM '*f /» > khi; f/i.'L Put

Powers now vested in Commissioners to extend to Parliamentary Securities, &c.

Annual Ke-port to be laid before Parliament.

(n

, U - i

23 °(>$t| 24?; y iC.SQ U W,

-, ^fl yr r^ycry, Coronwpsj^o^r, fjeoretwry, and* Inepe#t<?r Acting wndler or «tftplOyedifcc 4%. Purposes of the said Acts shall be exempt from serving on Juries while be shsili be SQ «eting or employed.

j r - i J. '(, *'.!<> I. I 1': ! . i I > s ' . *, ' j. .; i. 1: . -, i: ' j .*1. t .1

3p£yn , T^is Act, p^ybe<?ited, f9ri all PnEpoge# by the Short Title, of "The *Charitable!

TrW^, iA9i?ii . *: '1 v'1'./j !> i-.i .; H *> . «.i' - 1 ' , J

JO 5' *)!(; '*.) VJ > 1.1.-- -I .: . 1 , ! I, , : J.:[' ! *

; oili'.; (I <!* -11in-f; // I '.'o.r, 1 \Yi! \ it-.-.j't ", I o ., \-u ')-Wird

J j'. r f 11 *f | r j - i f i) i; -.i\ l!r; iU -»U \ > X — for1- »' Y! 'it P, ri:

E i *; :i r '<! '(f in *; !»'*< 1 irill-.t. - \i 7(1 *j ft v:r>''V *.»t - *i-f -! / feO/'{oJ

r:'i. *{ t To J I <!' j r- ft >; *: o n, i if n; ei?'> > '»-; t -»Mf J , <it f >f»- *11 - i: 'VJOiod

fMU'.l >- if*.Ill n f) r to /. Mj 0 A' 'JP*.4l< 05tXXVf I*.*!' *1:'; ,; 'r *J 'r, t i; il I; '"

((oj s. f, t / hiif: v-1 *> i-:H h- J» */-'»' »; i '- i» i, f:* / - H i f - n->1 5 p'fpl °n

Anr Act «mke further 'Provision with respect to:Monies; received drota Saivii^si Etanks.«ttd Friendly SocietiefiJ > — <! ' 1 - i[28th Augmt

V|t, rJ^lER£AS by Actjs now in force relating to Savings, Banks ^ado^ripp^y

. if»T / GjvpJpfJfl* viiriniij* Pri^viAiana arp. p.nap.t.p.fl finr rpcriilntinor tVio IVfnrlp. nf

expedient to mitke turther .Provision for the investing OtiaQtadi EioeUent Majesty, by and Avith? the Advice and 1 Oonfeit

of the Lords Spiritual/dnd Tehopdi^y afrid GAmiaonB^ i»ifhi»)ptetoit ' PatlimAeli^ *afed^bfed; 1 and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say.

I. The Powers now vested in the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in respect of all Monies remitted] toj ti|emj Q<i jajccouftt of Savings Banks and Friendly Societies shall extend to Parliamentary Securities, of whatsoever Kind, created or issue!, or which may hereafter be crdfctek? bfr fc^uid, urider thd Authority of any Act or Acts of ?/?[!^[pn] , yf; Prpyisu^u is by Pa?liwen^ aiiy vStdck

01; V; ebfpritur^th^r :Secg's ^pfp^sly g^mnte^d.fey, A^thoffltjf of Peril (HMnt".oj n.C[

f J jjt ^e^Conitriissipnefs RedilWlon df ttie National f)ehi shall at itie ^nd d7 Tfeat Tepotf to thd tornhii^sioners of! jpor Majesty's Treasury, setting.for^ i^ the whole or the scyertil Trahsactim sljiaU have taken, phvje during t^e Cour^' <y

Vhjfr'in the IrtvesWent or; alf JHiphies xomiljg inljo* their, IJanJs for Savings B^nlcs^nJ Friendly Societies, junJ Of^''rill' the if 'anjf> \yhich lhay^have tiikon^ptdcft^ijufi

efedh YeiV itt the ^ciirities/ held, by! the jsalct Commission ei*s for (hose Institutions, and Cdfiies *of 1 sddh Reports snill hd laid before both Mouses , of Parliament, ^not, the Fifteenth Pay of February, if Parliament shall be then sitting, and if not then sitting" theli Within Teh Tfafs after ^he next re assembling of Parliament. j f *UrK

: , 4i I <:t . *. b _i'j '; 0 / ':*t n:

CAP. cxxxyiii.

An Act to continue and ameni^tke ^eace Preservation (Ireland) Act (1856).

It- -M'lv-tu,) h; :i: a.*VAi wi -nr, yu.-o.., no-> /{..» '

. n.., P fe.>Kc

Majesty; Chapter WSS'continued until the First Day df iJirfy m ttie peeaent icar, r! pr«eatnt iSeaskm.idf; Parliament p saduit-is exppdient that ibe snid lbBtHnis^ti6nedT Act' *t shouLd ba; ntmend«d, aod further continued I for alhnked Thndt' Be it thefefdre- ertAfcfed by ^batQweaW.nwst lEiideHontiliUjeBtyv by and with' the Aflvloe and CanSentl of1 l^ds

Mil- -I , u :\; j v -'. J' ,; I *[) I' .fill v-'l/* !'- f "m| ''''I' c, 'ff

1. ' 3 TS

, r

* S©r4tl W- VIClfOHliffi, >4.

Spiritaalpt^efrt ParlWViixiAt J 'ft&efetldd; and LBjr4he

Authari^ -i; |5''' - ', r"] T<> 0 ' ' "'* , i', i- -V'L '', M Y w }* !ii. '

I. The printed Copies of every Proclamation issued under the Provisions <of tte, sjud laitHrtwntfbned"Act; and A printed1 Abstract of encli Provisions, ih&ll bel j/ostejd on 'or ifear to the Doors of all Places of Public Worship and of every Police Station" and feat-rack within the District named in such Proclamation by some One or more of the Constables or Sub-Constables who at the Time of posting the same shall be stationed within such District; and as soon as may be after such Constable or Sub-Constable shall have posted such printed Copies and Abstracts he shall verify such posting by a solemn Declaration, to be made before a Justice of the Peace for the County within which such District or the greater Part thereof is situated, in the Form spqof%i)i Schedule ty this Act annexed, which solemn Declaration shall be by such Justice annexed to such printed Copy and Abstract; and such psjpiaad'CcqtyAbstract'*fcld> ^bleihri Bfedhtra^ibtt shkll fey^tfchCbhitabte

ojr :Sub-iOonet^ble i^ritfc the Clerk of the Peace for the Coufatiyv^tiWtM of A Citjp/oi^Plkce withte which such District, oryhe greater Part thereof is situated, ^ind $hidj tjh^r^opof he signed and (Sited by such Clerk of the Peace, and preserved by him amongst the jReiofrds (BF^fccb CotipfyV County of a City, or PL^ce, and the said Declaration whcivproduced from the Cnstod^1 of such Clerk of fife Peace, shall h^ prirnd /acie fe vide (ice: that tjne said PVoilai^tion 'yas duly ^fested in; all Proceeoing3 and for all purposes whatsoever ,; ,

kU< -Tho wnd JastbmenjIiJonfld Acrt^asrthevsaflields amended b^ this Act^hall ^ctmtfatie in f^rqef.wtU tW Finstr Dayrof thousand di^ htodrpd ^Asixtyutwo^: "

#11)

Printed Copies of Proefenia- " tions, See. to be posted within the District

Ml 1: <\ T

M. } -r

r»* -./it

v >n<

19 & 20 Vict. c. 36. continued *8 amended.

viiu! »n *! l.M'. M 1m jS5© H B |y i'r ,; 1" , r r '

* JM .J MIf /I 'V

h» > I'j A [Ml j /' i j:

-A I; 1 lA.By [Cdtfsttvblfe Sub-doriittble] 'do'' sbl^ihnly Add11 ^iric^tely *de<iiar(fe that on jllfe

|^_ r i . uxu i1 T\ 1 in u -/*-< A -!/i HL l.Tm. At l^ht J. A1 'VT 1 !L. __ V

the Do

I i; , .'-.111!/. !o /'i; li' »mi; t'Ji/ I 0 I 'I-M 1/M ' ti i-H -

Off! , Sp^Ni^qL^4TWlft-, , .! -Mi I / fit. n-VW *

Day [or fccvetftl Daiyi] foUWiri ^, vSdelkfetJ ittfeit i the UAte$, -\ I posted i in or neaf to

the ppor^j of all Places of J^iiblic AV^orship, and, of oyory, Police ptatfpi^(ami fejarrppk, v^bhin th^t Part of' the District namca pr referred; tp in the within Proclamation known luii^jT K'j. ill.*.* tx^ul '^<y_ liarvHrf9 Toxcnlynfi,

witjaiu ^Abstract of tj^e; Provisions of ion (Ireland) Act, -1^6; , I fnake^.ilfsjpolemic poc)fw; }tion rottsbi^ntiously* believing the same to be ttruc# and by; yirtuje of the, feroyisioo^ of Act passed in ^hc Sixth Year of the Keigu of J^s ^Jaj[e^ty, K .ing.; Williiwn thej Foqrth^ Ch^n SVxli^rtwo, for the Abolition of unnecessfirjr Oaths. v

1 1 ' V]i '

Made and subscribed before me this Day of

in the Year One thousand eight hundred and

__________ Signed [C.D.]

m / ///:* m / .

CAP. CXXXIX.

{p rj }: )J\ / 'i I *> >r.7 t Mtr - it r 111 f.«' '»f \h. 1 't

ynfpd the Law concerning the making, keeping, and Carnage of Gunpowder and Compositions of an explosive Nature, and cppqerning /be; ^ahufacttire, Sale, and Use of Fit^wor^ V, '; |28th.^18w.]

WHEREAS an Act.wol passed in the, Session hoidfen in the Kinth and Tenth Years 9 & 10 W. 3. Vi/! ! .of; Ki/fg William the Third, Chapter Sevenlto prevent 1 tb^i throwing Or firing dP 7.

V> Sqjaihs, *Serpeats^ and olherTiteworks^ and a like Act Wan passed byi the rariiahient! of 'si^Ais^in the fiftb Year of [King Gearpe ithe Second*'Chapter TwilVef Uad an 'ActAvSs1 sg. 2. c. is. ViWffid'in the Twelfth Year of King George the Third, Chapter Sixty-one, to regulate the (L)

33 & 24 Vict. 4 1 ' making, 12 G-3-c-6'-

616 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 139.

making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder; and it is expedient to amend the Law ' concerning the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, and to regulate the making ' and keeping of other Compositions of an explosive Nature, and to amend the Law concerning the Manufacture, Sale, and Use of Fireworks Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Commence- L This Act shall (except where herein otherwise expressly provided) take effect from imTkep^of an(* ^ie Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and 9 & low. 3. from and after that Day the said Acts of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the c. 7., 5 G. 2. Third, the Fifth Year of King George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of King George 12G &S* *ke Third shall be repealed, except as to any Offence theretofore committed against the game, and any Penalty theretofore incurred, which Offence shall be dealt with and punished and such Penalty recovered as if this Act had not been passed.

Regulations II. The following Regulations shall be observed with regard to the Manufacture and -d^a^of keeping of Gunpowder; (that is to say,)

Gnnpowdef.° No such Manufacture shall be carried on except in Mills and other Places lawfully used for such Manufacture at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, or in Places licensed for that Purpose as herein-after mentioned:

The Quantity of Gunpowder or Materials to be made into Gunpowder to be at One Time under any single Pair of Mill Stones, or Rollers, or Runners, shall not exceed Fifty Pounds as respects Sporting and Government Powder, and Sixty Pounds as respects all inferior Powders, and every Incorporating Mill or Group of Incorporating Mills shall be provided with a Charge House for the Store of Mill Charges properly constructed of Stone or Brick, and situate at a safe and suitable Distance from each Incorporating Mill or Group of Incorporating Mills:

The Quantity of Gunpowder to be subjected to Pressure at One Time in any Presshouse shall not exceed Ten Hundredweight:

The Quantity of Gunpowder to be corned or granulated at One Time in any Corning or Granulating House shall not exceed Twelve Hundredweight:

The Quantity of Gunpowder to be dried at One Time in One Stove or Place used for the drying of Gunpowder shall not exceed Fifty Hundredweight:

The respective Quantities to be at any-one Time in any Presshouse, or Corning or Granulating House, shall not exceed Twice the respective Quantities hereby allowed to be subjected to Pressure, and to be corned or granulated at One Time; and the Quantity to be at any One Time in any Drying House or Dusting House shall not be more than is necessary for the immediate Supply and Work of such House; and for the Purposes of this Provision any Building used with any such Presshouse, Corning or Granulating House, Drying House, or Dusting House, shall be deemed Part thereof, save only Magazines constructed with Stone or Brick, and situate Forty Yards at least from every such Presshouse or other House as aforesaid (herein-after distinguished as Expense Magazines), and save only the Stove in which the Powder which has been dried may be cooling:

Every Person keeping or using any Mill for the making of Gunpowder shall have (in addition to the Expense Magazines) a good and sufficient Magazine or Magazines at least One hundred and forty Yards distant from the Mill or Mills and every Press-house and other House or Place used for or in the making of Gunpowder, far the receiving and safely keeping of all Gunpowder made at such Mill or Mills, as soon as such Gunpowder can from Time to Time be conveniently removed to such Magazine or Magazines, such Magazine or Magazines to be well and substantially built with Brick or Stone, and situate in such Place as may have been lawfully used or duly licensed by Justices before the Commencement of this Act or may be licensed as herein-after mentioned, which Magazine or Magazines is and are herein-after distinguished as a Store Magazine or Magazines:

Every Maker of Gunpowder shall with all due Diligence cause all finished Gunpowder made at his Mill or Mills to be removed accordingly from such Mill or Mills and the

other

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 139. 61?

other Places used by him for or in the Manufacture of Gunpowder, or any Magazines or Storehouses used therewith, to the said Store Magazine or Magazines required by this Enactment to be distant One hundred and forty Yards as aforesaid:

Every Maker of Gunpowder shall cause to be erected or provided good and sufficient Thunder Bods or Lightning Conductors in connexion with every Store Magazine where Gunpowder is kept by him, for the Protection of such Magazine from the Effects of Lightning.

III. Provided always, That at any Time after the passing of this Act it shall be competent Power tp

to the Owner or Lessee or Occupier of any Expense Magazine or any Store Magazine Secretary of which shall have been erected before the Commencement of this Act, and shall be situate and

within the prescribed Distance of Forty Yards or One hundred and forty Yards, and also ajkcieiu Cause to any Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Mill or other Place lawfully used for the Manu- shown, to sauc-facture of Gunpowder before the Commencement of this Act, who is desirous to construct 0°n"

any Expense Magazine or Store Magazine in or in connexion with such Mill or other Place Construction of within such prescribed Distance, to present a Memorial to One of Her Majesty's Principal any Magazine Secretaries of State, setting forth that it is not necessary or required for the Public Safety,

or that from the Nature of the Ground or other sufficient Causes it is not practicable tance. or expedient, to remove such Magazine to . the prescribed Distance, or to erect such intended Magazine at or beyond such prescribed Distance, and thereupon the said Secretary of State shall refer the Matter of such Memorial to such Person as he may think fit, to report thereon, and such Person shall as soon as practicable thereafter examine the Magazine or the Site of the intended Magazine to which the Memorial refers, and the surrounding Ground, and shall make a Report in Writing thereon to the said Secretary of State, who shall transmit a Copy thereof to the Applicant; and if on Consideration of the whole Matter, and any Observations and Explanations thereupon by the Applicant, and on such further Information, if any, as the said Secretary of State may require, he shall be satisfied that it is not necessary for the Public Safety, or is impracticable or inexpedient, to remove such Magazine to or beyond the prescribed Distance, or to erect the intended Magazine at or beyond the prescribed Distance, and shall approve the Site proposed for the same, he shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, and deliver such Certificate to the said Owner, Lessee, or Occupier, and thereupon the Magazine to which such Certificate applies, or a Magazine erected on the Site so approved, (as the Case may be,) shall for all Purposes be deemed to be at the prescribed Distance; and if the said Secretary of State shall not be satisfied that any existing Magazine to which the Memorial refers ought to remain, he shall by Writing under his Hand order the said Magazine to be removed within a Period to be therein limited, and such Order shall be notified to the Applicant or to the Occupier of the Magazine to which the Order relates: Provided also, that the Use and the Continuance of any Magazine as to which such Application is mode to the said Secretary of State shall be deemed to be lawful during the Pendency of such Application, and until the Expiration of the Time mentioned in the Order for its Removal

IV. All Gunpowder made in any Place where under this Act it is not lawful to make Penalties for Gunpowder, and all Gunpowder in any Mill, Presshouse, Coming House, Drying House,

Dusting House, or other Place, exceeding the Quantity which for the Time being may powder con-lawfully be therein, shall be forfeited; and every Person making or causing to be made trary to this any Gunpowder contrary to this Act, or keeping or causing to be kept in any such Mill or Act Place any Gunpowder contrary to the Provisions herein-before contained, shall for so doing,

in addition to such Forfeiture as aforesaid, forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings for every Pound of Gunpowder so forfeited:

Every Person making Gunpowder without having such Store Magazine or Magazines One hundred and forty Yards distant from any Mill and every other Place used by him for or in the Manufacture of Gunpowder, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds for every Month during which such Person makes Gunpowder without having such Magazine or Magazines:

And every Person making Gunpowder who wilfully neglects or delays removing with due Diligence the finished Gunpowder made at his Mill or Mills and the other Places used by him for or in the Manufacture of Gunpowder from thence or from the Magazines or Store-

4 12 houses

819

lioiifea used [ffier^ifh to iU^e Stars' M^igaziae or ^gazjnes distant as shall

Forfeit fcr every Day during which sucV Offence continues any ^um not exQe^ipg Five

, (i. >'«r V., .77. t

No Charcoal H<Vi .Nby/Mpfcer* df-'Oitftpoffdler'shalli6 be kept any (^ardorf Within

to be kept ^tvetity iYalrd^nF atoy MiUoMbthe*''Brigitte for Waking Gunpowder. ^ot of any Pressiouse,

Yards1 of any ofc'iDr^ngy 'Oottifligl OF Dustitig Hiutei or x>th$T1 Place used in otfor thh making of ^Gun-

Miil, &c. powder, or any Magazine or Stotghotted thereto belongings and any Make* (yTGtih^der

wta>«ctB tautmiy^to fefcdeeding Five t^tttkfe^or,

i>here «K>h'; OhaJinjoil 'kept "(tit i lofriget Period thto^Week, mi{yjSttm riot* e&fcfeeding Five JPbumfa^bPev^W Wetek'diiritifi whfoh stteh Hharetoil4cent: li/twJ/C .!; lilt /s LiadJ xIjili-Mj ir

Keguia

to the i ______ __________ ________ ___ __________ __________ __________

cnt^nofiw Fulminating Mercury, or any other Preparation or Composition of an explosive Nature; anddisiJttMn# ^thirtis.^gstyj)1 - I '* ' v.'i.f. i.r* . i > <.)* *' " 'i 1 ' '

NHsucW Manufacture Hiallbe carried tm without such LicetiAeforthat Pmfpose a^hfetyn *

________1 nf uL uj ., aL _, _, TiJ iiL ' .U 1- 1L' ___i _i i. J-, !_i_*fl, IuXM

aMke^pin^of AmrotmWoil, 1 Ag()j nil'' :< \u ) a*i'<i ', f< tie ir ruin in f>.

/*; ii iir->'j 'j/ *

.)>/. n.fii (, t

/iiiafter1 mentioned, orwithirt the t-e^fCctive Distances herGiTi-after tnentioned, rfnd '^t i , :oppqsity to thetHseriptioils of the r^poctive Artides'; {that ii to'say ^, '"1'^- '! '

io v-(iivrJVr<MSfeSw»'C}tkt>4 vjki! ii 'AmtUhariiofl '

; / /PiritVor'k's *'.

(, )-/ :r 150 y

'; Vi> 'lOO'lfatdB, ' i*'1 T"|J,)

i.:i i rin 'li. r j i j: i l/ . U< *; I; it,

] " stj. ni \\ s A in i ^V:-. iH< *' i *ti _____

nL; 'T! v lOJirl fn'i-vu'i c 50IFft^d/f ilJtv/j; ! 'Hi

i ill' iFlilitiinitin^ Mei'Cury Ar bthef PrepiWithWior C^ompositldnT HA '

; - !*) ^; ^*e«ttUUy'>pl&dlyfe.'PW-- ' ' H -/< t / '^P0: A II, «U

; *'from:anV Bwelling tfetteferirtf ftnV; BAlldlnff in WfiieW T'1 ' ..... J' '

t'r

m;

, .v, ilfcny Duelling Hens#eY ttny; Building ' sh^1Mdtt6fa6tHir^atfet fehiployed^ '

lul .-jr'-i.

Pte&on^' hot' ' WSfH'tefi

__ rtr-j'yiU o / *--!'; /. t *: til to ir t t//'lifOid/.

* N6 ayeh Attfefts as'tvfotesaid, except Per^assktiHCaps, exceeding the tee^xjcirve 'Quantities herein-after mentioned and set opposite to the Descriptions of 'tbC; IreSpectiH

, i, ., M., I, ., .V"- *':!'": -«f i*; U il .1117

, V, »*; , l A Ji-.u- Hioilii // i.«.//

hi., .- j! IbH

1if!HTOlIVteDR^e5Bl>rjr. WflWffWtWWl Vpnipp- J oz-^vor

sition of equally explosive Power - - J 25 ^?er Cent, oi Wa^q^ q

shall be kept in any Place not licensed for that Purpose as herein-after mentiojxed>and /; j /I viij; Rq yudh' Articile^ shall be kf^dt1 In1 any tlhce sd 'ficeneted 'id ewesfe bFthe1 re^e<$tvp (vV , J i i r Oinih ritle i j h thfe ttceti ee 'rn1 that1 Behalf'! i ': (r, A , n:^r In\y<

/A

(, f - rQufeihritie^__________

, , 11 hi t./i ti The Operation of thfe^ G^rtiposltfori' ^b^I, Pef/di<S95nlti, 'XTa'pitf sludFbtt'p^HWriiftd llfa

nj VHt: g ot; !'I 'K;

, >UT. w J^.^W(Wy:P#F!^Of|csl_

I-"1 ((t; Mto; Fjvp.Jfpupth, of^ppypjpp98Hl^!l^.P#^}»St

rfh n": -ivitw MWCT«.mmm-, .i« .i , -.*5i <, i^fept ^»t, which wsefl-fq-..w^ftsswi.

j^M.^ap^votapQsilipn, shall; )be kept m pttj Building .whoreithp Operalipn qg pr^p^rijig: '; suph^"(%n£q8ition is performed, without being roh^d, with at least Xytci^y j>$k ^5a^i of Water: t, r ' 1 v

, ui i d

, i i.n

_______graatisr Quanrity thaii TtferityHotit1 Ounces if Cap 'Cofiipiddiridi^___

©hd'Th^b^lil'tlhe lBuH^ng'u, heiF6'lhe, Opttttatiofn! ofaldidi»g fe pttt^ftriiiedj11 V.<*-, 1!'*'1 oj ., 1 , imw.n, Tho'/Opdrarioft' 1 flllihg1 Or charging Gaitridges shall-bfe petforined iW a BiildiOg '

, .1, , n Kill o.ir *|ini6Mfetiwcfe bjottfew thtm T^vtnty'Ytftds the'rtthet Wofkshdg8 '

, .u . i 1/. 111j the Mattufiotwre1!' and no gt-eawr11 Quantity than Fifty Pounds of-Gmrpowdety ielth^-1

loose or made up into Cartridges, or what is equivalent/as r'egurd3jcxploferv4(P(W^'; +ol

Matppai^ ]be. fh^ai'linj lQne

WPj..iiV, ."'-j! Huh Lm^idk;

1, .if -

, ., 1 to^cted.Yithithp,

I Twenty »ds frota. t^iothey; mj|7ll

- >" uT!..i vo, *WS!KW{ *

n', ! ' tTffe1-gjngpr filling f irewm-ks with

., ju.a Building, smi/4e ft» P^t^cc nqt. Ifipsjt^ail, irrin!tf; r,; iri .nrrnxm

, 11 sbw ^wcctfd, ^..w4, 1^, Wtetv, (hWiti^f, of.

n. explosive Composition used in the Manufacture of I ire works than Thirty Pounds,

whether

.1

whether loose or made up, or wljat is equivalent, as regards explosive Power, to Thirty Vh-.iU PohndSr bf the! ordinary Ghhpbwder, shall at any Gne Time be1 ui jmy Bunding whprq ttie'OpfiiWtrbti of1 filiidg'or chat^ng^ is ^hrforrhdd: A 'u l' -n !; - V' '.u ' " ' (i*^tVj The Manufacture of such Fireworks as contain Detonating Composition, or Composition ^r«r(eas»ly ignited.by Pqrejispion or Fi!i^tlQn|tSan, ., ^fdi»a8y GutyMwdtf, dfcall , ]^cafclpit#04 fa<W Buildings situate [at a .Distance n«it: lssalfaafc-/Uirty1 !.rn, r)Yarfafw>»tjift cither, Workshops, asjd , np greater, .Quantitylithan/j^tPoun^iirf 'ttclii

1 , [, , Cpwp»sition sh^at.ftny Qn©-Timp, beii^*pffiBwlditig<; i< *?«>.\, -d/ /.»* *. .mf.v/rwj

..... Ejtety.Bersxmi keepingpr using, n^y Factory:fbrfthfl-Wftking of: &«tf*u»iti<w*iorFinewotrkw ',) |Iji, ^llliay^, At^'Dw^h»f; Wt.!le^)thA}i Fifty! Yards tipfc, anyj Worfwhdp, )onec*<fd 3 with the Manufactu>?e, Mags; tiue #r) Maga#ia4fy built, I, with /prwk^n-SWnOj.fiirotlrd

m

IfcoOTRif > oX

Mil Of

ni-twT nirlri-w yfii, >.bu-'f .oyS «11:K

receiving apd safely peeping the Gunpowder or other explosive Materials used itUhe

0 '' M&niiftdtfire, ' mid t)ie!f Chttndges1 or 1 Firewbrkfc' (as !Case 'inW 1>e) mjfdSat such,

tfty\ n; Fd6t(jrrr ', ' t T', I; r! Tr I>"/', r *:'*.*: Iy; '>r, \ -Of J t!' I

j vi:'i7 r f- i'I.i ' f; V.; < .iiivi-mn ) -f<> n«-it o f 'i ': f i > l i t vin* n-, viDO': *!/. fill nni Mi I r?>f

VII. All loaded Percussion Caps made, and all Ammunition, Fireworksf/Fulmiiiaitiiig ^ecc#ry* or other] explosive PrepQTa^ipus for Cojqd poeltiops madei fear'kepfc, t int any i Pldoe wfiCre wdpTj^hist Aof it is noti!lawful to male, ^qrcus&on, .Caps, {toriijHol in%ke, Oei(afr, thn»Gate: may be) keep Ammunition^ Fi^Wprka^Fulqaina^pg . explosive^ Ptfapoiptions

or Composition md any Quantity of Ammunition, Fireworks, Fjuhni^ating tjfcrcury, or other explo^YP preparation or Composition kept in any Place where und^jthtff Act it may be lawful tqj^qp/speh Ammunition, Fireworks, Fulminating Mercury, ^0QjtbgliJ explosive Preparation or Composftion, , expwHpg > thO; JftfrMylitept there, shall be forfeHed; and jeyery Person making or capsing I tp- fbeKpade[pprpu$s}on Caps, or ofi>pau^ng t<J <»nHflpi'rA^wuwtio^lFke^Qijm JfTulroiaiting

Mercury, or other explosive Preparation or Compositip% oo^trary to.fchig; Aefel^hiJAifor so dpjiflg, (ip such ^t^nre, QSjafpresa^ ftrfe^t, for feyei# such. QflfwAe S4m

p^edingiTen Pmuju|s 'i, l: ot t*1-, 1 i'i. t) 11' 11, *; i(i v; ii

pll ojr, offer by expbsd id %ire-

ib' miim -Firework

— v>vvy j — *' v-it^pv, and iuiy Person

inacfruerit ehali f6iJeVery Orfenbe .fbj^eit aby' sum hot 'exceeding Five

I - VI A'! J J in nn'M-

A\, ?.fK:ilr:U2 *#t or!J of t/I li'jO'.o! lo > nof«i?uo

PwahicSifoifo f mayn^loaklei h PeptiiMiattr' I f

Caps, or making or keeping AmmuuitioD, &c. contrary to this Act.

No Person to sell Fireworks without a Licence.

l>m: h'MDit; T:oa *iV; M-ll ii; 'i-m jiff11 hi!f 'l.f f*m Cj .1*1 'Mr. ill:J lli.fl:

a-PfX, any; iPersqn. tbrpiy, c|sfe, or.i$r^or-44 .^1 im%q*jri||g, r, casli»g, /pr1!fi>!uig, 1any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or other Firewi^iPfldPifo^ny ^otibiughfo^ft.W ^ublifilflajej he s^ fp^fpywy^qphi^ffea^'^rfeljt^yp^iif^o^epF^wgjFivc Fpowkiu , iT

iX.' 'It 'shall be lawful' for* the u/ustice^ Of Dhfe'fPeacel'for 'eftbH'lJbdnty 6iJ other DivIMb^i, at thbltkjbh'eVsfl1 Qfiaiter SbsilO'rtS1 bjWi 'Apbljbatmil'ttjkdfe td thfeib bVtitty'Fqr^tiq. ffufri TlHje to Time to license the erecfla^Mkhif1 , oil. *2

l^buSbli1 arid' tftner Hddses apd PMb'di

Penalty for throwing Fireworks in Thoroughfares.

Justices to license Places for making and keeping Gunpowder.

>1, "< ' J. " v ' J 1 1 '* ' . 1 —:1 . Y,

4t^lLherluWful % )th^ Jurtw? of !th^ P^erhw each C^tyA)i^«the«i)iyi9l0ii, at thYftr Qep^pl Qu^tjWp{^wio^ R<wp^UnUP9P (Appfeationrwade

to them by anf iS<WWP//Pl^K s for&cti ^Ib^joitded

Sffssiop^Oftpjet mb fer ^p^kipg^pd l^pipg, ^sp^(<H«(uly ^foAnwpaitiopj, ,; ^ifi^warts, M tO^ief. ^plo^}yesPr^pa^tiqp^ ftr Copip^ition^ and to. 4ft(Wrninift the ^vwh) «tp

PuiWWJto)v[}r, w'trfiv/ v» .^Mivui > u, n (, ir dI.um %> :>, <><.[

licence

at

v lXII.'! PrdvWbd always, Xhat ev6i^y Pb^On AppTit^Wbntef*'___J__________

aforesaid shall g}ive Notice iti' WHting of'thh Intently to Mfed

i:\<5tere dr ^lkce in

_ ldbfe1 br' Plblc& 'pro^b^d mMing

mpnm

S.hasjn'i '(Hifj lOifiOflv/

>t' 'Pl^kbs' ^ro^bibd '/or' thb Purposes (aforbsaiA Tesp^ctively, Flibrtdbri jDWs it, hbfbi^after toendbbbd \ (that i^ to sitVi)!, JAHHH" bbu^iVtln, ttoiV^. tim iti m^iaMy W ftn Ovfeeer bFChbf1 th^PiiM drl

Justices to license Places for making loaded Percussion Caps and making and keeping Ammunition, &c.

Notice of Intention to apply for Licence.

\'t o'ijjlvriw

l.'J MJ

Justices may make Licences conditional on Precautions prescribed by them for preventing Danger being observed.

In case of Refusal of Licence, the Applicant may memorialize Secretary of State, who «diall have Power, notwithstanding such Refusal, to grant the Licence.

Owners of Mills may make Rules for their Servants and Workmen for preventing Accidents.

Penalty for doing any Act in any Mill, &c. tending to cause Explosion.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 139.

which it is* proposed to erect or make any such new Mill, with such Houses and Places as aforesaid, or any such Magazine, or to make or use any Building or Place for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or of an adjoining Parish, if the Place be extra-parochial, and have no Overseer; and where the Application is made in Scotland, to the Schoolmaster of the Parish, or if there be no such Schoolmaster, to the Session Clerk; and where the Application is made in Ireland, to the Clerk of the Union within which the Parish is included; and such Applicant shall also in every such Cade cause the like Notice to be affixed on the Outside of the Door or of the Wall near the Door of every Church and Chapel in such Parish or Place, (including Places of Public Worship not belonging to the Established Church,) previously to the Commencement of Divine Service on a Sunday Ten Days at least before the making of such Application.

XIII. The Justices licensing the erecting or having of any new Mills and other Place? to be used for or in making Gunpowder, or any Magazine near thereto, or any Magazine for keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, and the Justices or Council licensing any Place for the making of loaded Percussion Caps, or for the making or keeping of Ammunition, Fireworks, Fulminating Mercury, or any other explosive Preparation or Composition, may, if they see fit, grant their Licence conditionally upon such precautionary Measures being taken and maintained with regard to the structural Arrangements of every such Mill, Magazine, or Place, the Erection of Mounds \or Screens to separate the same from any inhabited House, and otherwise, as they may deem proper for diminishing the Bide of Danger to Life by Explosions.

XIV. If, on any Application for the licensing of any new Mill or other Place to ]be used for or in making Gunpowder, or any Magazine near thereto, or any Magazine for keeping unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, the Justices shall refuse the Licence, or grant the same only on Conditions with which the Applicant, shall be dis-satisfied, they shall, if sp required by the Applicant, certify such Refusal or Conditions and the Grounds thereof, in Writing, to be signed by the Chairman presiding at the Hearing, and shall deliver the Certificate to the Applicant, who may thereupon, within Ten Days from the Time of the Delivery thereof, transmit the same to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, together with a Memorial praying that, notwithstanding such Refusal, the Licence may be granted, or that such Conditions may not be imposed, or may be altered or modified in such Manner and to such Extent as shall be set forth in such Memorial; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State, if he shall so think fit, on consideration of such Memorial and Certificate, and if he shall think it necessary or desirable, after due Inquiry from and a Report by such Person as he may appoint for that Purpose, to grant the Licence prayed for either absolutely or with such Conditions as he shall think fit, or to alter or modify the Conditions imposed by the Justices; and the Licence so granted, or altered and modified, as the Case may be, certified under the Hand of the said Secretary of State, shall be to all Intents as valid and effectual as if made and granted by the said Justices.

I

XV. It shall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any Mill, Magazine, or Place m which Gunpowder, Ammunition, Fireworks, Fulminating Mercury, or any other explosive Preparation or Composition is manufactured or kept, or loaded Percussion Caps are manufactured, from Time to Time to make such Rules as he may think fit for the Purpose of regulating the Conduct of his Servants and Workmen employed in such Mill, Magazine, or Place so as to prevent as far as may be Accidents by Explosion, and from Time to Time to alter or rescind any such Rules, and make others, provided such Rules be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom where the same are to have Effect, or to the Provisions of this Act; and such Rules shall be signed by such Owner or Occupier, and a Copy thereof shall be given to every Servant or Workman employed in such Mill, Magazine, or Place who may be affected thereby, and shall be affixed in the Mill, Magazine or Place to which the same relate.

XVI. Any Servant or Workman of any Owner or Occupier of any Mill, Magazine, or Place in which Gunpowder, Ammunition, Fireworks, Fulminating Mercury, or any other explosive Preparation or Composition is manufactured or kept, or loaded Percussion Caps are manufactured, who violates the Rules made as aforesaid, and any such Servant of

Workman,

23° & 24° VICTORIA c. 139.

m\

Workman, or any other Person, who does or attempts to do any Act ip, to, or about such Mill, Magazine, or Place tending to cause Explosion, or who brings into such Mill,

Magazine, or Place any Thing tending to cause Explosion, shall for every such Offence be subject to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds on summary Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, or in Scotland before any Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate; and any such Servant or Workman as aforesaid, or other Person so acting, may be apprehended without a Warrant by any Peace Officer or other Officer of the Law, or the Owner or Occupier of such Mill, Magazine, or Place, or his Servant, or by any other Person authorized by such Owner or Occupier, or his Agent or Manager, and removed from the Mill or other Premises, and may be conveyed with all convenient Despatch before some Justice, or in Scotland before any Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate, and such Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate shall proceed with all convenient Despatch to the hearing and determining of the Complaint against the Offender.

XVII. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to Secretary of authorize, from Time to Time, such Person as he may see fit to inspect and examine any ^thoi^Per-Mill, Magazine, or Place in which Gunpowder, Ammunition, Fireworks, Fulminating Mercury, or any other explosive Preparation or Composition is manufactured or kept, or Mills, supposed to be manufactured or kept, or loaded Percussion Caps are made or supposed so

to be, in order to see whether or not the Regulations of this Act concerning the Manufacture and keeping of Gunpowder, and such other Matters as aforesaid* and concerning the making of loaded Percussion Caps, are complied with, and to report to such Secretary of State thereon; and every Person so authorized shall have Authority to enter, inspect, and examine any such Mill, Magazine, or Place, at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, without .any previous Notice for that Purpose, and the Owner or Occupier of every such Mill,

Magazine, or Place is hereby required to furnish the Means necessary for such Entry,

Inspection, and Examination:

Any Owner or Occupier of any Mill, Magazine, or Place which any such Person authorized by the Secretary of State is empowered to enter, inspect, and examine, who refuses or neglects to furnish to such Person the Means necessary for making his Entry,

Inspection, and Examination, and every Person who wilfully obstructs any such Person in the Execution of his Powers, shall for every such Offence forfeit Five Pounds.

XVIII. No Person shall have or keep at One Time, being a Dealer in Gunpowder, or Limitation of Manufacturer of Cartridges, Fireworks, or Rockets, more than Two hundred Pounds of Q^nti^r°[0 Gunpowder, and, not being such Dealer or Manufacturer, more than Fifty Pounds of Gun- be^l^tby powder, in any House, Mill, Magazine, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Yard, Persons other Wharf, or other Building or Place, (and for the Purposes of this Enactment all Buildings and Places adjoining to each other, and occupied together, shall be deemed One House or Place,) or on any River or other Water, (except in Carriages loading prlunloading or passing on the Land, or in Ships, Boats, or Vessels, loading or unloading, or passing on any River or other Water, or detained there by the Tide or bad Weather,) within the following Limits, being the Limits within which Gunpowder Mills or Magazines may not be licettsea under this Act; (that is to say,) within the City of London or Westminster, or within Three Miles of either of them; or within any Borough or Market Town, or One Mile of same; or within Two Miles of any Palace or House of Residence of Her Majesty, 'Her Heirs or Successors; or within Two Miles of any Gunpowder Magazine belonging to tbfc Crown; or within Half a Mile of any Parish Church; or in any Pldce beyond the Lftnith aforesaid, except in Mills or other Places which at the Commencement of this Act shall be lawfully used for the making of Gunpowder, and the Magazines, Storehouses, and Offices near and belonging thereto, and in the Magazines in which greater or unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder may be lawfully kept at the Commencement of this Act, and in the Places where it shall be lawful to make Gunpowder, or to keep greater or unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder, under the Provisions of this Act; and all Gunpowder kept beyond the Quantity hereby allowed, and the Barrels or Receptacles in which such Gunpowder shall be kept, shall be forfeited, and any Person keeping the same shall for every such Offence forfeit not exceeding Two Shillings for every Pound of Gunpowder kept beyond the allowed Quantity.

622 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 139.

Gunpowder may be kept for Mines under certain Conditions.

XIX. It shall be lawful for any Person to keep, exclusively for the Use of any Mine, Quarry, or Colliery, any Quantity of Gunpowder not exceeding Three hundred Pounds Weight at any One Time in any Magazine or Warehouse, so as such Magazine or Warehouse be within Two hundred Yards of such Mine, Quarry, or Colliery, and (unless erected and used for this Purpose before the passing of this Act) be not within Two hundred Yards from any inhabited House, without the Consent in Writing of the Occupier of such House; and it shall be also lawful for any Person to keep, exclusively for the Use of One or more Mine, Quarry, or Colliery, Mines, Quarries, or Collieries, any greater Quantity of Gunpowder not exceeding Four thousand Pounds at any One Time in any Magazine, so as such Magazine be well and substantially built of Brick or Stone, and, save where continued or erected under a Certificate of the Secretary of State as herein-after mentioned, be within Two Hundred Yards of the respective Mine, Quarry, or Colliery, or One of the Mines, Quarries, or Collieries, for the Use of which such Gunpowder is kept, and not within any of the Limits herein-before particularly described, and not within Two hundred Yards from any inhabited House, without the Consent in Writing of the Occupier of such House: Provided alwaj s, that the Owners, Lessees, or Occupiers of any Mine, Quarry, or Colliery, having for the Use thereof a Magazine not situated as prescribed by this Enactment, or being desirous of erecting a Magazine not so situated, may make Application by Memorial to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in the like Manner and for the like Causes as herein-before provided in relation to the Continuance or Erection of an Expense Magazine or Store Magazine within the prescribed Distance, and the Secretary of State may, by his Certificate, authorize the Continuance or Erection of the Magazine to which the Application relates, either absolutely or conditionally on such precautionary Measures being taken and maintained as he may deem proper.

Not more than

XX. No Person shall have or convey at One Time more than Thirty Barrels of Gun-

Land Powder *n any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage by Land, except in a Van specially con-

and YWe bun- structed for that Purpose, enclosed on every Side with Wood, and then not more than dred by Water, Forty Barrels, and unless such Carriage form Part of a Railw ay Train, and then not more than One hundred Barrels in any Carriage forming Part of such Train; and no Person

tme' shall have or convey at One Time, within the United Kingdom, more than Five hundred Barrels of Gunpowder in any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel by Water, except in Vessels with Gunpowder imported from or to be exported to any Place beyond the Sea, or going Coastwise; and all Gunpowder conveyed on Land or Water (except in such Vessels for Importation or Exportation of Gunpowder, or going Coastwise,) sli&ll be in Barrels, close joined and hooped, or in Copper, Zinc, or Tin Cases or Canisters, enclosed in Wooden Boxes or Barrels, without any Iron about such Boxes or Barrels, and so secured that no Part of the Gunpowder be scattered in the Passage; and each Barrel shall contain up more than One hundred Pounds of Gunpowder; and every Carriage in which Gunpowder shall be conveyed by Land shall have a complete Covering of Wood, Painted Cloth, Tarpaulin, or Wadmill Tilts, overall the Gunpowder therein contained; and no Gunpowder shall be conveyed by Water in any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel not having a close Deck (except in Vessels with Gunpowrder imported or to be exported in manner aforesaid, or going Coastwise); and as soon as any Gunpowder is put on l>oard such Vessel, all such Gunpowder shall be covered with raw Hides or Tarpaulins; and where any Gunpowder conveyed by Land or Water is contained in any Receptacles hereby authorized other than Barrels, no greater Quantity shall be so conveyed than shall be equivalent to what might lawfully hare been so conveyed if the same had been contained in Barrels:

And all Gunpowder which shall be carried or conveyed (except in such Vessels with Gunpowder for Importation or Exportation as aforesaid, or going Coastwise,) within any Part of the United Kingdom in greater Quantity or in other Manner than is herein-before prescribed, and the Barrels or other Receptacles in which such Gunpowder shall be, may be seized by any Person, who shall have the same Authority to remove such Gunpowder and Barrels, or Receptacles, and to use for that Purpose, during the Space of Twenty-four Hours after Seizure, the Carriage or Vessel in which such Gunpowder shall be seized, and the Tackling, Beasts, and Accoutrements belonging thereto, on the Terms of paying a Recompence for the Use thereof, and to detain such Gunpowder and Barrels or Reoeptacles,

623

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 139.

as is herein-after given to Persons searching under a Warrant or a Justice of the Peace, Sheriff, or Magistrate, and such Seizure shall be for the Use of the Person making the Seizure, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders.

XXI. When any Barge, Boat, or Vessel, having stale, condemned, or returned Gunpowder on board, arrives at the Quay, Wharf, or other Place where the same is intended to be landed, no Person shall begin to unload, or shall bring down to such Wharf, Quay, or other Place with Intent to load, in such Vessel, any other Gunpowder, until the whole or Part of Such stale, condemned, or returned Gunpowder be first unloaded or aimed away from such Wharf, Quay, or other Place of Landing; and after such unloading and carrying away of Part of such Gunpowder no Person shall begin to load or shall so bring down with Intent to load any greater Quantity of other Gunpowder than the Part unloaded and carried away, on pain of forfeiting all Gunpowder so loaded or brought down contrary to this Enactment.

XXII. Any Person having the Care or Management of any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel whatsoever (except Ships or Vessels with Gunpowder on board imported from or to be exported to Places beyond Sea, or going Coastwise,) loaded with Gunpowder, or any other Person on board the same, who brings, has, or uses, or permits any Person to bring, have, or use, any Charcoal, Lucifer Matches, or other combustible Matter, or any Fire or lighted Candle, during the Time of loading or unloading, or when the Hatches are open, or smokes or wittingly permits any Person to smoke on board such Barge, Boat, or Vessel, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXIII. No Person having the Care of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage used for the Conveyance of Gunpowder by Land shall, after beginning to place or load therein any Quantity of Gunpowder, or beginning to unload the same thereout, stop or stay at any Place of loading, or in the loading or unloading suffer any longer Time to pass than with the Use of all due Diligence shall be reasonably necessary for the Purpose of loading or unloading; and no Person, having the Charge or Care of any Barge, Boat, or other Vessel used for the Conveyance of Gunpowder by Water, (except in the Case of Vessels loading for Importation or Exportation of Gunpowder to or from Places beyond Sea, or going Coastwise,) shall, after beginning to load or unload any Quantity of Gunpowder, stop or stay at any Wharf, Quay, or other Place of loading, or in the loading or unloading thereof suffer any longer Time to pass than with the Use of all due Diligence shall be reasonably necessary for the Purpose of loading or unloading, not exceeding Eighteen Hours, unless hindered by the Weather; and every Person offending against this Enactment shall for each Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIV. None of the aforesaid Provisions for or relative to the Conveyance of Gunpowder, or the loading or unloading thereof, shall extend to any other Waggon, Cart, or Land Carriage, or any other Boat, Barge, or Vessel, than such as shall oe loaded with or employed in conveying a Quantity of Gunpowder exceeding One hundred Pounds Weight.

XXV. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, and in Scotland for any Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate, within the Limits of whose Jurisdiction Gunpowder is suspected to be made, kept, or carried, contrary to this Act, on Demand made, and reasonable Cause assigned upon Oath by any Person, to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, or in Scotland under his Hand, for searching in the Daytime any House, Mill, Magazine, Storehouse, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Yard, Wharf, or other Place, or any Carriage, Ship, Boat, or Vessel, in which such Gunpowder is suspected to be made, kept, or carried contrary to this Act; and all Gunpowder found to be made, kept, or carried contrary to this Act, and also the Gunpowder Barrels or other Receptacles, shall be immediately seized by the Searcher, who shall with all convenient Speed after the Seizure remove such Gun-

Eowder, and the Barrels or other Receptacles in which it shall be, to such proper Places as e, in conformity to the Restrictions of this Act, shall think fit, and in the Case of any such Gunpowder seized in any Carriage or Vessel may use for the Purpose of Removal, during the Space of Twenty-four Hours after Seizure, such Carriage or Vessel, with the Tackling, 23 & 24 Vict. 4 K Beasts,

No Gunpowder to be loaded until that condemned be unloaded.

Penalty for smoking, &c. on board Vessels loaded with Gunpowder.

Penalty for undue Delay in loading or unloading Gunpowder.

Foregoing Provisions to extend only to Carriage of more than 100 lbs. of Gunpowder.

Power to Justices to issue Warrants to search.

Regulations for the Security of the Vessels in the Hirer Thames.

Conservators of the River Thames to appoint Searchers.

Forfeitures and Penalties recoverable summarily.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 139.

Beasts, and Accoutrements belonging thereto, (paying afterwards to the Owner or Owners thereof a sufficient Recompence for the Use thereof, to be settled by the Justices, Sheriff, or Magistrates before whom the Complaint shall be heard, after the Seizure, and in case of Nonpayment immediately after Settlement by such Justices, Sheriff, or Magistrates, to be recoverable as in the Case of pecuniary Penalties under this Act,) and may detain such Gunpowder, and the Barrels or other Receptacles in which it shall be, till it shall be adjudged, on a Hearing before Two or more such Justices or Magistrates, or before the Sheriff, whether the same shall be forfeited; and such Searcher or Seizer shall not be liable to any Suit for such Detainer, or for any Loss of or Damage which may happen to the said Gunpowder or Barrels or other Receptacles, other than by his wilful Act or Neglect, or the wilful Act or Neglect of the Persons with whom he shall intrust the keeping thereof: Provided, that where any Gunpowder is seized under this Provision, Proceedings for the Forfeiture thereof shall be commenced within Twenty-eight Days after such Seizure.

XXVI. No Master or Commander of any Ship or other Vessel lying in the Thames, and Outward bound, shall receive or permit to be received on board any such Ship or Vessel more than Twenty-five Pounds of Gunpowder (except for the Queen's Service) before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at, over against, or below Blackwall, and the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel coming into the River Thames shall (except in the Case of Gunpowder for the Service of the Crown) put on shore in proper Places, in conformity to the Restrictions of this Act, all the Gunpowder on board such Ship or Vessel above the Quantity of Twenty-five Pounds, either before the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at Blackwall, or within Twenty-four Hours (if the Weather shall permit) after coming to an Anchor there, or to the Place of unloading there, and shall not afterwards have on board more than Twenty-five Pounds of Gunpowder (except for the Service of the Crown), on pain of forfeiting for every Offence in any of the said Cases all the Gunpowder found on board above the Weight of Twenty-five Pounds, and the Barrels or other Receptacles in which such Gunpowder shall be, and also not exceeding Two Shillings for every Pound of Gunpowder above the Quantity of Twenty-five Pounds.

XXVII. The Conservators of the River Thames for the Time being shall from Time to Time appoint One or more of the Harbour-masters of the Port of London, or other Person or Persons, a Searcher or Searchers for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder in Ships or other Vessels in the River Thames, which Person or Persons so appointed are hereby authorized, at any Time between Sun-rising and Sun-setting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except Her Majesty's Ships) in the River Thames above Blackwall, and to search the same for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder, and also shall have the same Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places, and detaining all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Barrels or other Receptacles in which such Gunpowder shall be, as are herein-before given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice of the Peace.

XXVIII. Any Forfeiture or Penalty, or Forfeiture and Penalty, (as the Case may be,) for any Offence against this Act, and not herein otherwise provided for, may be enforced and recovered upon summary Conviction of such Offence before any Two Justices, or in Scotland before any Sheriff or any Two Justices or Magistrates; and, save as herein otherwise provided, one Moiety of every Forfeiture and Penalty for any Offence against this Act, or Violation of any Rules made thereunder, shall belong to Her Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, anything in any Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if the Informer be a Person appointed under this Act by the Secretary of State, or a Servant of the Person informed against, the Moiety of the Penalty which would otherwise belong to the Informer shall be applied in such Manner and to such other Purposes as the Justices, Sheriff, or Magistrates in their Discretion think fit: Provided also, that such Forfeitures and Penalties, and the Expenses attending the Conviction, may be levied and' recovered in Scotland by Poinding and Sale, and in default of Payment, or of sufficient Poinding, by Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Three Months.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 139. (525

XXIX. Where under any of the Provisions herein-before contained Application may be The Lord Lieu-made to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, an Application in relation or to the like Matter in Ireland may be made, by Memorial, to the Lord Lieutenant or other ireiandl^7 Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary; and such Lord have the like Lieutenant or Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, shall and may Authorities as have and exercise in Ireland, as well in relation to the Matter of any such Application as secmaiy for and in relation to the Inspection and Examination of Mills and other Places, the same of State. Authorities and Discretion, and may grant and make Certificates, Licences, and Orders having the like Force and Effect, as herein-before provided in relation to the Secretary of State; and all the Provisions of this Act having reference to the Secretary of State shall, in relation to any Matter arising in Ireland, take effect as if the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors, or his or their Chief Secretary, had been mentioned or referred to instead of such Secretary of State.

XXX. This Act shall not extend to any Mills or other Buildings erected or which Act not to may be erected for the Purpose of making Gunpowder on any Lands belonging to or held

for the Service of the Crown, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at any Storehouse or Magazine c£own Lands, belonging to or held for the Service of the Crown, or to the Manufacture, loading, or &e. keeping of Percussion Caps, Ammunition, Fireworks, or any Preparation or Compound of an explosive Nature, in any Place belonging to or held for the Service of the Crown, or to hinder the Trial of Gunpowder by Her Majesty's Officers, as is usual, for the Service of the Crown, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines now erected for that Purpose at Barling Creek's Mouth in the County of Essex and Erith Level in the County of Kent, or to the keeping of Gunpowder at the Magazines or Storehouses now erected near the City of Bristol, or to the keeping of Gunpowder in Vessels moored in the River Mersey under the Provisions of the Act of the Session holden in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-seven, or to the Carriage of Gunpowder to or from Magazines belonging to the Crown, under a special and express Order of the Secretary of State for War, such Order to contain the Quantity of Gunpowder so to be carried, and the Time for which such Order shall be in force, or to the Carriage of Gunpowder with Forces on their March* or with the Militia or Volunteer Corps during their Exercise, or which shall be sent for the Use of such Forces, Militia, or Volunteer Corps.

XXXI. This Act shall not extend to repeal or alter the Act of the Fifty-fourth Year Act not to of George Third, Chapter One hundred and fifty-nine, or to Gunpowder, Percussion Caps, or combustible Articles on board any Ship, Vessel, or Boat of Her Majesty or in Her Gunpowder, Majesty's Service, or required or kept for the Use of Her Majesty's Navy, Her Majesty's &c. on boanl Royal Marine Forces, the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers, the Royal Naval Volunteers, or any Force which is or may be under the Orders or Control of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom.

XXXII. This Act shall not extend to prevent the keeping of Gunpowder in the Proof Saving for Houses of the Two Companies authorized by "The Gun Barrel Proof Act, 1855," or in Magazines connected with such Proof Houses, provided that the Quantity of Gunpowder Vict. c. cxlviil, kept at the same Time in any One such Proof House, and the Magazine (if any) connected (Local) therewith, do not exceed in the whole Five Hundredweight.

XXXIII. This Act shall not extend to hinder any Person or Persons from carrying or conveying an unlimited Quantity of Gunpowder, in such close-decked Vessels and Manner as herein-before is directed, from any Ships or Vessels lying below Blackmail, to any of the Magazines for Gunpowder so situate below Blackmail, or from such Magazines to any Ships or Vessels lying below Blackmail, and going to any Place beyond Sea or Coastwise, or from the floating Magazines in the River Mersey to any Ships or Vessels going to any Place beyond Seas or Coastwise, or from any Ships or Vessels arriving from any Place beyond Seas or Coastwise to the said floating Magazines.

XXXIV. This Act shall not extend or be construed to repeal or affect the Provisions Saving of concerning Gunpowder in and near the London Docks in Sections One hundred and thirty- pJ.^{jon

" 4 K 2 four

Not to extend to binder unlimited Quantities of Gunpowder being conveyed from Ships below Blackwall.

of London Docks.

Saving for Provisions of Police r4<*P* ri '

7

, i Ji: .

23.t)«4 2rVMrmftYri*l3!>; ffcH>.

fflHP «n^, .0n|6, itiw?4c^ of the, Apfc. <tf >, thfi

Fourth, Chapter One hundred and sixteen (Local and Per^p^}^ -6U .uliJ, b .f[/j '\{, ^tho/huA

XXXV. This Act shall not extend or b^, Q(^]tnjed to repeal or affect the Provisions with respeetto Gunpowder Magazines, Gunpowder, or Fireworks contained in any General or LocalFaFfce' Act WWbhtaf# lie force in ttttyrPfacoWi Ifife tJliited'Kit^doih/

2&3V iqt., C. 47.W V /s 9 & io Vict.1

C.

conslirtred to referring to this Act.

XXXVI. And whereas by an Act of the Session holden in th^ Secpml and Third ' Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-seven," for further irfi^Wv&g j me Police in and <.mdar the Metoropbiiis, ": ev«ry SufferintetMlptot) or *Inspector*fcblongrag for (thri MiffopfcHtan 5 Police'Foirce empoweredas tblarefa* n^ntkmed toei/tfcl an^ lSUp^BoM, eapY0saeL(ente^t 1 Her Majesty's Ships) in the Rifeif Ttamavaod the Dook*fit^, Gi:ete^ t and to search the same for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder, and to exercise the same ' Powers of seizing, removing to .proper* Places* end detaining all such unlawful Quantities ' of Gunpowder fotjnd on bpard any such Ship* Boat, or Vessel, and, the Barrels or .other ^Packages' containing such. Gunpowder, as are given \d Persons searching for1 unlawful v i^ vhxue^bf 'the fehtd^lAiii

f the Sefei6hlMMlM

Quantities bf (gunpowder under thb" Warrant or a justice 1bj '

the Twelfth Year tif fiiAg ' George tfce'Third *, and by an1 Adt of

to Vili-'.T vrr A

* »*' J i *> { 7 i

* r i, fi

f: !* ,

Meaning of

tive a

* explosivb, dangerous, oP ribkidus'^ibBtarice is Buspecterf to be mkde br^ept'fot- Purpose of being used in committing an Offence under that Act; and it is endbt69£ that -'"every-ffeteBon-ftOtinglia tWBwcutioa Df , any aueijr WeWapt- shah havfcj for B&ziflg.Itfcno'fing Vt© proper Places,; and .detaining altGonpowden, e»piosiHe> idapgeftouB,; oe ^0*iou»Shh^ftM»C|^ >f; fdund upon audi Search which he shall have< good Cause to ^sj>b«t to he* intended.tdsjhe osed inlcorttmittiBg 4» Offenc© under, .that Aufcj and the JtorreU, Pack*ges», and, 'Qasffc; ia which the same shall, boith&ftune Powers which are give© toPer$one, 8tarehiflg, fofl1unl4\%IW ' Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice by the said Act of the Twelfth ' Year of King George the Third }\, - i i.

All, Powers, given by the said Acts of the Second and Thirds Years and Ninth and Tenth Years of Her Majesty, or 6y any A'dt passed or to' be passed "lit fhis present' 'Sesaifln of Parliainenf, Aefereiice to the'sala Act of fjie 'Twelfth Year of fen^ opbrge the'THlbd/'^fiim be, construed as if' this Act had been referred to, in the skid Act8^Her Majest^'mdtiEWil W the smd Att bf King' tilorfethe Tmrdl ' ''T l'1'^ v-o; J sr,

i si /G'.. I -i. it{ to f>)

xxxyil. In the Con^truction of this Act the Term "Borough" shalji mean and include any place for thb Thpe^being subject to the Provisions of the Act of' tl^e '^sl6nrhotdrih in "the^fth anS SKth ^earst^f^'theiPoiixilli, 1 C<Aap't.tefr Scvprity-feix'; and id any Royal Burgh and any of the Blirghsot*' T6\vns return big 6^ fcohtyib:dtl&grtt rwuWi Members to Parliament; and in Ireland any Place for the Time beings iitibjefetrti ^th^'PW vjsipns of the Actiof the Session hoidpnM the Third; poupth.Yearsirot'. Her ALkiesty,

oVbap^ Qnelwdr^ andeig^; .7, ..

ill I" [i '

* >.» m" fM .; r-i,) I1: , V

V'ir T-vI^ 'Vi t Hoih

> iji»[ifMtncL bij; s

v.

f >' »

r*<i(it

7/> /J *.fl t to 9 Fb.Y!>v 1 *jit J' " i :it 'fi xi" £,

ir ] jo j s, {j i(/>I /^\

: f\ fi> rC A Pi GXL/. '>'1 J' . iA citii vti nov!

i i' t - >i'ii it' ti; t"t | -I i, > I x I 4.v /i ,; . y/ , i-) iij)? tu'ihy - '"U yl)

Aft. Act for facilityting the Acqqjsitipu. by Rifle VoiMiit^ CQlips ^iOrm^ Rifle Practice.

[28th ^ugtA&t!&8§jx]

WHEREAS it^isi expedient that Facilities should be igiven for the jAjdjtLttftioK by: 1'>'t^ rTTirJ^-isle Volunteer; Co^ps of cfifc Groilnffi foil RiAe Practice j* .Be *ib enictedibm^tle iQiifeen^t uKeb Ekcellent Majesty, by and with the 1 Advicei and Ci#m^nt>4f IltUa bonis f 1 Spiritual

Yelhp#rtd(tiifd1 Coiriliio"PV'itf th^ pfeseiifc P&idlament iw^m^edy 'aJnfrfoy thfc

Authority of the same, as f<diotVfir:! ' l"'J" 1J; i /(- i :r i -!; > i ' | J ):; ir 1

627

; h:10.I l-i rl- *>([

o.li t v <.:>-.rA r- \ freliMiiarij.'-f< " 1 '* iT .(/y; //- ,

i. tkis A^t jnaj.-N 9ite4 fp? i# Gj^pijls, Short fitfe. 5

1860.

in

LfiF*T, iis A<'1 slial1 not ai>i)Iyto M°$

III. The Expression tf Rifle Volunteer Corps" as herein used shall mean any Rifle Defimj^nof ' Volunteer Corps of which Her Majesty has accepted the Offer of Service, in pursuance Rifl£

yd Rfti

XT V ' ' 1^- j- '

Not to apply to

u (eqirif

JIUS & fUl

II isH

ot ban

: - x ."'li

ri

: -fi

of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf provided.

sines odi 981019X9 ot bar, ^oLv/ocjnui:^ io feoititfum^) Iiaw/i

oilttimn.0 ?:!'.*/; ' fi Hi *>i

; A!x Aqy. iB^Ie Volunteer Cqrpj may purchase or acquire* , tjy such Grants as are herein- Power for ^ym^ntioned jihy tandl; for Rifle Practice, qnd; for jthe Erection o^Buttaaod o^er

!pse; of the; Corps ^b^ ffactising witJr Eide^v sqbjeijt. to the r? Kestj^QUOn* r .i(r y jy .|i '; ! > I. '4., ..... , /, i .; J. r| , />

, the .Assent of tjer Majesty's Pn^pal ^ecrelary .St»tfi. £or)£e War'pop^ment '; i) jforjniqTune 1)qing^., herein-after qql}e$' the said | Principal, aecpefyiy, shall ho ob^iped -ri<lJ, tp, the Eurchqse of wy Lapid undqp; thq Rowers('<91 . jtljufj/-Act^or , (jjrar$ of

, (l-[apy Eana bj' any Person or Body of Persons*iq.pursuance of the Powers hereinafter

Jjlilj fB'Tftt)'* ' *!:.'*:./*- " .* .'h*; i:o Ik>-U ^-lih-vi io

E&ftdfl acquired by V^nteer uitdfer ^nddPr^visions Vesting of

shall vfeet in tb^Gteimaiutesg Officer j of th^Cctf^ fori the Time1 beings apdihis Lands acquired itl^Office, With Power for-bieh Officer knd bi^ Sucbessor6 t<f sUeandiuod^ to by e orps* Mfl^e^Ooiit^ta^Addd^ do^th^-^hing^* relating to1 siteh Lam/ tinder the official ^ome of ^dofiimdilditig Officer-for the Tirue beluga^of the Cor^sto which he bdlonge^ i! «.v

lllllyv/l oii.r \>. i . / .; : .inil / 1 L j: V' Uu-.ru-'Jf > i 1 i: t *; .ir\v< -. 1i, n.

Assent of Secretary for Wkri'^ ' ^: - Y

Awpn^* o)E of Mode of ob-

eijg^y ^ii; ect^-cjp^cjp^ng, th, e yLtuid iitteqdefl tp, 90, purch^p^ W$ a(J(Kng su(i, ^wtipu1a^ for War. as to the Circtimstances of the Corps, and as to th^ T^pjouift of Pyrpqa^ .Mpn/eyp and ^s to other Matters as he may require.

mUferSAwwIX; t. ©png'!hjs Aaseni.rtTie- q^d .Jwotfift'JsLnfa^ .'Wl*&fK, /p

VWMW9^fii\£mjfc .the, Purpose of

i^, hfi cpnvqrfed lUto a Eifle P^ctice Ground witih .dqe E«gF4 , tP «te, 9«tfejyi qud. Cfonvq- H wwce.of.thfcp.qhhc. v, , .V ,; i | niu^j_

U^oh the; R^ceipt o^ the ltep^ort of the iiispeOto ^, thp Said' lM^i^ Sechita/y Power of Se-may give or withhold his Assent, either with or without MddifidaWclhi'Wrid nitty to

such Assent, if given, any Conditions or Regulations he thinks fit, and the Decision of the hoS^Ment. said Principal Secretary shall in all Cases be conclusive.

Incorporation of Acts.

IX. For the Purpose of facilitating the Purchase of Lands in pursuance of the Powers 8 & 9 Vict. given by this Act, "The Lands £Ji)?s*s Cpn#lid*tion Act, 1845," and "The Lands cc. is. and io.t Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845," shall be incorporated with this Act, with incorporat

the PtirP^a^of -LAbde btliWsvleef Wahf

dJ«&j :>'jit-jji-; *! ohifl

(J X^idniilhrf Cod^tim6ticov cif tAiii Act and the Isaipdhinncar^or^ted Acits^ Aii/Aitf l^ftl be Construction jdbenicfclbtOibe* the SpIciaLiActl; »ttdl thet RifleVoltateer iCofps dranoufe oPiiJurcnasirrg of Acuhereby nEnti BWall theiideWDcd l<»: be 'tW Prttaotem ^>f'ithel Undortldc:ulg; iiaiid Iuade9ri the jTejrlu , ncorPorat

Jnninlqr* " Land, "

628

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 140.

" Land," a permanent - Right of Shooting and Drilling or any other Easement in Land shall be held to be included, and may be alone conveyed while the Fee Simple or other Interest in such Lands may be reserved.

Grants to Rifle Corps.

seised in Fee Simple, Fee Tail, or for Life of any Manor or Lands of, or Customary Tenure, and having the beneficial Interest therein, be used as VI 111 «w*" the Proprietor in Fee Simple or under Entail, and in possession for the

Rifle Ground. Time being, may grant, convey, or enfranchise by way of Gift in Fee Simple or for a Term of Years any Quantity not exceeding Four Acres of such Land, or any limited Right as aforesaid over Land to any Extent exceeding Twenty Acres, to any Rifle Volunteer Corps: Provided always, that no such Grant, Conveyance, or Enfranchisement made by any Person seised only for Life of any such Manor or Lands shall be valid unless the Person next entitled in Remainder, in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail (if legally competent) is a Party to and join in such Grant: Provided also, that upon its being proved in manner herein-after mentioned that any Land granted, conveyed, or enfranchised as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, has ceased to be used for the Purposes of this Act, the same shall thereupon immediately revert to and become a Portion of the Estate of which it formed a Part before the Grant was made.

Landlords em- XI. Any Person

powered to con- Freehold, Copyhold

* ey Lands to _ ____» __

Power to grant Right of mooting in Royal Parks, &c.

Power for Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, &c. to grant Lands.

Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster empowered to grant Lands to Rifle Corps.

Officers of the Duchy of Cornwall empowered upon sufficient Authority to grant Lends to Rifle Corps.

XII. The Chief Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being may grant to any Rifle Volunteer Corps the Right to use for the Purposes of this Act any Portion of such Royal Parks, Gardens, and Possessions as are under his Management, upon such Terms, for such Time, not exceeding Twenty-one Years, and subject to such other Conditions as he thinks fit; provided always, that any such Grant shall be at all Times revocable by the Crown.

XIII. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, or either of them, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, may, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, grant any Licence for the Use, during any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, of any Part of the Possessions or Land Revenues of the Crown under their Management, not exceeding Four Acres, to any Rifle Volunteer Corps, for the Purposes of this Act, upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Commissioners or Commissioner may seem meet, and subject to this Proviso, that in the event of its being proved as herein-after mentioned that the Land in respect of which any such Licence has been so granted as aforesaid, or any Part thereof has ceased to be used for the Purposes of this Act, such Licence shall thereupon cease and determine; and any Licence to be so granted may be renewed from Time to Time.

XIV. The Chancellor and Council of Her Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being may, by any Deed under the Hand and Seal of the Chancellor of the said Duchy for the Time being, attested by the Clerk of the Council of the said Duchy for the Time being, for and in the Name of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, grant any Licence for the Use during any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years to any Rifle Volunteer Corps to be used by them for the Purposes of this Act, of any Lands forming Part of the Possessions of the said Duchy, not exceeding in the whole Four Acres, upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Chancellor and Council seem meet, subject to this Proviso, that, in the event of its being proved in manner herein-after mentioned that the Land in respect of which any Licence has been so granted, or any Part thereof, has ceased to be used for the Purposes of this Act, such Licence shall thereupon cease and determine 3 and any Licence so granted as aforesaid may be renewed from Time to Time.

XV. Any Two or more of the principal Officers of the Duchy of Cornwall may, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, under the Authority of a Warrant issued for that Purpose under the Hands of any Three or more of the Special Commissioners for the Time being for managing the Affairs of the Duchy of Cornwall, or under the Hands of any Three or more of the Persons who may hereafter for the Time being have the immediate Management of the said Duchy, if the said Duchy is then vested

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 140. 629

in the Crown, or if the said Duchy is vested in a Duke of Cornwall, then under the Privy Seal of such Duke of Cornwall, or under the Hands of any Three or more of the Persons for the Time being having the immediate Management of the said Duchy, by Deed under the Privy Seal of such Duke, grant any Licence for the Use during any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years to any Rifle Volunteer Corps, to be used by them for the Purposes of this Act, of any Lands forming Part of the Possessions of the said Duchy of Cornwall, not exceeding on the whole Four Acres, upon such Terms and Conditions as to the said Special Commissioners, or to the said Duke, or such other Persons as aforesaid seem meet, subject to this Proviso, that in the event of its being proved in manner herein-after mentioned that the Land in respect of which any Licence has been so granted, or any Part thereof, has ceased to be used for the Purposes of this Act, such Licence shall thereupon cease and determine; and any Licence to be so granted as aforesaid may be renewed from Time to Time.

XVI. Any Corporation, Ecclesiastical or Lay, Sole or Aggregate, any Officer, Justices of the Peace, Trustees, or Commissioners holding Land for public, ecclesiastical, or parochial Purposes, may grant any such Licence for the Use, during any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to any Rifle Volunteer Corps, to be used by them for the Purposes of this Act, of any Quantity of Land not exceeding Four Acres, that may be vested in such Corporation, Officers, Justices, Trustees, or Commissioners, subject to the following Provisions:

(1.) That no Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole below the Dignity of a Bishop shall make such Grant without the Consent, in Writing, of the Bishop of the Diocese to whose Jurisdiction he is subject, and of the Patron of the Preferment to which the Land belongs or the Guardians or Trustees of such Patron:

(2.) That no Parochial Property shall be granted for such Purposes without the Consent of the Majority of the Ratepayers and Owners of Property in the Parish to which the same belongs, assembled at a Meeting to be convened according to the Mode pointed out by the Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to facilitate the Conveyance of Work-houses and other Property of Parishes, and of Incorporations or Unions of Parishes, in England and Wales, nor without the Consent of the Poor Law Commissioners, to be testified by their Seal being affixed to the Deed of Conveyance, and of the Guardians of the Poor of the Union within which the said Parish may be comprised, or of the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish where the Administration of the Relief of the Poor therein shall be subject to a Board of Guardians, testified by such Guardians being the Parties to convey the same:

(3.) That where any Officers, Trustees, or Commissioners other than Parochial Trustees make any such Grant it shall be sufficient if a Majority or Quorum authorized to act of such Officers, Trustees, or Commissioners assembled at a Meeting duly convened, assent to such Grant and execute the Deed of Conveyance, although they do not constitute a Majority of the actual Body of such Officers, Trustees, or Commissioners:

(4.) That the Justices of the Peace may give their Consent to the making any Grant of Land or Premises belonging to any County, Riding, or Division by Vote at their General Quarter Sessions, and may direct the same to be made in the Manner directed to be pursued on the Sale of the Sites of Gaols by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Fourth, intituled An Act to authorize the Disposal of unnecessary Prisons in England:

(5.) That, in the event of its being proved in manner herein-after mentioned that any Land granted under this Section, or any Part thereof, has ceased to be used for the Purposes of this Act, it shall thereupon revert and belong to the Person or Body of Persons to whom it belonged previously to the Grant being made.

Corporationi, Justices, Trustees, &c. empowered to convey Lands for the Purposes of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

XVII. Where any Footpath crosses any Lands purchased or acquired for the Purposes Power to stop of this Act, such Footpath may, with the Consent of the Vestry of the Parish in which the FootP*tl18' same is situate, and upon the Certificate of Two Justices that the Footpath to be substituted

18

Power of Se *

23°% i'24° VfiWGJRii, ta«; aai.

is convenient for the Public, be sto^el^/uto orjdifert^d: All Proceedings to obtain such Certificate. and to s|op up or divert such Footpath, shall be taken in the same Manner in y^i'ch^Proceedings arc OTettttf to be tiikeh oy the Act jtessfed!ih the Session bokfeh Fifuv and Sixth Yfeaft^oif His late Majesty King William the Fourth Chapter Fifty' im Qades whqre. a; [Party . other thau theylub^bi^nts - ia Vestry is . desirous fii atc^ping diverting* or timing, a Highway *, or as near* thereto as Circumstances'^ a^ipijt; yith Ejtoeptioo* that the Certificate:, of. the.ifu^tice^; shall' '^e rconclusive in. Cases where it r the Fact ofttheir haying viewed tlxe Footpath to be ptopped ujyor $verl(e$.^najttatlfli proposed ww Footpath is ponvepiep, t, fprHtJieTPubl}c; . > *(, f, ^.ti ' r,; nf jr^no)

XVItl^the said ^i*incipaP Secretary, WTfch a view to the Service^'Safety, rT and Odrt-

Cesser of Land to be used for Purposes of Act.

J:»f7 > I

f this Act shall be deetaod /to have erased to be used for the iPurpqsep thereof where na such Use by thJe Corps tq which the, ^ame was granted taken place for a terjod of Ope Year, tod n Certificate shall b»ve:beep given , l»jr tjx^aid .PMci^, S, ee^ejt£u-y of the, olT e^h Noiwusefr i. , at?U, be, copclu^ive ^yj^pcejpf, a ^, j^l

Persona tod in .Qowflts, of iJuatifte,

t ''I. i i!: > i> /.

- I - r.

J r- ij

tr

it

ti

l t

Act to amend an' Act passed in the Thirteenth Year 6f rief MajestV ^, *td strajp Party Procession^ in Ireland.

[28th August 1860!]

» J.

G Ail\ OXLL

«m/ 1 -; 'Ti7/ton

?< i J j <v r: »t[y/

tp_»f , n r< , T / ) *?/:. o *

11 T *}

fVUiO

I' 71

11 »'! i

, ![

and with the Advice and Consent of the Cords Spiritual and Xemppyal, apd, this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority, of |the same, api follows, (U!,

Exhibition of I. Any Person who stiajl in ^Irelandwilfully and knowingly do any of the Acta heroin* ^"bited^o a ft or mentioned in such a Manner as may be calculated dr tend to provdke Animosity provoke Ani- between different Classes of Her Majesty's Subjects, and lead td a Breach of the1 jWrblid moti*y, ^>a*i Fcaeer*hill be guilty of a MUdwetoOF* itM is to say, ppblicly exhibitin" or dippla^ifig Misdepwansr, up6fa any Ruildiogor Plaeejjor , the wilfully permitting or spffering to be puMirty e^jbited or displaced upon toy holding !«r Plpee, tw»y fanner, Flavor Party, mb)^iit- W , Synt§ol?, or the publicly meeting and parading, witt other Persons, or th^ playin^bt apjr disohargilBg any Cannon or Fire-arm in any ppWid $tr^t, Road, or Pfacew, , M,

Any Justice ''IL It shall be lawful for tiny Jdstide of the Peace, on Information drily s\+orn before Idib Removal'ofXC 8UC^ Exhibition is likely to lead to a Breach of the Peftce, by Warrant under his1 fiandv

Banners, «t. 1 to authorlte land empoo»el! any Cotnty or Sub-Inspector, Ojf Constabulary, dle^d/pr oflper | OoHStoWeulto lenfcer any-BniWing ©r/Place. npou' p-hicb, any such Banner, .

Edibiem, dr..Symbol shall be exhibited, in tnaaner hereby prohibitied, and to, retnftyf .ftPd detain sboh Banner, Flag, Or Parity Emblem, ior-Symbol; i 7 v j, .

i*t r tV"p ijf 77

Act to continue in force for Fire Yearr,

1 TlLl Provided always/Th^t this JAct sh^ll continue and be in force fdr the Pctied<

Venra Vtpm 'th^ thereof.' ' 1.r ' !'iW

[Junk removed.]

CAP. CXLII.

Act i; o, make letter ^rpyision fer the 1 E^oioii. pt contiguous ItenefifeeS in Cities, niToWttfe, AndfBoroHghs. ? v, ' j/ I: [28ih August 1860.];

4 P*£?T Besid^ce of the Clergy; and in such Act Provision is contained authbrifcing the union by Or<W of Her Majesty in1 Codncil, ('Aftfcr such Inquiry and Notice and with such Consent and upon such Certificate as is therein mentioned, of Two or fchore Benefices* or Qnjfc bn; more'iBeneficeer B&nefices and Pne or tj^ore^SpirHuaJ' /Sipecure Re#ery or 4 iBeetotitetyV$«rag£*>r YitSarageSj in tta 88*)e .Parish. or:4panjtiguoqs, to each other, of'which the aggregate Population should not exceed One thousand/five foupdred. Persons, and the aggregate yearly yalpe should not exceed Five hundred Pounds: And whereas another 41 Act was passed in the Fourteenth Yedr of Her Majesty^ Reign, intituled An Act to^intnd ' ikc .Ldw relating to the holding df Benejicts iii Plurality, by which Act the Provision hereinbefore referredto Wad extended so as to be applicable to and for the Union of Benefices; 4fpineenre Rectories j&nd Vicant^es, ip 'the same Parishes or contiguous to each other, and of Which the1 aggregate PdphlatiOn should nbt exceed One thousand ^Ve hundred Persons, ' 4 notwithstanding the aggregate yearly Value should exceed'Fite hundred Pounds} And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign for making better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices, which Act will expire on the Fourteenth Day of August in the present Year: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Two first-recited Acts, so as to make better Provision for the Union of contiguous Benefices in the Metropolis:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by aid!With the! Advicd and Consent of the Lords Spiritual ami T^pprah andjCpmmons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

I.., After the passing of this Act, Two or more contiguous Benefices within the Metropolis dfefihed!Jt^ah pa^ed in the 'Session of* ParKamentwhkrtr-sjtt'in the^ Nineteenth^ Aid twentieth TCaCS of tJhe Reign Of Her Majesty; intituled An Act for the better L&cal Manage i&Jni'bf'Vhc Afetropdtik, majf 'from/Tittfe td TiinC'be firiifcdi' or a* Benefice or obiitigiKHis Beneflc^anu dhfe or more Spiritual1 Sift&fureRcIctory Or ReetorJe ^, Vicarage or' Vicarages* contiguous to such Bfenefice or Benefices; and situate irttbe Metropolis, mayUcctm Those tb 'Eitae be iinitedlwHbout regmr^ ip, wy aggregate population of agg^c^.ate yearly

Valweiftbd witMiJ: Jpr^\\6ntfiffld£vcf:y.gpfli 8w\ P£ effected in

thOiM|aQJi«r proved, {/ i, >,] /

r'lh' 4Cshall throughout this Act (unless there shall

Be sottejfiing iii the Content repugnant tb SueH (Construction) mean btfoh^tn Urribnr of Two dr khOr^cohtlguoiiy feerieflde^ Vithone another, or SnCh hri Unfa* etf a Benefice or Benefices With a 'Spiritual Smeeure Rebtot-y or Spiritual1 Sinecure Rectories, Vicarage or Vicarages, as is specified in the preceding Section of this Act; am! the 'Expressions* waited Parish" ahsU weanl tjfee Parishes which M pqj^eqi^p^e f of jap ^nipp of, Bpne^ce? shall have peejopae uhitad forEoctesiastiwl/Purpose^.i^r, , tt i, f, , : (r,

1"ilL^Whfeh^ the Bishop of the Biobeseof London dr of Wrmhe$ter\

a&rthe C&so inky he, 'Jihhl? aii' UttipriJ of Benefices tniiy^with Advantage to the lutetesta^ of Rbligldfi fbd efflfectOd Withili^WislDl6ei ^, 'heTmia^ ttiuse a Commi^gidn to be igstied uiidCT hit Hand and Seal, addressed to Five PkrSee8, "tenominated as after mentioned, abthorixiDg itp ipquirp, int^ ai^d ^ppprt upon the /Expediency of the proposed tfakm, and such Commissioners shall and may inquire into all such, Matters in any wise affecting such Union or connected therewith as they may deem necessary, and thd Commissioners shall make their Return to the Commission within Six Calendar Months from the issuing of the Commission, or within such enlarged Time as the Bishop shall, by Writing under his Hand, from Time to Time direct, and Notice of the issuing of a Commission shall be sent by the Bishop to the Vestry Clerk of each Parish proposed to be united, and Notice thereof shall be published by such Vestry Clerk by affixing it upon the Door of the Parish Church.

23 & 24 Vict. 4 L IV. Three

1 & 2 Vict. c, 106.

13 & H Vict. c. 98.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 127.

Contiguous Beaemaq within the, Metropolis as defined by 18 & 19 Vict. c. 120. may be united.

Interpretation of Terms.

Power to, Bishops of London or Winchester to issue Commissions.

m

Commission how to be nominated.

The Number to constitute a Quorum, their Powers, and the Return to the Commission.

Disqualification of Commissioners, and the issuing a fresh Commission.

Bishop to prepare and transmit Proposals for a Scheme to Churchwardens and Vestry.

Vestry to notify Assent or Objections and Bishop to transmit final Proposals to Ecclesiastical Commissioners, to prepare Scheme, and certify same to the Queen in Council.

23'' & 24° VICTORIA, c. 142.

IV. Three of the Commissioners shall be beneficed Clergymen residing within the Diocese, of whom One shall be nominated by the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, and Two by the Bishop of the Diocese, and the remaining Two shall be Lay Members of the Church of England, and shall be nominated to the Bishop by the Corporation of the City of London; and no Commissioner shall be entitled to claim or shall receive any Salary or Payment for performing the Duties imposed on him as such Commissioner.

V. Three of the Commissioners, of whom One shall be a Lay Commissioner, shall constitute a Quorum; and the Commissioners shall have Power at their Discretion to call for the Production before them of any Documents not affecting private Interests which they may deem necessary for the Purposes of the Commission, and the Persons having the Care or Custody of such Documents shall be bound to produce them to the Commissioners upon the Requisition in Writing of any Two Commissioners; and the Commissioners may examine on Oath all Persons desirous or willing to be examined by them touching any Matter relating to the Object of the Commission, and may administer the Oaths necessary for that Purpose, and the Churchwardens of the Parishes proposed to be united shall have Notice of the Sittings of such Commission, and shall be entitled, with their Vestry Clerk, to attend thereat; and the Commissioners shall in their Return to the Commission certify all such Matters and Things as shall appear to them material, together with their Opinion as to the Expediency or otherwise of the proposed Union, and if they, or any Three of them competent to constitute a Quorum, shall deem the Union expedient, shall recommend the Terms on which in their Opinion the same ought to be effected

VI. If before the Return to the Commission any Commissioner shall die, or become incapable of acting by Removal from the Diocese or otherwise, the Commission shall continue in full Force, unless there shall not be sufficient Commissioners remaining to constitute a Quorum; and notwithstanding the Death or Disqualification of any One or more of the Commissioners the qualified Commissioners for the Time being shall continue to exercise the Powers given to the Commissioners by this Act until such Vacancy or Vacancies shall have been filled up, but if there shall not be a sufficient Quorum, the Bishop may, either before or after the Time limited for the Return to the Commission, issue a fresh Commission under the Provisions of this Act in lieu of the original Commission, and the Comtnissioiiefs under such substituted Commission shall have all the Powers of the original CommissioB, and may adopt the Evidence taken under it.

VII. If the Return to the Commission shall recommend an Union, the Bishop shall cause Proposals for a Scheme, based upon the Terms recommended, to be prepared for effecting the Union, which Proposals, with the Consent thereto in Writing of the Patron or Patrons of each of the Benefices affected, shall be transmitted by the Bishop to the Churchwardens of each Parish proposed to be united, in order that the same may be considered by the Inhabitants in Vestry assembled; and all such Proposals shall have especial Regard to the Residence of the Incumbent on the Benefice proposed to be constituted the united Benefice, and shall contain all necessary Provisions conducing to such Residence.

VIII. The Vestry of each Parish shall, by the Vestry Clerk or other Officer, notify to the Bishop, within Two Calendar Months after the Receipt of the Proposals, their Assent or their Objections to or any Suggestions for the Modification of the same, and the Bishop shall give full Consideration to every such Notification of Vestry, and shall make such Alterations in the Proposals as he may think right; and the Bishop shall cause such Proposals, as finally approved by him and assented to by the Patrons, and by the Vestries of the Parishes to be affected thereby, to be transmitted to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, who shall thereupon cause to be prepared a Scheme for carrying out the proposed Union, which Scheme may, with the Assent of the Bishop and Patrons, and the Vestries of the Parishes to be affected thereby, embody any Modifications of the Proposals, and shall send Drafts of such proposed Scheme to the Churchwardens of the Parishes to be respectively affected by the Scheme, with Notice that they or any of them may, within Two Calendar Months, show Cause to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners against the proposed Union or any Part or Parts of the Scheme relating thereto, and if within such Period of

Two

23'' & 24° VICTORIA, o: 142. «33

Two Calendar Months no Cause be shown, the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall certify the Scheme, and the Consent thereto in Writing of the Bishop and of the Patron, and of the Vestries of the Parishes to be affected thereby, to Her Majesty in Council, and thereupon it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council to make and issue'any Order or Orders for effecting the Union, and for uniting the Parishes of the united Benefices into One Parish for Ecclesiastical Purposes, and for such other Purposes as are herein provided:

Provided always, that if any Petition or Statement is lodged by way of Protest, or any Appeal is made against the Scheme or any Part thereof, as herein-after is provided, no such Order or Orders in Council shall be made or issued until such Petition or Statement has been duly considered, or the Parties to such Appeal have been duly heard,

IX. It shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to insert in any Scheme to What the Combe prepared by them all proper Directions for the Appointment of the First Incumbent of the united Benefice, and for regulating the Course and Succession in which the Patrons, if scheme, there be more than One Patron, shall present or nominate to such united Benefice from Time to Time as the same shall become vacant, and they shall have Power to insert in any Scheme all such Provisions in addition to those hereby expressly authorized as may in their Opinion be necessary for effectually carrying out the particular Measures proposed by the Scheme, including any Provisions which may be found necessary for the Compensation of any of the Incumbents of the Benefices to be united who may be willing to retire therefrom; and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall and may, for the Purposes of this Act, exercise all Powers and Privileges now or for the Time being exerciseable by them under the Acts of Parliament relating to their Commission, or under the Church Building Acts, particularly as regards the Purchase of Sites and the Erection of Churchea

X, Whenever it shall be deemed expedient to unite Part only of a Benefice with some p&rtofaBen*-other contiguous Benefice or Benefices, any Portion of a Benefice or Benefices, or any Por- united tion of Two or more Benefices, which shall have been united under the Provisions of this *^4*^ or of any other Act, or in any other Manner, and either prior to or subsequently to the and included passing of this Act, may in the Manner prescribed by this Act be severed from the remain- Scheme, ing Portion, and thereupon such a Portion of the Parish or united Parishes to which the

Benefice shall belong as shall be determined by the Scheme effecting the Severance shall become disunited for Ecclesiastical Purposes; and the Portion of Benefice and Parish so severed shall, for the Purposes of an Union of Benefices under this Act, be deemed to be a separate Benefice and Parish respectively, and may by the same Scheme and Order in Council under which such Severance shall be effected, or by any supplemental Scheme, be united to any other contiguous Benefice or Benefices; and in such original or supplemental Scheme Provisions may be inserted for annexing to the severed Portion a Proportion of the Beal and Personal Property of the Parish or united Parishes from which such Severance shall have been made, and for the dealing with and Application of the Property (if any) to be so annexed, and for defining and determining the Bights of the Parishioners of the severed Portion in regard to the joint Vestry of the newly united Parish with which the severed Portion shall be incorporated, and as to the Manner of exercising such Bights, and all such other Provisions as may seem to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners necessary or expedient in lieu of any Provisions contained in this Act not applicable to an united Benefice or Parish of which a severed Portion of a Benefice or Parish shall constitute Part, and after the Severance the remaining Portion of the Benefice or Parish from which the Severance shall have been made shall continue One Benefice or Parish or united Benefice or Parish, and shall not be otherwise affected by such Severance; and whenever in this Act the Consent of the Patron of a Benefice shall be required for carrying the same into effect, the Patron whose Consent shall be requisite in the Case of any such severed Portion shall be the Patron of the Benefice or united Benefice from which such Severance shall be intended.

XI. Whenever it shall appear to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners that the total Revenue Surplus Re-of any Benefices proposed to be united would be more than sufficient for the due Maintenance and Support of the Incumbent of the Benefice proposed to be constituted an united Benefice, be annexed[I. and of such Assistant Curate or Curates as may be needed for the same, and that some specified an Endowment

4 L 2 Part "V

m

Benefice-in the Metropolis or its Vicinity.

Patronage of Benefices may be exchanged for facilitating Unions.

imu v v-g

.u> c r-.in V

Crders in Council when published in the Gazette and registered

&J &24° VW't'dV^Lir M.

Part osr Pa^ta of the, permanent Endpwmpnts belonging to the Benefices proposed to be unitjed, qr any of them, might with Advantage to the Interests of Religion be made subject to a certain annual Rentcharge in perpetuity in favour of some other specified Benefice in the Metropolis or in the Vicinity thereof, or might be excepted out of such Union, and transfetred and annexed to such 6ther spfecified Benefice, having no Provision or no competent Provision belonging 'thereto!, as ainEhdOWtaeftt Ot a further Endowment for the same, the Ecblesiastidat CohnriWstoflers, with the Confcent of the Patron or Patrons of the Benefices pfobosed to be irhitbd, and Of the VOstrie^ of the Parishes to be affected thereby, and of the filfenbp of the Diocese withiti which such Benefices shall he situate, may prepare and submit to'Her Majesty in Council a Scheme for providing such Rentcharge, or for effecting sufch Transfer or Annexation, and thereupon it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council to mate abd isfeue an Order or Orders for giving Effect to the said Scheme of the Commissioners, and in the Scheme there dhfill be inserted all such Powers for recovering the Rentcharge (if any) by Distress upon or Perception of the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be charged therewith or otherwise, and for the immediate or prospective Apportionment of such Rentcharge or otherwise^ in relation thereto, aa to the Ecclesiastical Commissioner* shall seem reasonable and propbr j and upon the Order ot Orders directing such Provision, Transfer, or Abnegation coming into operation the Rentcharge or oftier permanent Endowments to be provided, ti^ahsferred, annexed'shall, without any further Deed, Transfer, or other Assur-

ance, become amd be for ever annexed' to such Benefice, and the same and all Powers for recovering the Rentcharge (if'any), or relating thereto, shall be vested in and held and enjoyed abd be efcerciseable by tihe IncumbeAt thereof for the Time being as the Endowment Or a Part of the Endowment thereof, subject and without Prejudice nevertheless to all Leases, Grants; Renti, Charges, hnd Incumbrances existing at the Time of such Provision, r^r%nsferi/an^ Anpexatwn, legally affecting Xfye j&ame, but the Ecclesiastical Commissioners .may, }a thpjp app^ppriat.e any Pprf not exceeding One equal Fifth Part of the annual Income arising from any such Endowment during the whole or any Part of the first Five Years next after the Scheme shall come into operation as a Fund in augmentation of the FuAd hereinafter jrtovided for the Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of currying tbfc Provisions of this Act into effect i Provided that the Amount of such lte&t* chatge leviable under sAch Scheme in any Parish proposed1 to be United, and hot ibAhlde&'M the Blc^venth Chapter of the Statute of the Twenty-second Year of the \Rteigri'bPSCiAg Charles the Seoonfd, shall bet exceed the average annuel Amount levied ahd' paid' ito tfrt Incumbent of stieh Parish in the Seven Years immediately preceding the' passingOf1'thw 'Act. *- ':- '' -:5 *'"* m J

Xlt. If for the Purpose of more conveniently carrying the Provisions of this Act execution it shall appear to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to be desirable, in any. Vy a proposed Union of Benefices, that an Exchange should be made of the Patronage of. yjl or Any of the Benefices proposed to be united for the Patronage of any o^ier Penefic^| an

Exchange may (with ° — "-'L -r *u" 1J> — ---- A — 1 — -tl

Exchange sr be made by any other Corporation or Person, of the Patronage or any Rights of Presentation to' any {Ben4fi^ whether the Whole Patronage of such Benefice bet vested m ane' PfeiAAif or Corporation or in different Persons or Corporations by way of ahe^nUte Frosentatiein hr otherwise; and every each Exchange shall be effected by the ^Scheme; ibb theproposbfl Unioaiof Beaeficea; and after such.Exchange the Patronage-takert by cadi Pai^Tby wi^ K>f Exchange!shall be discharged from all prior Title rekriiig thereto; and the Titlet^rihfc Patronage given, by each PArty bywayof Exchange shall shaft and attach to theiPatrain's given to such Party, which shall become subject to thenKtme Uaea/truste, Powers/Limrtatioa^ *and; Provision* in every res^eet ae the Patronage so given would have beeK Buhjoot Jo^if ouch Exchange had not been made. r -: > A- $ih

XUl The Order or Orders, in Council affirming> any Scheme or dh-ecting any SeVeranPe, pr A.nnexation shall, as soon as maybe after the making thereofby Her ih Council; bp inserted and published in the l^ondoi} Gazette, and shan ne register^ip^jje Registry of the Diocese, and the Registrar of the Diocese is hereby requireJ to make such

Registry,

eat

feoAtki tiled.'1

Xv.AffJ?.S«b«n» njsvy, (bnt, 3pb>e«?t to'Objectionaod Protest as after mentioned, ^nd ^jft^.to.itpe Ro^tioas herein contained,) provide! for the Erection of any peyv Church ^or, ^39negp iftouse, for the paling down, or Removjal of, any existing.Chjurch, except ap J^foj-)$er., provided, or Parsonage House, of any Benefices proposed , to be united, and fof jtbpi^pproptietiop, or-Sale, of the, Materials, and Sifo of the sama respectively, i apd of! the ^joundanpe^ed thereto and noqe^ry for foe Use and Enjoyment thereof, for the Appropriation of $py Pfofo or | other Purniture i held ip, trust for .any Choreh to bp pulled doiyp, Efisp^al of any Organ in; , such Chinch, for the Transfer of any, Lectureships ^attached to spch Church, but not 80 as to, affect the Eight of Appointment to any Eecture-foip, w for, $a|e. oripixohange of npy Parsonage or Glebe- Houses, or Buildings, or the Sites t%reof, vrith, their, Appurtenances, for Compensation , to Parish Clerks or other Officers, or jfor Arrangement with respect to pees or, Vestry Booms; but the, Font, Qoromunion Table, .ppd Plateruaed for. the Purposes, of the; Holy Communion shall not, be epld, but shall be Jjra^fer^eq, fo t, bel Church of the United Beieficp* or if snob Pont, Communion Table, f^d PHfo bp.jipt needed far; 8iqch Church, then to, any, other Church, or, Chapel, or Churches of iwpthin , the, Diocese which the Bishop mays seiept ? Provided always, that nothing pn; tW, jAct coutoiued shall authorize thepulling, down foe Churches of Saint Stephen's jVqJptpak, fiqpnt Martin, Ludyaifi. Saint Peter |and Saint Sjpithip Cannon, Street;

(provided also*. that the Bqhqme. for; thq Removal of any Church pr Parsonage .shall provide j^fo^ pjrection. of another .Church or Parsonage, within foe Limits of foe. Metropolis .:;

?*{-.xy-. Prt>v?ded dl Ways, That no snCb Scheme shall be submitted to: Her Majesty in tdAufafci!'uAtii it; has been laid before both Housies of Parliament for foe Space of Two «tfiendaiJMonths ' " --:i- V ' 1; ' ' *' '

i ci c» i *111 - *: f (. 11 i; i -1. f i v; ' >'' - 1 > T '1 11 " i "* -; -. - . k

Iq XYX, A&J Person mt*rested> who may have ^howji .Cause to the Ecclesiastical CoAunUh sjpnffs, .against t^e p^o^ed Union of any Benefices^oq against subjecting tim Endowments pr Revenues .thereof* or; any Bart of them , : to $ny ReotcWg^ ojf Transfer, or Annexation, 4$ri>gah)8any Part or Pturta of any Scheme certified by them to Her Majesty in Council* Wy« ty JW^eejty m Council; pgaia^t .such Scheme or; any Part, thereof in* the usual otm^y, at Ws, Option state in (Writing by w ay of Protest his Objections *o such Union or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Ecclesiastical Commissioners shall annex such written, Statement or Protest to their Certificate to the Queen in Council^and Her Majesty Council may order and direct that such (Objections shall fie considered by the Judicial vomfofttee of the iPrivy Council, and the said . Judicial Committee shall make report to JEjer Majesty in 'Council thereupon, and may propose to tier Majesty in Uouncil tp affirm^ vary, ^dismiss the Scheme certified, by the Commissioners, or to return the samp to the said Uommissioners for Alteration or Amepdment^ and Her Majesty in Council may affirm, vary, for dismiss the Scheme accordingly, or return the .same to the Commissioners to* be recon-sM6red ai to any Parts thereof i > r, } ,

in XVII.I Nothing ihthis Act contained shftH legaliae the Sale of Letting dr Appropriation of hbc; Site of *ny Church unless with the Consents in Writing of the Archbishop of thte PfOvin ^, the Bishop 6f^ the Diocese, the Arohddacon, ohd the Secretary Of State for the Hotne DepaHmSent, and the Site shall be dealt with subject to such Directions^atod Restric-4ibne astoithe Removal t of the Remains of Persons deposited uaderthe CHuroh to he gulled 4owm> and as to; the not disturbing and finally closing such^'VaultsorGraves, oeto^dndh jMeretaryicf State rfiaU seem meet; but nothing ih this Act demtaihed shafl; iegalinc the Bale DrLettipg of any Churchyard or Burial Ground^ and no Sale or Letting shall be makld of the Site of any Church wherein any Bodies are known to be interred until after the Rdmaitts of the Persons deposited under such Church, shall have bpen properly removed pt tlm Uost c^OSiastical Commissioners, to be paid out of the Pupd hereia-aftpr provid^d^ into &!priy, &nsecrated Churchyard or Bprial Ground, or \o such Portion..of tho'y^ul.^.(ofitnp i^(be^j)ai^t^ and(^et }ppart for a: jSgrl^jPlacejJ

to have Force

oCIafi i!*!'. 'H

in -v j, itol/

t fj. -r / »n

Scheme may provide for Erection of new Church or Parsonage, Removal of old Church or Parsonage, Sale of Site, &c.

Schemes to be laid before Parliament before being submitted to Her Majesty. Judicial Committee to consider Protest against Scheme.

i; J(, f'l T*t

.-rrr I

Site of Church pulled down not to be sold or let without certain Consents.

U ('. H ' 'lln J -1- !'. i "t.-'7 .Tt .> I r ? .lit Bn >t-:t3i t'liL

, yi J-r.l)

ffiven

m

After Union of Benefices Parishes to become united for Ecclesiastical Purposes, and Scheme to determine -which Church to be Parish Church.

Bishop may allow additional Church left standing to be used for certain Services.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 142.

given by the Churchwardens, or One of them, to the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any FersonB interred in or under any such Church, where they can be ascertained, of the Intention to remove such Remains; and a Certificate in Writing under the Hand of One of the Churchwardens of the united Parish that such Removal has been duly made, and that such Notice has been given, or that such Heirs, Executors, or Administrators cannot be ascertained, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Provisions of this Act in regard to such Removal having been complied with; and as to any Tablets or Monuments in such Church, the same, if not removed by the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Relatives, or Friends of the Person, or of some or one of the Persons, to whose Memory the same shall have been erected, shall, at the Cost of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, to be paid out of the Fund herein-afterprovided, be carefully removed and fixed in some convenient Part of the Church to be constituted the Church of the united Parishes; but every such Removal of Tablets or Monuments may be made without the Necessity of a Faculty from the Bishop's Court, and shall be free from the Payment of any Fees to the Incumbent of such Church or to any Officer of the same or of the Parish thereof: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Relations, or Friends of any Persons who shall be interred or deposited in or under any such Church, or in any such first-mentioned Churchyard or Burial Ground, under proper Direction, to remove the Remains of such Persons, and also the Tablets or Monuments erected to their Memory, to any Place they may think proper; and the Expenses of such Removal, not exceeding Ten Pounds in each Case, shall be paid by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners out of the said Fund.

XVIII. After an Union of Benefices, the Parishes whereof the Benefices shall be united shall become and continue united, but for Ecclesiastical Purposes only, and in case there shall be only One Church left standing and remaining within such united Parish, such Church shall be the Church of the united Parish, but in case more than One Church shall be left standing then the Scheme shall determine which of the Churches so left standing shall be the Church of the united Parish, and the Vestry Room of the Church so constituted the Parish Church shall be held to be the Vestry Room of the united Parish for the Use of the Parishioners thereof, and also the Vestry Room for secular Purposes for the Parishioners of each of the Parishes forming the united Parish, and for the Care and Preservation of the Deeds, Muniments, and Records belonging to the same, unless otherwise provided by the Scheme.

XIX. In case any Church shall be left standing within the Limits of any united Parish other than the Parish Church, it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese, by an Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, deposited in the Registry of the Diocese, to allow the same to be used for the Performance of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, in the Welsh or Irish or in any Foreign Language, or for the Purposes of a School or Schools in connexion with the said United Church: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Person to officiate in any such Church, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, except with the Licence of the Bishop; and that before the Grant of any Permission by the Bishop for the Use of any such Church for any of the Purposes hereby authorized such Bishop shall require proper Provision to be made for the Repair and Sustentation of the Fabric of the Church so to be used, and for the Preservation and Care of the Monuments and Tablets therein.

Estates of Parishes united to remain distinct as before Union, except as affected by this Act

XX. Notwithstanding any Union of Parishes under this Act, the Parishes to become united shall, as to all Estates and other Property, and all Rates, Taxes, Parochial Rights, and all Privileges, Liberties, and Respects whatsoever, other than such as are affected by this Act, continue and remain distinct, in the same Manner as they were before such Union, and the Parishioners of such Parishes shall continue severally to elect Churchwardens and other Parish Officers for the said Parishes in the same Manner as they could have done before such Union, and the Churchwardens so to be elected in each of the said Parishes shall together be Churchwardens of the Church of the united Parish; and the Vestries of the united Parish shall together form One joint Vestry for all Ecclesiastical Purposes; but whenever a Parish or Parishes shall be represented by a Select Vestry (unless all the

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 142. 687

Parishes to be united shall be so represented), the Persons to form the joint Vestry shall consist of the Select Vestry for the Time being of such Parish or Parishes and of Parishioners, the Number whereof shall be determined by the Scheme of the other Parish or Parishes, and the Mode of electing and maintaining the Representation of the joint Vestry of the Parish or Parishes not represented by a Select Vestry shall be determined by the Scheme; and in the Scheme may be inserted all such other Provisions for the Maintenance and Regulation of the joint Vestry, and for defining the Proportions in which each Parish shall contribute towards the Sustentation of the Fabric of the Church of the united Parish, and for the Maintenance of the Services therein, and for other Ecclesiastical Purposes, as the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, having regard to the Circumstances of each particular Case, may deem necessary.

XXI. No Union of Benefices under the Provisions of this Act shall affect the Estates or Property Property, Donations, Charities, and Benefactions heretofore given to or for the Benefit of belonging to the Parishioners, or any of the Parishioners of any particular Parish, or held upon any parishes how special Trusts, or applicable by Law or Usage for or towards the Maintenance of the Poor, to be applied, but the same shall remain and continue to be applicable to the Purposes to which the same

have or ought to have been heretofore applied, except that where Attendance, or the Performance of Divine Service, or any other Act is required at any Church within the united Parish other than the Parish Church of the united Parish, the Parish Church shall, so far as regards any such Attendance, Performance of Divine Service, or other Act, be deemed to be such other or original Church; and all Property which, if such Union had not been effected, would have been vested in any Incumbent for the Time being of any Benefice proposed to be affected by such Union, either solely, or jointly with the Churchwardens or any other Person or Corporation, upon any special Trusts, the Incumbent for the Time being of the united Benefice shall be substituted for and represent the Incumbent of such separate Parish; and the Trust Property shall vest in Such Incumbent, solely or jointly with such Churchwardens or other Person or Corporation (as the Case may be), and such Incumbent shall have the same Powers as the Incumbent whom he shall represent would have had in regard thereto if such Union of Benefices had not been effected; and if any such Property shall have been vested in a Corporation of which the Incumbent of the separate Parish shall have been a Member, the Corporation shall not be affected by the Union, but the Incumbent for the Time being of the united Benefice shall become a Member of such Corporation in lieu of the Incumbent of the separate Parish.

XXII. All Expenses which shall be incurred by or under the Sanction or Direction and Providing

on behalf of any Bishop or the Ecclesiastical Commissioners in promoting any Union of Ex*"

Benefices, and in otherwise carrying the Provisions of this Act into execution, and of the penses of carry-Scheme under which any Union shall be effected, including all preliminary Expenses so mg Act into incurred, shall be paid by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, out of a Fund to be provided by execution-them, in manner following (that is to say): They shall on the First Sale by them of Property or Materials in pursuance of any Scheme and Order under this Act appropriate the whole or such Portion as they may think sufficient of the Produce of such Sale as a Fund, which shall be applied by them in Payment of the Expenses incurred and to be incurred in relation to all the Proposals and Schemes for the Union of Benefices, and the same Fund shall from Time to Time be augmented by the Baid Commissioners from the Produce of similar Sales of Property as there may be occasion; and out of the Fund so to be created the said Commissioners shall defray all the Expenses incurred in relation or incidental to any Commission to be issued under this Act having reference to any Union or proposed Union of Benefices, and to all Inquiries, Proposals, and Schemes which shall be made and prepared in consequence of any such Commission (including all preliminary Costs and Expenses, whether incurred prior or subsequently to the Creation of such Fund), and whether such Inquiries, Proposals, and Schemes shall result in an Order in Council or not, and after providing a sufficient Fund for the Payment of all such Expenses, and after providing and appropriating a Portion of such Fund sufficient in the Opinion of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to meet the probable preliminary Expenses of any future Commission to be issued under this Act, having reference to the Union of Benefices, the Surplus of the

Monies

Ak

, ?3° & 34° VICTORIA^, p. 142.

Monies so set apart shall be applied by them, with the Consent in Writ for the Benefit of any Benefice or Benefices in the Metropolis, to whose 1 Commissioners may, with such Consent, think fit to apply the same.,

of the Bishop, enefrt ilie Sud

Scheme to be

XXIII. After any Scheme for an Union of Benefices or any supplemental Scheme shall have been sanctioned by an Order in Council, such Scheme shall be valid and of fall Foice fonnalUte^or an^ Effect, notwithstanding any previous Non-compliance with any of the Requirements of Omissions. - this Act, and notwithstanding any Omission in regard thereto or Non-observance "thereof, and notwithstanding any Variation between such Scheme and the Proposals originating the same. ' r.

As to Consents

XXIV, In order to give Validity to any such Scheme or supplemental Schen&e, the V&trtes'to* C'ongeDt Vestry of any Parish shall be signified in Writing under the Hand of the

Schemes. Chairman of such Vestry, stating that in a Vestry duly convened for the Purpose of giving such Consent a Resolution for giving such Consent had been duly carried; and whenever under the Provisions of this Act the Consent of the Patron of any Benefice is made necessary to any Proposals, Scheme, or Union, or to any Exchange of Patronage or other Act, the Consent of the Person or Persons or Corporation who in case such Benefice were vacant would be entitled to present thereto shall be sufficient; but if the Right to present to such Benefice shall be vested in different Persons or Corporations by way of alternate Presentations, the Consent of each other Person or Corporation in whom the expectant alternate Right of Presentation shall for the Time being be vested shall be necessary^ and the Oae hundred and twenty-sixth. One hundred and twenty ^seventh, aw} One hundred and twenty-eighth Clauses of the Act of Parliament of the First and 3ecpnd Victoria, Chapter One htibdVed and six, as regards the Consent of Patrons to the Exercise of tpe Powers given by that Act, shall be applicable to the Consent of Patrons, under this A<?t, fn the same Manner as if the same Clauses were here repeated and made appffc^hle rthereto; and if in any- Case it shall* iti the Opinion the Ecclesiastical Commissioners J>e dpimtxpl what Person ought to consent is or on behalf of the Patron of any such Beneficp uhdeijme Provisions of this Act, it shall be laWfhl For the Ecclesiastical ^ommissionerMo^ep^fy ^he Person or Corporation by whom such Consent ought to be given, and the Consent of the Person w Corporation3so specified shall be sufficient for all the Purposes of this Act*, -

Supplemental XXV. Her M<\jeaty:in Council may, at any Time after the issuing of any prde^ ' jfor ^rsmay the Union of Benefices, make a supplemental Order, founded upon any Scheme to tic e* proposed to Her Majesty in Council by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, for ^dm&fying any Defects or for supplying any Omissions \rhich in the Opinion iof the lEcek^iaetichl Commissioners shall appear to exist in the Provisions of the Order or Qrdfers effeotingbany ' such Union, and for making any Corrections and Alterations in relation thereto which tafty be found necessary, and every such supplemental Order {shall have the some 'Foree and Effect as if it had formed Part of the original Order made amdepr the Provisions bf this Act, but the same Consents shall be necessary to such proposed supplemental Schemes would under the Provisions of this Act have been necessary to such supplemental Schetie if the same had been an original Scheme.

Bishop may XXVI. In the Case of endowed Lectureships, when the Lectures have been cusfor^iily prepare preached in a Church which may be taken down, or which may cease to be a Parish Cjtimwt Lectmes^iu- under the Provisions of this Act* such Lectures shall be preached in the Chtircl^hw^ tomarily shall hove been or may be selected as the Church of thie Parish , >f whvpK tap. Ppui^L^iy preached in ihave been taken down, or the Bishop of the Diocese for the Time being may^ in; bepS^*0 alW)id Difficulties, preparte'from to* Time tinder his Hand, p, 'Schemepr

down. transferring such Lectures to Other Chtirches, to be preached therein at such Times as to

the said U'fhop may appear convenient, but not so as to affect the Right 61 or

nominating any Lecturer, and such Scheme shall be submitted by the said Bishop tcJthe

y; Chanty Commissioners, under the "Charitable; Trusts Act* 1853, '' and soeH Sc&nib^if approved of by tfiem* apd by the Vestries of the Parishes affected thereby, 'or" subject #) such Alterations therein as may appear to the said Commissioners advisable, and as shill & approved of by the sqid Bishop, and by the Vestries of the Parishes affected

{Tate&ktik

it1

asseri^ed to in Writing by the Incumbent of therChii»ch to irhJcH it hiay* be ^rOpid?^if to transfer the Lectures, shall be valid for effecting the Purposes therein mentioned, nrtdsHall be registered in the Registry of the Diocese; but nothing in this Act contained <sbay give the Bishop any Power to license a Lecturer without the Consent of the Incumbent of the Chliroh in which such Lecteer is to officiate* -

XXVII! if any Commissioners appointed under, this Act shall report that it is not expedient t; 0 carry any proposed Union into effect, hut that it'would bet expedient to afford improved Accommodation in One or more of the Churches referred to in such Report for casual Residents in the City or Town, and others not being Parishioners, the Bishop of the Piooeae may, ha any such Case in which the Funds for the Alteration of the S&tts in the Manner recommended in suchf Report shall within Two Years from the Date of such Report be provided by local or public Subscription, direct such Church to be reseated accordingly; andm such reseating due Provision shall be made for the Appropriation of such Number of Seats as may be required for the Accommodation of all Parishioners attending Divine Worship in such Church, and the Churchwardens slinll have Power to alter from Time to Time the Appropriation of such Seats^ and to appropriate to the Use of Parishioners such further Number of Seats as may be required by them, and all the Seats both appropriated and free under any new Arrangement mode under this present Provision shall be made as pear as possible of the same Size and general Appearance.

XXVIII Upon aiiy Union of Benefices the Bishop of the Dioqese under his Hand and Seal shidr rad he is hereby authorized, by Faculty from his Court, to alter and re-adjust the Seats, ancf the Appropriation thereof, in the Church of the, united Parish; so that not Jess 'than One Half of the Sittings in such Church shall be left unappropriated, and the Remainder shall be placed at the Disposal of the Chii^rchyardens of quoh Church, under the; Control and Direction of the Bishop, fjior tto.tf^e of the Parishioners-of .such united Parish discharged from all prescriptive and other pre-existing Bights; and the Bishop of the DiCCese, either upon an Upion of Bepefiqes, or at any Time, find from Time to Time ^fterwands, may cause the Church or the united Parish to be reseated, and may adjust And appropriate ot re-adjust and re-appropriate the Sittings in the same. Church; and alLMonks expended and required for such Purposes, and not provided by voluntary Donation or in any other Mfum^yshall be deemed Expenses incurred by the Bishop in carrying the Provisions of this AeJ into execution, and shall be. defrayed accordingly. '

XXIX. Upon any Order in Oouncir under this Act coming into full Operation all Churches, Honipes, Buildings, Lind; rad Hereditaments which shall be authorised by such Order to be pulled'down or sold shall, without any Conveyance or other Form of Law, be and become absolutely vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, in trust to deal with or dispose of the same, and the Proceeds and Produce thereof as directed by this Act, and the Freehold of the Parish Chnrfch of the united Parish, and the Freehold of all such other Lands and Hereditaments previously vested in the respective Incumbents qt the Parishes Constituting the united Parish as shall not be vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners, shall become vested in the Incumbent for the Time being of the united Parish; and the said Commissioners shall have Power to make all necessary Conveyances^of the Hereditaments so vested in them, and to make sale and dispose! of the same; at subh Times and at such Prices, and in such Manner in all respects as to thepp shall seem expedient; and the Receipt in Writing of the Treasurers for the Time being of the said Eeefosiakddal Commissioners for the Purchase Monies, Bcnte, and Profits of such Hereditaments shall effectually discharge the Purchasers thereof and other Persons paying the same1 from the same Ptir^hasb Monies, Rents, and Profits, and fromajl, Liability fo:flespfeot thereof v-u.-it

(XXX. The Provisions cotjttainied in the Act One and TWo Victoria, CTrater One liundre^ atxl six, in itiation tfr the Disunion of' united Benefices, shdli apply to Ari Benefices >vhicji shall hav^ been united under the Previsions of this Actb. And the Provisibria of the Act Eighteen and Nineteen Victoria, Chapter One hundred and twenty-seven, shall continue in foil: Force is toievbry. Case i« which Proceedings shall hive bben commenced and shall be nebding at the Time:of the passing of this Act, notwithstanding tub Period bf Five Years Jijuitod by the same Act shall have expired.

23 & 24 Vict. 4 M XXXI. This

yf:\)

639

i ...

Bishop of '

Diocese may direct Churches to be reseated, and Sqats to

be apportioned for the Accommodation of* Parishioners.

Appropriation of Seats in Church of united Parish.

Property to be sold to vest in Ecclesiastical Commissioners.

Ul I

n r ib

Extending Provisions of I & 2 Vict. c. 106. and IS fc 19 Vict c. 127.

Act not to interfere with. Powers of 1 & 2 Vict c. 106. &c.

As to Nomination of Clerical Commissioners in certain Casts.

21 & 22 Vict c. 76.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Instmments of Sasine, and of Resignation and Sasine, no longer necessary, and Conveyances may be recorded.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 142, 143.

XXXI. Thi9 Act shall not abridge or interfere with the Powers contained in the Act of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, or in any other Act of Parliament now in force in regard to the Union of Benefices, but all such Powers and the Powers conferred by this Act may be exercised independently of one another or concurrently.

XXXII. Where the proposed Union is within the City of Westminster, One Clerical Commissioner shall be nominated by the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, instead of being nominated by the Dean and Chapter of Saint Paul's; and where the proposed Union is not within the City of London or the Liberties thereof, the Lay Commissioners shall be nominated to the Bishop by the Vestries of the Parishes respectively proposed to be affected by the Union, instead of being nominated by die Corporation of the City of London *

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act to extend certain Provisions of the Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858, to Titles to Land held by Burgage Tenure; and to amend the said Act.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend certain Provisions of The Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858/' to Titles to Land held by Burgage Tenure, and also to amend

the said Act Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Loras Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 186Q/

II. The following Words in this and the recited Act, and in the Schedules hereunto and to the recited Act annexed, shall have the several Meanings hereby and in the recited Act assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context repugnant to such Construction; that is to say, the Word "Deed " and the Word " Conveyance shall extend to and include original Charters, Charters and Writs and Procuratories of Resignation, Charters of Adjudication and Sale, Dispositions, Bonds and Dispositions in Security, Bonds of Annuity and of Annual Rent, and other Heritable Bonds, Feu Contracts, Contracts of Ground Annual, Decrees of Adjudication, Decrees of Sale, (whether such Decrees of Adjudication or Decrees of Sale contain Warrant for Infeftment or not), Decrees of Speciil Service, Precepts from Chancery, Precepts and Writs of Clare conBtat, Writs of Acknowledgment, Contracts of Excambion, and other Deeds and Decrees by which Lands are conveyed, or Rights in Lands, either absolute or redeemable, or in Security, are constituted or conveyed; and official Extracts of any such Deeds, Conveyances, and Decrees, and ttu Codicils, Deeds of Nomination, Decrees of Declarator, and other Writings bearing Reference to Conveyances separately granted, and naming or appointing Persons to exercise or enjoy the Rights or Powers conferred by such Conveyances, shall be deemed and taken, for th? Purposes of this Act, to be Parts of the Conveyances to which they separately bear reference; the Word " Lands " shall extend to and include all Heritable Subjects, Securities, and Rights; the Words "by Burgage Tenure" and the Words "held Burgage" shall extend to and include any Mode of Tenure known and effectual in Law similar to Burgsgp Tenure.

III. It shall not be necessary to expede and record an Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, on any Conveyance of Lands held Burgage, according to th£ present Law and Practice; but it shall be competent and sufficient for the Person in whosfe Favour the Conveyance is granted, instead of expeding and recording such Instrument to record the Conveyance itself in the Register of Sasines applicable to the Lands therein contained; and the Conveyance shall be presented for Registration, with a Warrant of

28° & 24° VICTORIA c. 143. 641

Registration thereon, in or as nearly as may be in the Form No. 1. of Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, specifying the Person on whose Behalf it is presented, and signed by such Person, or his Agent; and such Conveyance* being so presented, and recorded along with such Warrant, shall have the same legal Force and Effect in all respects as if Resignation of such Lands had taken place in due Form, and as if the Conveyance had been followed by an Instrument of Sasine or of Resignation and Sasine duly expede and recorded at the Date of recording the Conveyance, according to the present Law and Practice, in favour of the Person on whose Behalf the Conveyance is presented for Registration.

IV. Where a Conveyance of Lands held Burgage is contained in a Deed granted for Not necessary farther Purposes and Objects, such as a Marriage Contract, Deed of Trust, or Deed of Settlement, it shall not be necessary to record the whole of such Deed, but it shall be com- veyance. petent and sufficient to expede a Notarial Instrument, setting forth generally the Nature of the Deed, and containing at length those Portions of the Deed by which such Lands are conveyed, and by which Real Burdens, Conditions, or Limitations are imposed, and to record such Instrument in the appropriate Register of Sasines; and where a Deed conveys separate Lands, or separate Interests in the same Lands, to the same or different Persons, it shall not be necessary to record the whole of such Deed, but it shall be competent and sufficient to expede and record as aforesaid a Notarial Instrument, setting forth generally the Nature of the Deed, and containing at length the Part or Parts of the Deed by which particular Lands are conveyed to the Person in whose Favour the Notarial Instrument is expede, and the Part of the Deed which specifies the Nature and Extent of the Right and Interest of such Person, with the Real Burdens, Conditions, and Limitations, if any; and such Notarial Instrument shall be in or as nearly as may be in the Form of Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed.

V. Immediately before the Testing Clause of any Conveyance of Lands held Burgage, it Clause direct-shall be competent to insert a Clause of Direction in or as nearly as may be in the Form of convtTance to Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, specifying the Part or Parts of the Conveyance which be recorded, the Granter thereof desires to be recorded in the Register of Sasines, and when such Clause is so inserted, and Reference made thereto in the Warrant of Registration to be endorsed thereon in Terms of this Act, the Keeper of the appropriate Register of Sasines shall record such Part or Parts only, together with the Clause of Direction and the Testing Clause; and the recording of such Part or Parts of the Conveyance, together with the Clause of Direction and the Testing Clause, and the Warrant of Registration, as before provided, shall have the same legal Effect as if a Notarial Instrument, containing such Part or Parts of the Conveyance, had been duly expede and recorded in favour of the Person on whose Behalf the Conveyance is presented: Provided that, notwithstanding such Clause of Direction, it shall be competent for the Person entitled to present the Conveyance for Registration, to record the whole Conveyance, or to expede and record a Notarial Instrument, as herein-before provided, in the same Manner as if the Conveyance had contained po such Clause of Direction; and where a Notarial Instrument shall be expede, as hereinbefore provided, no Part or Parts of the Conveyance directed to be recorded shall be omitted from such Instrument.

VI. It shall not be necessary to insert in any Conveyance of Lands held Burgage a Clause of Obligation to infeft, or a Procuratory or Clause of Resignation.

VII. It shall be competent for the Heir of any Person who died last vest and seised in ttny Lands held Burgage, to obtain from the Magistrates of the Burgh within which such Lands are situate a Writ of Clare constat in or as nearly as may be in the Form of Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed; or, in his Option, it shall be competent to such Heir to apply for and obtain Decree of Special Service by the Sheriff of Chancery, or by the Sheriff of the County within which such Burgh is situate, in the same Manner in all respects as if such Lauds were not held Burgage; and such Writ of Clare constat or Decree of Special Service may be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines, and when so recorded, with Warrant of Registration thereon, shall have the same Effect in all respects as if Cognition and Entry of such Heir had taken place in due Form, and an Instrument of Cognition and Sasine in

4 M 2 regard

Certain Clauses not necessary in Conveyances. Ileir in Burgage Subjects may make up Title by Writ of Clare constat or by Special Service,

regard to such Lands, and in favour of such Heir, had been duly expede am

8(ir>i7«nf^»4i according to the present Law and Practice.

vfrri zlmjrvL rrc

Notarial in* *'f straments in favour of General Dis-ponees aotho-rized.

Forms of Assignations to unrapordeifn '

C6

Yiftrn (<)> VI

rvrn-.

; ^I .dr to

[*.mi. d :rji.

Notarial Instruments in fiirour of Persons acquiring Rights to unrecorded Conveyances authorised.

d- ji JLlnH

VIII. yVh^n any Person shall have granted or shall grant a general Conve\ aUQedomfjrfri

bending Lands held Burgage, whether by Deed mortis causa or inter vivos, itolshallhJbb competent to the Disponec under such Conveyance, or to any other Person win* shill how acquired Right to such Conveyance, in whole or in part, to expede and record a^Aforosaidoft Notarial Instrument in or a-nearly as may .be in the Form of Schedule (E.) to annexed; and such Notarial Instrument, being duly recorded in the appropriate! Register of Sasines, shall be equivalent to an Instrument of Resignation and Sasine duly tad

recorded, following on a Disposition of the Lands and Resignation thereof in 4ttfe R>n»J and when Heritable Securities me contained in such Notarial Instrument, thelri&tnweuM* expede and recorded shall, along with its Warrants, be equivalent to an AssignatUmotf Heritable Securities executed by the Granter of the general Conveyance, and diflyicfedwrdeiJ in the appropriate Register of Sasines:, Provided that where such Notarial InstrUuwrtehall be expede by a Person other than the original Disponec under such general Conveyance, J&4 Notarial Instrument shall set forth the Title, or Series of Titles, by which the, PefflQfc in whose Favour the Instrument is expede acquired Right to such Conveyance, and tbfli^tniie and Extent of hi6 Right. ^roifei 'I n. -rnonnonaH

IX. Itfehafllbe1 cdnapdtfcttt tb jAny Persbh, fn right of jin iirtrecoiritefl

qld, Burgoge* to, asflgutbe Cpnjfeya&ee inier «to?ueariy t& mkyibekr the FoiWTNdJKof ' be^ule (F.)_tP tfhip Act ARne^pd, .^ntd the Ass%nat»nVoriu the^orient of the M bfeiu^niqre in Onei fne successive Awgnarians* maybe *ecortledJb the appropriateRegister irf-SaaineaJ along, with Conveyance itself, sand Wamalt of Registration tlheitoon, in(or tamirfjDida ip^yl>Q7qrthq ^orm No. 2f of Schedule!(A; ) L and it^hall fed compcAetaitq^ t^of w; A^ignatio^s.on the CpnvieyfUHteiiWdf in or asi'fc early ns ihay be in the of Schedule (F.), in which Case the Assignation or Assignations and the Conveyance jasayito recorded along with the Warrant of Registration thereon., which shall be in or as neactaas ifaay The in the Form No. 1 bf 'Schedule (A .; 1 prid the Conveyance ^with'l tlye Warrant^ Registration, And ^the Assignation or As^gnations, £epa^ written hb8ilfi8/e, ^l)h-

v«yanbej seeing go'rdcofded snall'opCrate ih favour of the Assignee on whosb Me

presented* for JBegish'ittion, rts Fully and bffbctually as ir the Lands bant aitued ib £ne AjSsiiSitffiotr, or] lif there be inorb thin One, in the last Assighationi had beCn\ di^bh^byytn^ ohriginarCdntevuncd^In favour of SqbhAssignee, and the C<

Regisfrdfcioii, Ltd ' bebri' ' recorded in the Afanricjr nei^ih-l_

ifeoording such Conveyance AiidAsrighation or Assignations.

v., , I 1; i ..... .:1 ' *:* m m ' 'i n 1 -nil to

X-. When j^ny Rerew shall h^e acquired Right by General ConveyancAi slgnation, ^juo^atjaui or otherwise, to an untedorded. Goivvojranbi (of LamfaheM Burgagfl granted, in, fyvpur ' of; qnptheri Perspu^iLshalL bp competent to euda> flwt-men tinned) Btrwa

s; ia. Notarial Joptruolen^in or^- /nearly as may be in. fthnrEorm^t

Sph^dul^ [Q>) i|p, th^. Act anne^I. matting forth; tbo: Oonveyancetand, tbo Title^WflSeripbafc itles by which he acquired Right to the same, and the Nature and Extent of* h^ Jjitgl&i

in the Form of Schedule (B.), setting forth generally the Nature of the Deed, and corfti&iitiji -f f ,; i u ilVw Portluus. pfi thO; D^|i by which; theiLands in rqgard tO MrblcblthVibid

, r i .i ^ifuwpt.is, qxpedoa^ ccnveyedJ(and; by'.which-i'Bindbeta, iCkN^kionai oi ^u VA jpVj^d^/and also eettuagj forth thfc; TUlle or.Serias- of Titles by iwhicfe tbo.^PiU^ .< , to the Conveyance, and the Nataro afcid^ Extent of hiiRight; iaad t^ nechrd-

i.such J^otai^al Instrument in the appropriate Registeur of Sa$in«a; apd thb rConyoymiQ^wMi? -tno ) a a] Warrant Registration, thereof along withisudh .Notarial IndtrUmeitt in the Fwp iofe ? iU' ^Sphedulq (G, b W euch Notarial Instrument [in .thA<iFQtiai 4)f Sobedulel t(B^ .bew(gu«ft> r^pordedi s^all, be; equivalent to a ConveyantOt iii^voun< nf IthAv Per0bn eff:pedtAg; >tha; Instrument^ d^lyi. r^cqrded i along with- a Warrant; iof RfCgist^ioni tin; the) Mmimt Ikenem/i. bpfore(proy^deil..!, I ..>* i.sJ- I-m.i. '>^1 o« yniAd

mol. 1

.1 ! .I-

-ir , dj

"i lju /

-iiv J

Ws # VW'i'BMiir c? 1I3. i (.

itJ When any tands held Burgage are or shall bqr^ftei; h$ held qndfcra Dded of Destination* Entail, it shall not be necessary to repeat the Destination contained irt such EntaiJ at length " ^°t^il, 8l1" iBrtbssOoaveyances, 1 Ifistrunoents of Shaifte or 6f Resignation and Sasijie or of ^ogqition and &tsihe^-IiietrutDent8 of 'Gogttition, 'Notarial1 Unatruijienty, or other Deeds n66Cssary to' tiBnhifcfo^ rehewv Title utodfcr'ritieh Entail} but it rfiall be sufeient to

uefer to thejDestintttlou as'setf' forthfiit IfhllLengtft Jh the Deed or Entail recorded in th£ IMgifttbf of Talkies^ if the same shill have been so1 Recorded, Ojr as set forth at full Length in of* Sftshie, or of1 Resignation and Sasine, or of C^gnUiotf

kad&as Jpe; Id*tirumer>t'bf; Cognition, Notarial Listhiment, 1 or other Deed containing such Lura<& duly1 recorded' in tfco appropriate ^Register Of Sasines, and forming tart of the Brtgww i<rfpiffih; le -Deeds1 of 'the Lands' comprehend^ under suety Entail, such Reference being l model' in; th4 Terms, or us nearly usmay be in the Terms, set forth to Ro.'2. of Schedule <M.); and the Re#erenoe SO made to such Debtinatiota shall be equivalent to' the full IWertion 'thereof, and shill i to nlllnterits and1 in all' Question^ Whatever nave the sanic legal Bfleot as if the destination in* the recorded Conveyance, Instrument or other Deed referred to'bad''been*'inserted at length, notwithstanding 'any' LiWv or Practice.to the contrary, pr aiMf'IhjttnOtioB to the contrary contained' in sUhh Deed of Entkil, and notwithstanding, any Enactments or Provisions to the contrary contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament'now jyhipjh W (hereby rjepeple^ ep %, as inconsistent herewitl^-but, no farther. XI 1o XILZWhed a i [Deed Af Entail Comprehending any Lnndh held Burgage con

mar

bet&Mtof

u

t/x-nil

d 1 /. i

idmi; y.-fiuvKj

V- .n

1" Ki:norf

S: ah '

exi«fflrChliise>ilui&oricEnig B^gistimtioM^the Deed fa tM Rerfstef 6F Tra^fes, it shaftttotf

b©'ec6sbary ttoL Frbhibition ligoinfet AlienatW, Contracting D^bi, 1 Aha necessary,

altering n the iQider of Suocessron/bui <Af»Clause 6fuRegistrati6h shall fraVe; ib.

rtritfidn *uid Bffdbtlfts)if such Olausedof BnohtWiloii^ htA bbeiViriS

respe^Ahe'aaaie) Operationjuid--rr: -

a(icardingi<tol tkte present* Law abd^ Practice; *attid duty'fcubed WitSH.fl^rifritrfc4

(Jla^8e#.fj:>ijjw_who ) "ill iiii, "in iA i*> 'I'iiJi i '.i j; i(' ' " *"

i, ii *_* 11 t r *> MMj. irii*!«1, '* 1 Jten, thep^u^ Insf rttfnetfta >o£ Recoi-ding of

«.w ..... , ia*'* e'vw 2X252 *

u^WbrMT P-9 . recqrdcdnt. any I»#e f»; , fpp.frue. of^f, JPfiTMW. WtWbosfl .Rehatf, of Sasine?

e; |yau, ' ge preseptpa for Kegistrapon^ ip^he sam^ Alanper as In$trnn»nfel of, i3ae»itf| awhoriaed.

- *> r ' ' "3 5 the ^ppperpc^jiphRpgisteh

J'ugly>wfien presented; forthat,

Purpp^p; md jUmU^te Of Jfintiy ij; the Minute; JJopfc shpil (bp, held, tp bp; the Date of m^»i tration; and the Date of Registration of all such Conveyances, ]j^tr^enteofC<W1hteb»:andi other Notarial Instruments, shall be equivalent to the Date of Registration of Instruments of^asrue, of Resignation Arid Sasnie, dnd of C^nition and SaSlrW, according to the existing

-iL A*t- hrt I A L. *k - J X?^a*rau i* mL. mAA*' ' UT M f U -I i 1 1 f L. Mitloi *

Prabtibe^ lahfd E^racte of>all such Conv^yaiiceff, WatY^hty df Hejg^trhtion, ^hstfu- Btent#:iofl Oogfiiticm^either - N64^ial^Instrument^j lsd; Ahklb tnake; PaWb ih1 AH '

Casittr^ttkithb ^reoord^d Conveyanbee/Warrantd^add Iastenttietits have abb6

d*<»pt ^here bm^ aubh i©«fnv6yaiiee, 'Wai^rtmti oi Ine^mr^ht

bhiid^rO'rferi^ 1 i »u? *.nil' / -i'i I HIP- "M or »'> - i ki , J, i" '; '

III

tii f.in.ifpinJfe

t/T t«> u; o7r:i

ViO't

-uir or -tiu'J f.yi/iO'jyl "11 Jl

JffliiwS^.x. Pm h .-.i I hiXYjiiltilskhH te c ottHaltoni\hltmtAry, appmAted fen *Ad Purgote of Wihding np sbhU'deside tWoimpleti '

sh»; NbthtrialJ&i&J^meb fobth

Ip nri *

hiKVfilltlsWiH he competent -to1 a fTnastee on a teekjnd^trsrted1 Estate, ' bi to fiiq^iidtithrSi Mode of com-

"*' ' ---- ft Joifli'StbCik/C(5^i{lliffyi' Whh in

shhli'desitW tWoimpleteolSItleito'aBy LandsIheld Burgee, ! to eat^Ode, in tttd'IS^tfig^dfor^estradoii," ssaid; '* .: Mbtiarial' fUstmimon t setting f'okRi the A (St siitl' Warrant of Cohflrmaf ioniW t'ort'pur'df1 and by Liqui-sdeh.Trostpe/'or Ithe AppointMentrof siseh 'Liquidators, official ttr 'VoltlHtarjj iWs^cfrvely, of 'oint

iri v inu i i«u\>ui/ wi onvu'Aiiuuiu ciivf D) yjiivicix ui Tuiuiiuu y i Lcucvii v j q i a

akrl flrp^ilyitig «he^Lands thelohghi^ (o 4he Bankrupt br Cottipaiiy ^o whi<ih ^THle'4^ib W panies. ownp^tei, AiM)tbAiTide^y%bKlL dbchiLaudak>WBrt^ki^tpfc oV (^rh^riyi aaike^ttay'Wii th^EWim of fSchtduie^I.Vtw^Act totieield, fthdf id' rtfeoww'tfdKJ NnhKriifi laatWilmentJ inith^tfpph)pricith(Rfcgister'' w Ihsl^hiUbn1*1.

being so recorded shall be equivalent to an Instrument of Sasine or of Rdtf^hkfidb4

ifl[^vour of the Trustee or Liquidators, duly expedc and recorded, following on a

Conveyance

Corn-

Diligence against Apparent Heirs.

Obligations in Instruments of Sasine, &c. shall be inserted in Notarial Instruments.

Power to record Conveyance or Instrument of new with original or new Warrant of Registration.

Recorded Instruments not to be challenged on the Ground of Erasures.

Deeds and Instruments may be partly written and partly printed or engraved.

Fees of existing Town Clerks reserved; but

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 143.

Conveyance by the Bankrupt or Company, and Resignation of the Lands in due Fonn $ and when Heritable Securities are contained in such Notarial Instrument, the Instrument when recorded in the appropriate Register of Saeines shall, along with its Warrants, be equivalent to an Assignation of such Heritable Securities granted in favour of such Trustee by the Bankrupt, or in favour of such Liquidators by the Company, and duly recorded in the said Register.

XVI. In Actions of Constitution and Adjudication against an Apparent Heir on ^ccoujpt of his Ancestor's Debt or Obligation, for the Purpose of attaching Lands held Burgage, forming Part of the Ancestors Heritable Estate, it shall not be necessary to raise sep^r&te Summonses of Constitution and Adjudication, but both Actions may be combined in One Summons, whether the Heir renounce the Succession or not; and Actions of Constitution and Actions of Constitution and Adjudication, against an Apparent Heir, on account of his Ancestor's Debt or Obligation, for the Purpose of attaching the Ancestor's Heritable Estate, and Actions of Adjudication against such Heir on account of his own Debt or Obligation for the Purpose of attaching such Estate, may be insisted in at any Time after the Lapse of Six Months from the Date of his becoming Apparent Heir, any Law or Practice to the contrary notwithstanding; and in all such Cases a Decree of Adjudication shall be held equivalent to a Conveyance from such Ancestor of all Lands adjudged in favour of the Adjudger.

XVII. When any Obligation, Burden, Condition, Qualification, or other Matter has been or shall be appointed to be inserted or referred to in the Instruments of Sasine, or of Reskj-nation and Sasine, or of Cognition and Sasine, applicable to any Lands held Burgage* the same shall be inserted or referred to in any Instrument of Cognition or other Notarial Instrument applicable to such Lands to be expede in virtue of this Act.

XVIII. In case of any Error or Defect in any Notarial Instrument expede or to be expede in virtue of the Act of the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-one, or in the recording of any such Instrument, or of any Error or Defect in any Instrument of Cognition, or other Notarial Instrument, to be expede in virtue of this Act, or in the recording of any such Instrument, or in the recording of any Conveyance or Warrant of Registration, to be recorded in the Register of Sasines in virtue of this Act, it shall be competent of new to make and record a Notarial Instrument, or of new to record the Conveyance with the original, or a new Warrant of Registration, as the Case may require; and such new Notarial Instrument so expede and recorded, or such Conveyance so of new recorded with the original, or new Warrant of Registration, shall, from die Date of recording thereof, have the same Effect as if no previous Notarial Instrument had been expede or recorded, or as if such Conveyance and original Warrant of Registration had not been previously recorded.

XIX. The Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-three, intituled An Act to amend and regulate the Ldw of Scotland as to Erasures in Instruments of Sasine and of Resignation ad remanentiam, shall extend and be applicable to Instruments of Cognition and Notarial Instruments authorized by this Act, and to Notarial Instruments expede and to be expede under the Act Eighth and Ninth Victoria, Chapter Thirty-one.

XX. All Deeds, Writs, and Instruments whatever, mentioned or not mentioned in this Act, having a Testing Clause, may be partly written and partly printed or engraved , : Provided that, in the Testing Clause, the Date, if any, and the Names and Designations vf the Witnesses, and the Number of the Pages of the Deed, Writ, or Instrument, if the Number be specified, and the Name and Designation of the Writer of the written Portions of the Body of the Deed, Writ, or Instrument, and of the written Portions of the Testing Clause, shall be expressed at length in Writing; and such Deeds, Writs, and Instruments shall be as valid and effectual as if they had been wholly in Writing.

XXI. No Town Clerk of any Royal or other Burgh in Scotland who has been or shall be appointed subsequent to the Eighth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty shall have any exclusive Right or Privilege of preparing or expeding any Conveyance,

Instrument,

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 143.

Instrument, or other Writ applicable to Land, or shall have any Right to Compensation in respect of any Alterations affecting the Rights, Duties, or Emoluments of Town Clerks, which may be made by this Act or any Act which may hereafter be passed: Provided always, that existing Town Clerks, whether sole or joint, who, according to the present Law and Practice, are exclusively entitled to prepare Instruments- of Sasine or of Resignation and Sasine in Burgage Subjects, shall, each during the Period to which his Rights shall extend under any legal Appointment or Agreement existing at the aforesaid Date, but no longer, bo entitled to claim and receive from the Person presenting for Registration in the Burgh Register of Sasines kept by such Town Clerk any Conveyance, which, when recorded, will operate the Effect of a recorded Instrument of Sasine, or of Resignation and Sasine, such, but no other, Fees as he would have had Right to draw, and to appropriate to his own Use and Benefit, in respect of the Preparation and recording of the Instrument of Sasine or of Resignation and Sasine which, if this Act had not been passed, must have been recorded in the Burgh Register of Sasines, in order to operate the like Effect as the recording therein of such Conveyance; and the Person recording such Conveyance in the said Register of Sasines shall be bound to pay such, but no other, Fees to such Town Clerk in respect thereof: Provided always, that in estimating the said Fees such Instruments of Sasine or of Resignation and Sasine shall not be computed as of greater Length than the Writings actually recorded whereby such Instruments of Sasine or of Resignation and Sasine have been rendered unnecessary.

XXII. From and after the passing of this Act, and during the Period to which the Rights of any existing Town Clerk in any Burgh in which Lands are held Burgage, and no Register of Sasines is kept, extend under legal Appointment, and no longer, no Conveyance, Writ, or Instrument applicable to Lands in such Burgh held Burgage, and which under the Provisions of this. Act shall come in place of any Writ or Instrument which such Town Clerk would by Law have been exclusively entitled to prepare had this Act not been passed, shall, as regards such Lands, be validly recorded in any Register of Sasines, unless the Warrant of Registration of such Conveyance, Writ, or Instrument shall be subscribed, or where no such Warrant is required, such Conveyance, Writ, or Instrument itself shall be subscribed or endorsed with the Signature of such Town Clerk, which Signature he shall bef bound to attach or endorse on Receipt in respect thereof of One Half of the Fees which would have been chargeable by him for the Preparation of the Writ or Instrument which he would have been entitled to prepare as aforesaid, and of no other Fees; but if the said Conveyance, Writ, or Instrument be prepared by him, he shall not be entitled, in respect of his Signature as aforesaid, to any other beyond the ordinary Fees for preparing such Conveyance, Writ, or Instrument; Provided always, that in estimating the said Fees the said Writ or Instrument shall not be computed as of any greater Length than the Conveyance, Writ, or Instrument signed by such Town Clerk.

XXIII. All the Provisions of this Act applicable to Lands held by the ordinary Burgage Tenure shall be applicable also to Lands in the Burgh of Paisley held by the peculiar Tenure of Booking; and all the Provisions of this Act applicable to Resignation, and to Instruments of Sasine, and of Resignation and Sasine, and of Cognition and Sasine, and Registers of Sasines, respectively, of Lands held Burgage shall be applicable also to Booking, and to Instruments of Resignation and Booking, and to Extract Bookings, and to the Register of Booking, respectively, of Lands in said Burgh of Paisley held by said Tenure of Booking: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent the Constitution, Transmission, or Completion of Rights to Lands held by the said Tenure of Booking by the Forms in use prior to the passing of this Act.

XXIV. It shall be lawful for the Court of Session from Time to Time to pass Acts of Sederunt fixing and regulating the Fees payable to Town Clerks and Keepers of Registers of Sasines for and with respect to all Instruments and Proceedings under this Act, and the recording of all Deeds and Instruments made and executed under the Provisions thereof; and the said Court may either make a General Table of Fees which shall be applicable to all the Burghs in Scotland, or may make Special Tables of Fees which shall be applicable to any One or more of such Burghs, as they think fit; and the Tables of

Fees

643

no fhture Town Clerks to have Claims for Compensation for Loss of Fees, See,

Provision for Lands held Burgage where no Burgh Register of Sasines is kept

Provision for Lands in the Burgh of Paisley held by Booking Tenure.

Court of Session may fix and regulate Fees.

ws

§nitry>7U I *xf' sbne.I lOt i-^.IK'-f.J Ot <*OQfi.l 1'fdtO Lhi .l.'Mttfi

nj ?bncJ lstir

WjrfJ IJOiI

m & 24P. MIOTOM jSJ. oi!«.

Fpep applicable to each Burgh shall come into operation on the Death, Resignation, or Rctuqvul of the existing Town Clerk of such Burgh; and it shall not be lawful for any Towtt.iCilerk ior the Keeper of the Register of Sasines of any Burgh who shall be pppointqd after the passing of this Act, to demand or receive any higher Fees for or Ih respect of any Instruments or Proceedings under this Act, or the recording of any Dee<k 9#, Instruments made ami executed kinder] the Provisions thereof, than the Fees specified in the, Table which for the Time shall be applicable to such Burgh j and the said Court may in< for the Purpose of passing and pass such Acts of Sederunt either during Session or Vacation, and may from Timo to Time repeal or1 alter such Acts and Tables of Feefe: provided, that all Acta of Sederunt passed under the Authority of this Act shall, withid poe Month after the Date thereof, be transmitted by the Lord President of the said Court to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, that the same may be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

Clauses of Direction to be referred to in

Registration.

Official

TowryQlej

basing aqt^a

their itfrgHWLj InlcrestJj.^v corded Writs.

XXV. Every Deed containing a Clause of Direction in Terms of the recited Act or this referred to Prescntet^ *or Registration in any Register of Sasines, shall, if such Clause of Direction

Warrants of *8 hitended to be acted on, bear express Reference thereto in the Warrant of Registration^ if any, which, in Terms of the recited Act or this Act, is otherwise required to be endorsed on such Deed, or in a separate Warrant of Registration, in the Form as nearly its may be of the Schedule (K-) tp this Act annexed; and in the Absence of such express Reference in such Warrant of Registration as aforesaid* such Deed shall be engrossed in the Registei as if it had contained no Clause of Direction.

t, ^X.yif It-sb^ bqjcpnjpeteftt fqr rthei Town Clerk of: oily Burghto ^i^edeUnd ifp^fhq^ejpipr, of, spyBur^pr other.iRepeflcr 6£ SaeiPe^ ifiwdrtion^ Atoi'kfc

pi^Sqsine or, Cognition mad I S*sme*l bn< bny rNotbrlalii '

Vffpvpyajppe, qr ([Q^e *, Writ* 1ih MihicH wbch Towa Clerk or Keeper* naa}* bo

; eit^er, jqdiyidq^Hy Trustee Jot i another 16r dthemtise%» land 'im< >tifaWfflttS

of .SgsVe-, pr; 9f> CpOTition, S^inbj Notarial Instrutaeiity > Conveyance OP1 tithWr Wfm

expede or recorded prior ta the Date of the posing of thisdAot; or ti^ch mpy crxpcde oi' recorded, shall be ehahepgepUcl (urbrany tray dfficted Sbyreisbribf sffcrlAtifi Interest in the Town Clark qr.Kgqper of the Registef by; qtknA the Same hs^be^tffApfei§ or recorded as aforesaid; , Provided that) £hid Enacttueilt shall hot' prejudieb Ar a^bt>vairt Action or Proceeding whipjhptnay, have been itotitrited pcioiildfcbdjiassing

ir, /ir; j ', £ it >., !« m n-.ou-.if 1 Lain gbnoR XXVII. In Excambions of Entailed Lanas, whether held Burgage or not. it shall not bp, to insert at Lei^gth in thp^Conveyances ofi the Lands obulhieduh o£ofc&gc

feg sqch ep tailed l^ands; pr , iq th<* InstflUmbiKs of Sasifre^ Notarial Instruknfeifte, W WyH^wbrch, ppp fpllqvf upon eu<& Cqnveyan^ Destination bfl Henrd, of ditio^s*; (^hihit^opfirr PecJar^itiqus* I^cuthtioiJSy; Rhsti»^bnB^-'QlhiEshO iiWtant[aitd mtjiYiB*/^ fcdaysep ^pt^ori^qg, Rpg^tijation .iti the Register , af X«ulp&4, opntaitted^ytR# Deed of Entail, but in such Conveyances, and in all other Conveyaneerf oFi.Kntidlbd and in all Notarial Instruments applicable thereto, it j^hall be competent to

refA to BtfchvDistinition, and to such Conditions, .Prohibitions, Declarations.

RfestrictibuB, Ckiufees irritttnt and resolutive, and Clause authorizing ?

Regirtcr bf Taifaie ^, as^ei forth ini the D^eii of .Rntail recorded in Ae Reg^teri^o if»the same1 shall have 'been so recorded, or as Torth in, any Conveyance Im»i of iSdeiwev br^t>tW^r 'WVrt^dttty reebhi^d ih appropriate Register of pa^ines, ancL)

Part oif tba Progress of Title Deedy fallowing on sqc^i Deed of Entail, pqch Ke^1 J made at hearW ad ito*y be in the Terms set forth' jb^ ^hedule.(L.^'to' this J mid the l Rcwehce eO made td ^uch Destination, jina to1such Cpuditions.

Deckrallons, <Lihii*aribate', Retoctiotts, Clau 'irtiiarit. anil resolutive, and I ribinglRc^i^tratiotr in the Register of Trilbies, shall 'be equivalent toj thel fp^ thereof, notwithstanding tiny Law or Pfactice to1 the^ corl^niry or, any Injunchob epotrary twiifained1 iq such Ttebd1 of Eh'tkiF, bfr ritiy1 Ehacfmbnts or Provisions fp contained in^any Act of Piitlifiment, nil Which aVe hereby repealed to Ex|ep|! this ^michMenrt «p^iye ', ' brttt »<y ttirtherj jr J !*.:> -, J I'm. , ?.noneliniiJ

XXVXIII a»rhen

Conditions of E9t»il>

beip^qec Reference merely.

il

) ! '>'1 /'lilt p, £i <.| h'. I K

rti

y i-'iio ) 'MI R br>l'T' >}'* VMIB Vi in m to

if

WIOTORI^ 143.

m

10MtttijviiLandsyrwiutli^v held Burgage*«ir nbtpdkpb»ed, lifider thiei Authd- Debt*affecting fjitf apAQfc «f Parliaiaflnfc, anexdambibafor other Lhtlds, arebpedened with Debtt,

; dispOtied ? shall, from --and after' the >Datfef of1 Rteg^strAtioit irithe appropriate other Land* to $egiptert of , S4smej3; e|f.the Contractor Deed of Exbambion of ttaehfLtttid#, be freed and affect *nch

parbvroUsty affecting1- thle -same, attd'shillbe butotebed m

R^b-ttye ftebfss, # a»yi; which ^emoualy-ifffe^d^theiLfmdemitjulred ih e(xcbdBfge, 'fty#' the Pi^ertmde: iD fvrb(bbikp<9b Betiti' were a Bufrdett ilbofl sobhlAat*-f&e#fjeiie4 l/Awtoh iProvided, tidiraJrB, rtb'at lbefore1 eny su^ EffcAmbroa'is'attthotiied(i*i M$$>9b lih»Mdtorel< m nwj.bai ptreseribedhy SUch A<!d 8iateb; Irttib4ttti«(ft a* the

Qwtf, of; Session mayt consider dwcAeanofy shall -l>b madp to -all' Gt-edkota Wring Ihterdst; and shall k& otititlsd. it» r btaiti inyt Objections thereto. Of WhMi the Cdtirfc shrill ying&p iPflJttidednaUcn i th«^ t iaiduch' -Contractor Deed lof EseokdabJon, 1 it in1 a Schedule subscribed as relative thereto, and declared to be Part thereof, - 'and recorded tWriwith, there shall be set forth ns to each of the said Debts the following Particulars; gamely, - the ayaoHnt 'df ttte Debt* the Date 'bf fecd^dtn^ the, Writ by which its Constitution was angiaallf published^1 rheRegister in which1 trie sthne was so published, the Name and Dosigiulrtioriof 'the original Creditor, and if the Debthas been transferred the Name and: Bes^natiod of the1 CreditorUnderstood ^to be in right thereof for the Time, and the Date ofl woording the' Writ ' Whereby his Right wais biiBlishe'd, and the Register in which the vtaii so puWtsHed provided furtherjthat vi su<ih Contract or Deed 6f Excambion such

l3n6An4r, s Debts, 8cc.f maybe charged on entailed Estates by Bond and lMs position hi Security.

Debts- ihalfl bo ieiiptesstydeclared to brirtlen the1 Pmrids to Which the fame aire'transferred as aforesaid. V"1 ':' J '

iil-d aJl-CosejIwbtr e there are ot- ehalf be Entailer's or other i>ebt?! oj* Sums of dfpppjy which, ought-lawfully -be made -chargoable, by Adjudication oT dtWrmse; upop the ^pe, ]C^iMi-Ee^ili^!iEsthtei< the llm^of^Entail in pOSSefesiOn of such Estate for the Time b^[shall(hf>velaUi:thetl*]pe, Porwieii of fchurgihg1 the Pee' tfnd; Rents'of such Estate, ot nnV P^p^.theceobi Otiher thanilthejMandiiMi House, Offices', 1 and Policies thereof, with such J^l^-Pt(TBuios5ofiMiu^,; and! *tfi/granting, With the Atithotityof the Court of Session, ^cdftiwiiDispositjQns i» jSfitiiriifc^ ror the Aipotiirt >ofetidhBebts Sind 'Sums bf Money, ' f#cbyjth|etA.cti JUeTenihi.and twelfth Victoria, - Chapter Thirty-rix, abd - the Act Sixteenth | >£<PYPftte»th - Victoria, Chapter/ Ninety-four, are conferred with Reference to ProvisiortS touy<IW>Kcr'i'ChiWren i| and stich Bonds and DiSpoeitions in Security may be granted ip favouri§£, aiwl P«r^e^ui<(the iRight of suob Debts or Some of Mbhey at the Date1 when such Bonds and Dispositions in ^jecprty, aife ^xeepted. y (|, >

ogX3bX> Tlw Short Glauses of Consent to Registration for Presetvation, and for Prc-C§rt?atiftn(«ndi!Execiition, set"'forth iit the Schedule {A.) annexed to the Act Tenth and Ej$$eo<th Ftetwrjdy Chapter P-erty-eight, shuU, wheh occurring in aiiy Deed or Writing whateter*; have the hireiM£aningi trad Import as by the said Act is attributed to thfem when, fpaurribg >ihi any} Daspasltian, Cweeyknce, Deedj or Instrument rcfeiTed to in. the First te»f)kfa»ifffedd>AA.>. '*O' .* 1 Ji.' I ' 'r 1 1

of 'jvftib reference to' the Fii^t Section off (!tli<a *c- ijitlies, to I^smI <(i£idi>Ala»e£) Act;

is declared and enacted, that in, all and each of the Cases set forth- in the Sixth Sfeitroh.if the' 'Act tenth^and Eleventh ^tcioria. Chapter portynseveu, or.in this.Fifth Secrtion ^he1 Act .'Tenth and 'idev^htli Chaptar iF?rtyrWght» fit dn^tlMi HouWh Section of

flife1 'A'fclt tenth and Eipventh PMtyri&f*. Chapjtei* Fortyh, niae>, ef h> the fourth -Seetioa iof'thte A^'Srenth' diuJ' Efbvent1^ t^/of-iaxjCnapter, P»ftj>ipr uy. tbp Twpnjty^seventh Sbcttton df ^jfiAcl!^tenth and '^ev^th; ^cfario, Chapter Tifty-oae^' it :is; andi shall be lawful to idftr , tb^ Tntb, and ^leyeptb Vyitprfriia pfovided* tfi suehBeni BtdBdtoe ^s jB^.^reth.ffby-th.(M ful).Length in any-Gon+ey-J abcC'Hf RotanaTllris^rpnipnt'recorded j in the appropriate Regiefier of iSasines -of thd Lands fijwhfiA^sbeH Burdens or Conditions of-. Limbfitionsj apply; and, that, stidi -Reference is and shall 'be' equivalent *to' the fiiU. Insertion . ifl. (tbo.Pispopitjop^ iConveyancei iProeurataiy *

Ppcytjip.pT ^(^pdi^PflsJwtfWibentiof Saanei iocibther mmInsttument in which' 8ucn Rererence occur8 of; auphB^:Burde^(Or <>«dUionj6 et Limitations, and has and shall have all the legal Effects assigned by the said Provisions a*r«8&lJVy£CT. 4 N of

Short Clause* of Consent to Heg^stfation niky be used in any Deed,

Beal Burdens may be referred to as already in any Conveyance recorded in any Register of Sasines,

of the said Statutes, or any or either of them, to any Reference to such Real Burdens or Conditions, or Limitations, as set forth at Length in any recorded Instrument of Sasine* or recorded Instrument of Resignation ad remanentiam.

tenance of Churches, Schools, &c.

Exfthfclon of XXXII. The Provisions of the Act of the Thirteenth Year of Victoria, Chapter 13°&^u*vict Thirteen, intituled An Act to render more simple and effectual the Titles by which Conyms c. 13. to Trusts 9at*°n* or Societies associated for Purposes of Religious Worship or Education in Scothmd for the Main- hold Real Property required for such Purposes, shall apply to all Trusts for the Maintenance^ Support, or Endowment of Ministers of Religion, Missionaries, or Schoolmasters, or for the Maintenance of the Fabric of Churches, Chapels, Meeting Houses, or other Placed of Worship, or of Manses or Dwelling Houses or Offices for Ministers of the Gospel, or of Schoolhouses, or Schoolmasters Houses, or other like Buildings; and shall also apply to Feu Duties and other Heritable Property as well as to Lands and Houses and Money invested on Heritable Security; and it is hereby declared and enacted, that the Societies' or Bodies of Men specified in the eaid Act include and shall be deemed to include the General Assemblies, Synods, and Presbyteries of the Established Church of Scotland, and' of all other Presbyterian Churches in Scotland.

Recording Deeds with Writ of Resignation thereon not to operate Sasine on such Deed.

XXXIII. The last Proviso to the Ninth Section of the " Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858," expressed in the following Terms, viz.," Provided always, that the recording of such " Deed along with such Writ shall have the Effect of an Instrument of Sasine following " on such Deed," is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof, when a Deed which is the Warrant for Resignation, with a Writ of Resignation written thereon, has been or shall be recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines, the recording of such Deed along with such Writ shall not have the Effect of an Instrument of Sasine following on sudh Deed.

Description of XXXIV. The Fifteenth Section of the recited Act is hereby repealed; and in lieu ^ned in*1" thereof be it enacted, That where any Lands held or not held Burgage have been parties corded Deeds lariy described in any prior Conveyance, Discharge, or other Deed or Instrument duly may be inserted recorded in the appropriate Register of Sasines, it snail not be necessary in any subsequent misubsequent Conveyance, Discharge, or other Deed or Instrument containing or referring to the whole ference merely. or Fart of such Lands, to repeat the particular Description of the Lands at Length, but it shall be sufficient to specify the Name of the County, and, where the Lands are held Burgage, the Name of the Burgh and County in which they are situated, and to refer to the particular Description contained in the prior Conveyance, Discharge, or other Deed or Instrument so recorded, in or as nearly as may be in the Manner set forth in No. 1. of Schedule (H.) to this Act annexed; and the Specification and Reference so made shall be held to be equivalent to the full Insertion of the particular Description contained in such prior Conveyance, Discharge, or other Deed or Instrument so recorded, and stall have the same Effect as if the particular Description had been inserted exactly as it is set forth, in such prior Conveyance, Discharge, or other Deed or Instrument

XXXV. The Thirty-first Section of the " Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858j" is hereby repealed; and in lieu thereof be it enacted, That in case of any Error or Defect in any Notarial Instrument expede or to be expede in virtue of the said Act, or of the Act Eighth and Ninth Victoria, Chapter Thirty-one, or in the recording of any such Instrument or of any Instrument of Resignation ad remanentiam, or in the recording of any Conveyance, or Procuratory of Resignation ad remanentiam, or Warrant of Registration, recorded dr to be recorded in the Register of Sasines in virtue of the said Titles to Land Act, it shall be competent of new to make and record a Notarial Instrument, or Instrument of Resignation^ or of new to record the Conveyance, or Procuratory of Resignation, with the original or a new .Warrant of Registration, as the Case may require; and such new Notarial Instrument or Instrument of Resignation, so expede and recorded, or such Conveyance or Procuratory of Resignation, so of new recorded, with the original or new Warrant of Registration, a& the Case may require, shall, from the Date of recording thereof, have the same Effect as if previous Notarial Instrument or Instrument of Resignation had been expede or recorded, oi

as

Conveyances and Instruments may be recorded of new.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 143, 640

a if such Conveyance, or Procuratory of Resignation, and original Warrant of Registration had not- been previously recorded.

XXXVI. The Words "to be holden in the same Manner in which the Grantor of the Me&ning of Conveyance held or might have held the same," in the Fifth Section of the " Titles to fei*" Land (Scotland) Act, 1858," and the Words of the same or similar Import in the Twelfth, ^nd Act^° Twenty-first, Twenty-second, and Twenty-seventh Sections of the said Act relative to the 18 5B, declared. Manner in which the Lands mentioned in the said Sections are to be held, are hereby declared and shall be construed to mean that the Lands are to be held a me ml de me, where the Investiture of Lands contains no Prohibition against Subinfeudation or against an alternative Holding, and a me only where the Investiture contains such Prohibition: Provided always, that where the Investiture contains such Prohibition, the Conveyance or Instrument shall, if an Entry in the Lands therein specified or thereby conveyed be expede with the Superior within Twelve Months from the Date of such Conveyance or Instrument, have the same Preference in all respects from the Date of recording in the appropriate Register of Staines the Conveyance or Instrument, as if the same contained an a me vel de me Holding, and the Investiture did not contain any Prohibition against Subinfeudation or against an alternative Holding.

XXXVII. The Thirty-third Section of the Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858, shall be Amendment of read and construed as if the Word " Resignation " were substituted for the Word

" Registration" occurring in the said Section. Act, ?858."

XXXVIII, Where a Judicial Factor shall apply by Petition for Authority to complete Mode of com-a Title to any Lands held or not held Burgage forming Part of the Estate under his pleting Title Management, and where the Petition shall specify the Lands to which such Title is to be factor" completed, the Warrant granted for completing such Title shall also specify the Lands to Trust Estate, whidb such Title is to be completed, and such Warrant shall be held to be a Disposition of &< *

the Lands, and an Assignation of any Heritable Securities contained in such Warrant in due and usual Form, in favour of such Judicial Factor by the Person, whether in Life or deceased, whose Estate is under Judicial Management, and, where such Judicial Factor has been appointed on a Trust Estate which shall have been vested in a Trustee or former Judicial Factor by such Trustee or former Factor, whether in Life or deceased, for the Purposes of such Trust: Provided always, that for enabling the Person in whom such Lands were last vested, or his Representatives, or other Parties interested, to bring forward competent Objections against such Warrant being granted, or Claims upon the Estate, the Court shall order such Intimation and Service of the Petition as to them shall seem

proper *

XXXIX. Charters of Resignation or Adjudication or Sale shall operate as a Con-s All Charters or firmation of the whole Deeds and Instruments necessary to be confirmed in order to complete Writs of Be-the Investiture of the Party in whose Favour such Charter may be or may have Deen oj^tTcon-granted. firmation.

XL, Writs of Confirmation and Writs of Resignation and Writs of Clare constat Writs of Con-granted in Terms of the Titles to Land (Scotland) Act, 1858, by Subjects Superiors, shall ?rng &c' bb authenticated in the Form required by the Law of Scotland in the Case of ordinary superior to Dtads.

Superiors I be tested.

XLI. The Stamp Duty chargeable on Writs of Confirmation, Writs of Resignation, Writs Stamp Duty of Clare constat, and Writs of Investiture, granted or to be granted in virtue of the said Act, and on Writs of Acknowledgment under "The Registration of Leases (Act," &c.

shall be the same as that now chargeable on Charters of Confirmation, Charters of Resignation, and Pvecepts of Clare constat.

XLII. The Fees to be drawn from and after the passing of this Act in the Office of the Application Register of Deeds, Probative Writs, and Protests shall be applied in the first instance to Payment of the Principal Keeper to the Extent of a Sum of Five hundred Pounds annually,

m

[Commencement of Act.]

m &> MIOT0R4 Jfc? I'#.

and of each of the Two Assistant Keetibto:foIffi*THi<e*fc of Three hundred and fifty Pounds

annuall^.^ he <MW«feg Law

-Ad)'lu n; :'f -.>!» i-nu-y.*V» v.<Wf, , il -, .'J , :i ad ol I. O/.A

Lilli. This Aflt^Jb^ vtpke effect froi«|fuj<i aftefthei'ifftt, Day tf Qtittbet One thouasod [hundredr, |j, 4w, u yVv, .»*.», odi JmT oHlosIn hna]

---srif+n tmrt ---- Sfk-TKO (-'Aim.'U wars) otlt ot

L O — ' -

[Ji£cl Dili "to nohq

into Jo; nib I id

* Jt in h.il'-rop^i od ijJ byoCI ioslodw

tan^l ]

SCHEDULE (A.)

<J,

Warrant of Registration to be written on a Conveyance wh&i presetted without Assignation

, SVN apart' 6r Notarial Instrument. ' - TTr

' " \V> 3 ft

hi£^ oilJ *r; K /j.; i it? r "\ v"' , j>v.'T>

, n\i; -t

sun^w^ivAX Wvv Vtv^jj .<V.K .n.tu fin/,

l yA \u>w W) v.to 'v>] .C\.rX bn

..«v: to joCj.fr->?wH *.?!:

, :.> f

At 'I,

II

id///.! t'.if,

__________ n brrr: trna liable ei [w\\

j .V\K h.A 9fft 91 if I O')b yJ^'Dfl 9/tT OldteiedT

.biiiaJioi tie 11 u; pLiii^l LII; > nth <>t id-IM ojjtyi gt

vx' W Y.m» kAr A ' Vrtoijy/ zesaiiw nl Warrant of Registration to be written on a Conveyance when presented with Assignation apart

or Notarial Instrument.

Register on behalf of A, B. (inSetl Ilisig^k^t^e\6iig with the Assignation [or Assignations or ^ttfc& with \ inference \ berfeta^(»rV0&e>^ the Case

[lo iliufbd no vd *.ww -Vi'jiit TA

: \woww\V^\ *u> WAX *u>1 noiji-.on-Jt f a botnsesiq

tablOtm fbifivf V n

<t&Vm*Y>] ofod'/r A .'3 ht\*s\\inNn\\ 'mV\j j»

I&iono^ /> otn 0) hojrto^yiij 8i; v/ oixlt o^Ij* >.i\ f' >.\\ *vv>

t*niir>od bnn tAA.r) bu'.a oili y<A* W44 \»> \u> e\w>CV vxMu *\o] noiiieoqsiQ

honoip.ib bnr, #E»otiLP., i^ /> /£!> <\\ - ^/SW^taVVt1 r»H \ I°U otaCI

\s\\V> J .hoinvhzh Jhtit ^rioM Wl)ot (| ><> \nou o?av3 ift ^iV\s*vn\io %o]

[dto td^im *uv| <sut oil ihiil// *i«> oUn-A W'fft 6.

J^.}, ^ha llis ffehfe rittd 'A^igtieeB' [iTlScrttNe Destination^ if'ib fUr a$v1mdftj §k.iict

irF^biy f^ i*e<fceAiabiy, iVLife^ent,

all and whole [iw^erf the Description of the Subjects conveyed; and if* me Di under the Burden of a Real Lien or Servitude, or any other Incumbrance, Condition, or Qualification of the Right, ar under Redemptfvfo ^always under the Burden of a Real

Lien, 8fc.

[as the Case may be].

[If the Person jexpeding the Instrument be other than the

— 7 ---- -'J'J1 A - Al ---- — -"1 A ---- rL specify the Title or Series

and Extent of his Might]. of 1

original Disponee, add] of Titles by which such AytkSsu^ongliw

[Junk removed.]

o/

SCHE%

Jttfc ?#.KIOTOW«£ v, m.

abnno^ vilft bar? fmbnwl ojifJT Tto inn\?\>k ov/T 9ili to rfona ban

Wisj sflfei#

And I direct to be recorded in the Register of Sasine9 the Part of this Ibed from jts

" rT " r o/t ioofta olIlwT

LWsSfeb9l[>rtUtf]

Page] [or I direct the ption of the Part] ve.]

[and also the Part from the Words (insert Words) on the

to the Words (insert Words) on the ---- Line of the whole of this Deed to be recorded in the Register of Sasine^ wi [or Parts, as the Case

SCHEI^E (D.) _ .

aortn^mb. , W, V, nW

HaMh'bf the An&stor]died last ves^ afta ^isea hi $«fc

necessary Clauses as in Writs of Clare cojistytapplicable feudal Property]; and that con-

r___t______x_____a _r* n_:£* j*'6__* i si. n_____ 1 -1 r____ /» i

Heir] is eldest'Son and nearest and lawful Heir of the said C.D. \or as the Case may be]. Therefore we hereby declare the said A.B. to l)?yre Bight to the said Lands as Heir foresaid.

In witness whereof [to be tested and signed in common Form]., , -v,

Vui<\n n«\»n\'WA. n M'.'ii } \' »v> (\^vV» se ^o^snUsv'm. \« siumn

Ac. V..(, i\> Witw-'A. -\i\

* gicbhI u>'\u\u'f\'.rl.yili ilii >iv 1 5 EIWt»R\(E.^\v

mvA st\s NofariaiLtstrumsnt:

At

a.k'io ihidscl no inm.xiH

enoilan >iVvi

there was by [or on behalf ofl A.B: of

v____.v___r_____an .j t a n

Bfcpbsititti^[or other Deed or Instrument] C.D. df 'K^Wife Vdsfed^iri^alT tand whole [describe the Lands or otti&r* Skbfects, as the Case may be]; as also there was presented to me a general Disposition [or other Deed, or an Extract of a Deed], granted by the said C.D., and bearing Date [insert Date], by which general Disposition the said C.D., gave, granted, and disponed [or otherwise, as the Case may be], to tJ^ Sfifcl W.fe.vAnifhis Heirs and Assignees, [or otherwise, as the Ca^eNi^ayv^J^heritably And\iitedeeinnMy as the

Swwi W *. V ' v' »'. v -.'A Vis wu| olody'bins lbs

* m .svjiWWj.'.* , uo.\- u u i.i n- — n m.A W'Wi\ \o wA-.W<\ isVmiw

Ir')H «Io Iiolmrfl 'nil whan '^SG&feDtJLE 0V;"M' '''Wvs

»At fo t>Av> sA , .U n 'A I -I >A »m>0 '!

\/\ AtiA-w vAV^\o

ier^sp flf, W asrfgnotpi'Ciitfy

Wigpje^si [pr fitheryd^ \ ^he^Oiflposkfcn ^dthi*^ Vature of the Deedgrftnt^d ]>y-£, 4F^ (d^teti 1st *, bjft whibfche fcoweyedvi

the Lands of A^ias^ therejp described, to me [or otherwise, 'as the Case may be, specifyiny the cmxgs^W ffyye, and trie Nature and Extent of the Right conveyed. StoUillXf Tism of the AssigneeS Entry; and other Particulars, if any, ought to be specifecfy 1 iTFiV^fcithess

whereof [insert a Testing Clause in the usual Form].

-3H0rf

>\o

tab

-^nsmcnoO JdA lo iaora

B5B

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 143.

No. 2.

Assignation of an unrecorded Conveyance written upon the Conveyance

I, A.B. in consideration of, 8fc.

[or otherwise, as the Case may be], hereby assign to C.D. and his Heirs and Assignees [or otherwise, as the Case may be], the foregoing Disposition of the Lands of X., as therein described, granted in my Favour [or otherwise, as the Case may be, specifying the connecting Title, and the Nature and Extent of the Right conveyed. State the Term of the Assignee's Entry; and other Particulars, if any, ought to be specified]. Ih witness whereof [insert a Testing Clause in the usual Form].

SCHEDULE (G.)

Notarial Instrument in favour of an Assignee to an unrecorded Conveyance to be recorded

along with the Conveyance.

At 1 there was by [or on behalf of]

A.B. of Z., presented to me, Notary Public subscribing, a Disposition [or other Deed, as the Case may be, specifying the Nature of the Deed], granted by C.D. of K, and bearing Date [insert Date]; by which Disposition the said C.D. conveyed to' E.F. the Lands of jfc, $s therein described, and which Disposition is to be recorded along with this Instrument; as also there was presented to me [specify the Title or Series of Titles by which A.B. acquired Right| and the Nature and Extent of his Right]. Whereupon, , fyc. c., as in Schedule {B.)

(Signed) G.H.,

Notary Public.

I.K, Witness.

L.M., Witness.

SCHEDULE (H.)

No. I.

Clause of Reference to particular Description contained in a prior Deed.

The Lands [or Subjects] and others [or the Lands delineated and coloured on a Copy of the Ordnance Survey Map hereto annexed, and signed as relative hereto,] [or the Lands of A. and others,] [or the House No. 10, Street, and others,] [or other

like short Description,] in the county of , [or in the Burgh of and

County of as the Case may be], being the Lands [or Subjects] particularly described

in the Disposition [or other Deed, as the Case may be], granted by C.D., and bearing Date [insert Date], and recorded in the [specify Register of Sasines] on the Day of

in the Year, [or as particularly described in the Instrument of

Sasine or Notarial Instrument recorded, or as the Case may be.] [If Part only oj Lands is conveyed, describe such Part as above, and add, being Part of the Lands particularly described, $c .; or thus, being the Lands [or Subjects] as particularly described, fac., with the Exception of, and describe the Part excepted].

No. 2.

Clause of Reference to Destinations in Entails.

[After inserting such Part of the Destination as may be thought necessary, add] and to^the other Heirs specified and contained in a Disposition and Deed of Entail of the said Lanas executed by the Deceased E.F., bearing Date the Day of

in the Year, and recorded in the Register of Tailzies on the

Day of in the Year, [or in the said Disposition and Deed

of Entail dated and recorded as aforesaid, or in a Deed [or Instrument] recorded [specify Register of Saimes] upon the Day of in the Year J,

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 143, 144.

SCHEDULE (I.)

Notarial Instrument in favour of a Trustee in a Sequestrationt or of Liquidators of Joint

Stock Companies.

At there was, by [or on behalf of] A.B., as Trustee on the

sequestrated Estate of C. D., [or as Liquidator for winding up the (specify Name of Company)], presented to me, Notary Public subscribing, a Disposition [or other Deed or Instrument] [insert Date] recorded in the [specify Register and Date of recording], by which specify the Title or Series of Titles by which the Bankrupt held the Lands]; as also there was presented to me an Extract Act and Warrant of Confirmation in favour of the said A.B.t dated [insert Date] [or here specify the Appointment of the Liquidator or Liquidators, and the Date thereof ]. Whereupon, $v., as in Schedule (2?.)

SCHEDULE (K.)

Register, in Terms of Clause of Direction, on behalf of A.B.

[insert Designation, and, where necessary, add, along with Assignation hereon (or Assignations hereon) (or Writ of Resignation hereon) (or the Assignation or Assignations or Notarial Instrument docqueted with reference hereto) (or otherwise, as the Case may be)].

(Signed) A.B.

[or, C.D., W.S., Edinburgh,] [or, as the Case may be] Agent of the said A.B.

SCHEDULE (L.)

Clause of Reference to Conditions of Entail, , fyc. c.

[After the Description of the Lands insert] But always with and under the Conditions, Prohibitions, Declarations, Limitations, and Restrictions, and Clauses irritant and resolutive, [or Clause authorizing Registration in the Register of Tailzies, as the Case may be,] contained in a Disposition and Deed of Entail of the Lands of X.

[specify leading Name merely], and others, executed by the Deceased E.F., bearing Date the Day of in

the Year and recorded in the Register of Tailzies on the Day

of in the Year [or in the said Disposition and Deed of Entail

dated and recorded as aforesaid] [or in (specify Writ) recorded in the General Register of Sasines (or as the Case may be) upon the Day of in the

Year ].

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act to amend the Procedure and Powers of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes.

[28th August 1860.]

13 E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. It shall be lawful for the Judge Ordinary of the Court for Divorce and Matrimonial Causes alone to hear and determine all Matters arising in the said Court, and to exercise all Powers and Authority whatever which may now be heard and determined and exercised respectively by the full Court or by Three or more Judges of the said Court, the Judge Ordinary being One, or where the Judge Ordinary shall deem it expedient, in relation to any Matter which he might hear and determine alone by virtue of this Act, to have the

Assistance

jm

The Judge Ordinary may exercise Powers now vested in the full Court

Judge Ordinary may call in the Assist-

au

ance of One' of the other Judges.

Judge may direct any Matter to he heard by the fhll Court Appeal to the fall Court

Appeal to the Hotme of Lords;

Regulation of the Sittings of the full Court

22 & 23 Vict. c. 61. 8. 2. repealed.

Court may. where One 1'any only appears, require Counsel to be appointed to argue on the other Side.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 85. s. 45. amended.

Decrees.

..i28°}4il24^ttICWOIRIHr,

Assistance of One, other Judge of: the sjdd Co^rt, it shall beiawful foruthei Judgd Ondiorar^t to eit and act with such One other Judge accordingly, andy in c^jundtion with sneb ot^ Judge, to exercise all the Jurisdiction, 'Powere, and Authority 6fthe saidiGenrk rii iinbu

II. Provided always, That the Judge Ordinary may, where Ho siiall^eem nt'exjjie^eptl direct that any such Matter as aforesaid shall be heard and detei*mibed by the' Ifetf

and in addition to the Cases in which an Appeal tb the fuirCourt nqw^lies frorh^r Decision of the Judge Ordinary, either Party dissat istied with the Decision of such sitting alone in granting or refusing any Application -for a new l!i; ial which ty yirjue this Act he is empowered to hear and determine may, ' wUhiri Fourteen Days aftpr.^ prtmbuncing thereof, appeal to the full Court, whose Decision shall be final } ^0

III. Where there is a flight of Appeal to the Hovjse of Lords fronpL the Decwoa^jibe full Court there shall be the like Hignt of Appeal to the said House frofrf tKe I^eci^on of the Judge Ordinary alone, or with any other Judge, Under this' AcJt/ 1 ''''' lf;

IV. The Sittings of the full Court shall be holden during the Seventh and Five following Days of Sitting in each Term, and on such -4>ther Days as the Judge Ordinary, with the Assent of the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, shall from Time to Time appoint; an$ tb^ Jpdgef of thq Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer shall, by a Rota or otherwise, as thqy deyem most convepient* mafye Provision for the Attendance of thb requisiteNumber of^iich 1 Judgesto*^.nd^keVmi *the Judge Ordinary a full Court during such Sittings; and SectionJTwb of thei Adt tftVlast Session of Parliament; Chapter Sixty-one, shall be repealed.

V. In every Case of a Petiticm for a Difesolutton bf:Marriage it shsfll/b4 laif

Court, if it shall see fit, to direct alt necessary Papers in the Matter 1 to be betrt to Her Majesty's Proctor, who shall, hnder the Directions of the AttorneyGteheri

Counsel to argue before die CJburt1 any Question infrelfttion rtOlsi<ch: Matter, add ^hStSt^he Court may/deem it beeesshry or expedient to have fully argued; and Her shall be qptitkd to charge and be reimbursed the Costs of such Proceeding W^Part of the Expense of his Office. {i 1 1.

VI. And whereas by Section FortyLfi?e of the Act of the Session holden in the

Twentieth and Twentyffirat Years of Her Majesty; Chaptereighth-five, ittotos enacted, s that "In any Case in which the Court. should pre^oune^ a Sen^npe of Diyorc? Jjiidif ial s " Separation for Adultery of the Wife, if it shoqlcl ljq made appear tp jbe C.o

" Wife was entitle4 to any Property, either in possession or i?eYersipn, it stomet 93 4" for the, Court, if it should think proper, to prder auch Settlement ^s it

* . " reasonable to be .; made of such .Property, or *any Part fherpp/, for.

" innocent Party end of the Children of the Marriage, or either of them: Be jt enacted, That any Instrument executed pursuant to^ any, Order of ilm (^u^ the said Enactment before or after the paesing of this Act, at thq Tium |of ^a|ter pronouncing of a final Decree of Divorce or Judicial Separation shall .bAuepmj^ effectual in the Law, notwithstanding the Existence of the Disability of CbYf^ure at; the Time of the Execution thereof.

VII. Every Decree for a Divorce shall in the first instance be a Decree Niei; tiot foflib' made absolute till after rthe Expiration of such Time, not, ^ess than Thre? Months fipbmvt^e pronouncing thereof, ap the Court shall by* General or Special Qrclej from

direct; anil during that Period any Person shall vbg at' liberty, inTsuch Mjinnef 'fk& shall by General or Special'Order in that Behalf'; frpia [Time' to Time direct, jip yaijsej why the said Decree should not be made absolute by verson of the same, ha^ obtained by Collusion or by reason of material F acts not brought before the Cpii^f Cause being so shown, the Court shall deal with the Case by making the Decree ^fe^ or by reversingr the Decree Nisi, or by requiring further inquiry, or^'^therw^p Jqgi^cej may require; and at, any Time during the Progress of the Cause^or belpre is made absolute any Person may give Information to tier Majesty's Pib<itc^(

Matter material to the due Decision of the Case, who may thereupon take such Steps as the; I iii t o Attorney

23° i& 124" VIC ©ML, fel 144/145. C53

Attorney General may deem necessary or expedient; and if from any such Information or otherwise the said Proctor shall suspect that any Parties to the Suit are or have been acting in collusion for the Purpose of obtaining a Divorce contrary to the Justice of the Case, he may, under the Direction of the Attorney General, and by Leave of the Cpurt, intervene in the Suit, alleging such Case of Collusion, and retain Counsel and suSpu na Witnesses to prove it: and it shall be lawful for the Court to onh*r the Costs of such Counsel and Witnesses, and otherwise, arising from such Intervention, to be paid by the Parties or such of them as it shall see fit, including a Wife if she have separate Property; and in case the said Proctor shall not thereby be fully satisfied his reasonable Costs, he shall be entitled to charge and be reimbursed the Difference as Part of the Expense of his Office.

t; , , , _ I ((, j (. ., (. J, ' I J PI

, Vnr. This .'Act shall cox^tipue ip force uptil the Thirty-first £)ay of July idnc tliotjsand eight hundred anil sixty-ft\yo, pnd i>q longer., (, -;

CoHtUiob; '-w r.

v r.L

W; >}

MU '* ' *>*l

>v

J. !, -) p I (A

rn iiiiJ.

Cnotmww* >f of Act.

T . j *" I .....:- - r — x

v i* i 1 l > ' .....

- -; . I ' *['.)[*> i ' . ' . > 1 -.' > :j;

, ' (' A p. cxlv. '*/ *-y r i:r;

Act, to give to Trustees, Mortgagees, and others pertain; Power?.; pqyt inserted, in Settlements* Mortgages, and Wills.

- [28tly ^wgi/sM SGth]

f , :\^I|^{UjlAtS it is expedient that certain Powers and Provisions which it is post usmal ^9 insert in Settlements, Mortgages, Wills* atod other Instalments should be made 't incident to the Estates of the Persons interested, so ns to dispensei with the Necessity of ?Mjnsp$mg; the same/ip! Terms in every such Instrument:'; Be it enacted by the Queen*.* mpsjt Excellent iM^pty, by and with the Advice and Consent, of the Lords Spiritual and Tpfnppijal, :and Commons, ip this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: \A

Trustees empowered to sell may sell in Lots, and either by Auction or private Contract.

, PART L j . i ... .1 /

J Poiter* of Tiv&tees for Shle9 Srot} ]4md 't'r*steesofrentwubk Leaseholds.

il:T!"Trt fill Coses tvhere by any Will' Deed, Or othdir Instriintent of Settlement it is ex-^pssly j^cWed that Trustees or other Persons therein named or indicated shall have a PdWOt* jbf Side, tithe* generally. Or In any-particular Event, over any Hereditaments named Or^tefeMjd to ih or from Time to Time subject to the XJses or Trusts of such Will, Deed* orlhtW InstWunOnt, ' it shall be lahrful for such Trustees or other Persons, whether such H^tedrtntnents be vested in them or not, to exercise such Power of §alc by spying such H'^feditaments, eitlipr together or in Lots, and either by Auction or private Contract, anc[tither at One Time or at several Times, and (in case the Power sbafl expressly authorize dti Exchange) to exchange any Hereditaments which for the Time being shall be subject t(> the Uses or Trusts aforesaid for any other Hereditaments in England or Wales or in Ireland (as the Case may be), and upon such Exchange to give or receive any Money for Equality of; E^tiumga4.. i i % > .1.

IT. It shall . bC Tawful for the Persons making any such Sale Or Exchange to insert any Sale may be such Special or Other Stipulations, either as to Title or Evidence of Title, or otherwise, in1 made under any CixnditiOnS of 'Sale, or Contract for Sale or Exclmhge, as (lu^y shall think' nt>j'and alsp d^ons, and to bhy in the Hereditaments or any'Part thereof at any Sale' liy. lAqctton^a^d to ' restind' or Trustees may vafy ^any^"Contract for Sale or Exchange, iand to re-sell the Hereditaments w.^ich shall; be bll.v iu» &c-s6 bought in, 6* as to which the Contract shall, be so rescinded, without being responsiblft for iiny Loss which ihay be occasionea thereby, find nd Purchaser undpf any sutii Sale shall be boqhd to inquire whether the Persons making the same limy jOr may not have in contem plation any particular Re-anvestment of the Purchase Money in the Purchase of any other! HOtfedltaments or otherwise.

v.-. *'i .»a

, i«34 24 Vict.

4 0

III. For

Trustees exercising Power of Sale, &c. empowered to convey.

Monies arising from Sales, &c. to be laid out in other Lands;

or in Payment of Incumbrances.

Money arising from Sales, &c. not to be laid out, nor Lands exchanged, else where than in the Country in which Lands sold or exchanged are situated.

Until Purchase of Lands, &c. Money to be invested at Interest

Trustees of renewable

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 145.

III. For the Purpose of completing any such Sale or Exchange as aforesaid, the Felons empowered to sell or exchange as aforesaid shall have full Power to convey or otherwise dispose of the Hereditaments in question, either by way of Revocation and Appointment of the Use, or otherwise, as may be necessary,

IV. The Money so received upon any such Sale or for Equality of Exchange as aforesaid shall be laid out in the Manner indicated in that Behalf in the Will, Deed, or Instrument; containing the Power of Sale or Exchange, or if no such Indication be therein contained as to all or any Part of such Money, then the same shall with all convenient Speed be laid out in the Purchase of other Hereditaments in Fee Simple in possession to be situate in England or Wales or in Ireland (as the Case may be), or of Lands of a Leasehold or Copyhold' or Customary Tenure which, in the Opinion of the Persons making the Purchase, fre convenient to be held therewith or with any other Hereditaments for the Time being ,; subject to the subsisting Uses or Trusts of the same Will, Deed, or other Instrument Settlement in which the Power of Sale or Exchange was contained; and all such Heredita*. ments so to be purchased or taken in Exchange as aforesaid as shall be Freeholds of Inheritance shall be settled and assured to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, to{ which the Hereditaments sold or given in Exchange were or would have been subject, or as near thereto as the Deaths of Parties and other intervening Accidents will admit of, but not so as to increase or multiply Charges; and all such Hereditaments so to be purchase^ or taken in Exchange as aforesaid as shall be of Leasehold or Copyhold or Customaiji Tenure shall be settled and assured upon and for such Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and* with, under, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as shall as nearly may be correspond with and be similar to the aforesaid Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, but not so as to increase or multiply Charges, and so? that if any of the Hereditaments so to be purchased shall be held by Lease for Years tbq same shall not vest absolutely in any Tenant in Tail by Purchase who shall not attain the Age of Twenty-one Years; and any such Purchase as aforesaid may be made subject to any, special Conditions as to Title or otherwise s Provided that no Leasehold Tenement shall be purchased under the Powers herein-before contained which is held for a less Period than Sixty Years. IL

V. Provided nevertheless, That it shall be lawful for the Persons exercising any such. Power as aforesaid, if they shall think fit, to apply any Money to be received upon any Saler or for Equality of Exchange as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, in lieu of purchasing Lands^ therewith, in or towards paying off or discharging any Mortgage or other Charge or Incum-. brance which shall or may affect all or any of the Hereditaments which shall then be subject1 to the same Uses or Trusts as those to which the Hereditaments sold or given in Exchange^ were or was subject.

VI. No Money arising from any such Sale or Exchange of Lands or Hereditaments in

England or Wales shall be laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments situate elsewhere than in England or Wales, and no Lands situate in England or Wales shall, under any such Power as aforesaid, be exchanged for any Lands or Hereditaments situate eteewihere than in England or Wales; and no Money arising from any such gale or Exchange of L&nfUu in Ireland shall be laid out in the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments situate elsewhere i than in Ireland, and no Lands or Hereditaments situate in Ireland ahftll, under any et^ehi Power as aforesaid, be exchanged for any Lands or Hereditaments situate elsewhere th*Ri in Ireland.

VII. Until the Money to be received upon any Sale or for Equality of Excfaanjge a^j aforesaid shall be disposed of in the Manner herein mentioned, the same shall be invested ht1 Interest for the Benefit of the same Parties who would be entitled to the Hereditaments

be purchased therewith as aforesaid, and the Rents and Profits thereof in case such Purchase1" and Settlement as aforesaid were then actually made.

VIII. It shall be lawful for any Trustees of any Leaseholds for Lives or Years which are renewable from Time to Time, either under any Covenant or Contract or by Custom or usual

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 145. 657

usual Practice, if they shall in their Discretion think fit, and it shall be the Duty of such Leaseholds Trustees, if thereunto required by any Person haying any beneficial Interest, present or ma> reDew* future or contingent, in such Leaseholds, to use their best Endeavours to obtain from Time to Time a renewed Lease of the same Hereditaments on the accustomed and reasonable ^erms, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for any such Trustees from Time to Time to make or concur in making such Surrender of the Lease for the Time being subsisting, and to do all such other Acts as shall be requisite in that Behalf; but this Section is not to apply tp any Case where by the Terms of the Settlement or Will the Person in possession for his Life or other limited Interest is entitled to enjoy the same without any Obligation to renew tpe Lease or to contribute, to the Expense of renewing the same.

IX. In case any Money shall be required for the Purpose of paying for Equality of Money for

fxchange as aforesaid, or for Renewal of any Lease as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the e and

ersons effecting such Exchange or Renewal to pay the same out of any Money which may fo^ Renewal then be in their Hands in trust for the Persons beneficially interested in the Lands to be of Leases may foken in Exchange, or comprised in the renewed Lease, whether arising by any of the Ways and Means herein-before mentioned or otherwise, and notwithstanding the Provisions or gage' c' for the Application of Money arising from Sales or Exchanges herein-before contained; and if they shall not have in their Hands as aforesaid sufficient Money for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Persons to raise the Money required by Mortgage of the Hereditaments to be received in Exchange or contained in the renewed Lease (as the Qase may be), or of any other Hereditaments for the Time being subject to the subsisting tJses or Trusts to which the Hereditaments taken in Exchange or comprised in the renewed Lease (as the Case may be) shall be subject, and for the Purpose of effecting such Mortgage such Persons shall have the same Powers of conveying or otherwise assuring as are herein contained with reference to a Conveyance on Sale; and no Mortgagee advancing Money upon such Mortgage purporting to be made under this Power shall be bound to sec that such Money is wanted, or that no more is raised than is wanted for the Purposes aforesaid.

3L No such Sale or Exchange as aforesaid, and no Purchase of Hereditaments out of No Sales, &c. Money received on any such Sale or Exchange as aforesaid, shall be made without the Consent of the Person appointed to consent by the Will, Deed, or other Instrument, or if of Tenant no such Person be appointed, then of the Person entitled in possession to the Receipt of the for Life, &c. Rents and Profits of such Hereditaments, if there be such a Person under no Disability; but this Clause shall not be taken to require the Consent of any Person where it appears from the Will, Deed, or other Instrument to have been intended that such Sale, Exchange, or Purchase should be made by the Person or Persons making the same without the Consent of any other Person.

1 PART n.

.{ Powers of Mortgagees.

XI. Where any Principal Money is secured or charged by Deed on any Hereditaments of Powers incident ariy Tenure, or on any Interest therein, the Person to whom such Money shall for the Time to Mortgages, being be payable, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, at any Time after the Expiration of One Year from the Time when such Principal Money shall have become payable, according to the Terms of the Deed, or after any Interest on such Principal Money shall have been in arrear for Six Months, or after any Omission to pay any Premium on any Insurance which by the Terms of the Deed ought to be paid by the Person entitled to the Property subject to the Charge, have the following Powers, to the same Extent (but no more) as if they had been in Terms conferred by the Person creating the Charge; namely,

1st. A Power to sell or concur with any other Person in selling the whole or any Part of the Property by Public Auction or Private Contract, subject to any reasonable Conditions he may think fit to make, and to rescind or vary Contracts for Sale, or buy in and re-sell the Property, from Titne to Time, in Kke Manner:

4 0 2 2d. A

8s8

* lo ai-iwoT 1070DOJ h

, 7371'WjH 0l[fJ.jffJy,

oil* io ior odt <>j bo

/10r/f0^|0ri

1&4 &) a&VICTORI AS ciH"4£

rtflWF'fo %3^''hJn(f ^4riluI^froto litofatm'I^ftgei^friw^ ffeqtjror

"*'Rtft'oif -Hlfel^ksIhep^ffeedHajthellErBW^i^attj'j^W^iinttyi ftW^saikblB, rfM/'Wi^dilhe-PrWiiaLnlii^iH.ifm-M^ 8tto:>J^ii»^otftito s&ifWd'tCffthhfeftnte &nte«j>ddfot«rr*lr{ri(I o/(i ot holtijne nosioT iat#>ifftiato«1 'tip-lob&itP the1zilppoih taken! , ©£t*I KfttfciwT b&£«&8 and Profits of the whole or anyiPsrtqefc tbcruBn^ejrtgrt ItofWT-'tflfflf

iorfi 7(1 bi/onri'i 7'J vi (d hw.b.')'ttt\M tii baluioipp: 'i:)/io*j.oH v'iov^I .XX , ! 7 XlP^e&fyW1 1 itbioPiwmnp oturtPecsona 1 to

Mon<> earnPower Sale lereby conferred slirtll tie ^irffitfiimtiDls&feaiJgeg'itDvtlivjfiuEcbwerf/lwbft^hsW

cieZmZ^H wt<iM fomiitmeRtootoiAFDtwt'W RfmhFmkWiMmftn -no^i .rzx

.nomimtnoU n do^-mvoostadv, xM«nAm.A hm. — Writing

Subject tiPtopCHmifcsj rtty*; fbtitHvtfdtt"til<&to W&etinhdRctqi ed, the Title of tfoSI, Ptlifeh«s«^llalli; nrt W , VbW£°W, &efefJ?ise liuMllWiTOT

yum ivrt*y>il /jg -jo 7 .brsoam 'jd Receipts for Purchase Mone

Sale;

chaser relieved from Inquiry

aa to'pMMnt^i bb fedjl^itbibrf/iinpelttohediibn, the/ GW«Undi, (lv»ti W

* tanSeih°^! of<aachriPiarwbDjien/fat>ldoi istwh-(filotwa.tM .ftforeffu4, ito»4

---- :"J -

in professed Exercise of the Powers hereby confcrre<

Application

emP wv

eyelet

ifintiainBi bf lolljthenPfidc^rMonwaitl^idPBiiibr) ihHte lof'iuchi; Money to*llk«ft>»id>tt> rthiel Peswn

irge/biaHemk ExeoutoM, Admbwsirdfbrfiyor, lAttigft/ty af(, to MWJT PS- i^oidae , bn

to»P^d3% toiiyi; du^iutoioUji6«2^t fifty

ihJnkfeaB-agniiMtithdP^rwo ftftltihgtvji I 0di (lI f, -, xifK; V.dnd//) ayual') mil ni bobnbni

XIV. The Money arising by any Sale effected as aforesaid shall be applied^4ftp(, tht

npidp^he

. _ . iiw

IhqriHscfias , lieskllie)

iChai^e/ibw Heird, ExemrtoM,

t^70k; TNi^iniibA .simtirooxcl fo^L/sd'L'jr[j oi Ivujiue yrwricl or U ot

XV. The Person exercising 'the Power of Sale hereby conrerrea snail

- - srtysold, W^tHfe

ad rmK. to tlrtofefSHWlfy

shall be conveyed to and vested in the Purchaser by)doth Deed) io j>nit-..; xo nn viuoos o) io

XVI. At any Time after the Power of.rSftlfi hereby conferred shall have become exerciseable, the Person entitled to exercise infe same shall be entitled to demand and

x/w , uu reefer? ftottAV<l:Pcmm\ dwtitM' *d ''thqfisgfiertyi snbjt't» *havCh»r&e>\ att and

Conveyance of Documents in his Possession or Power .reltotiogbto the same Property, or to the Title k*1 jthttrotai whiehibis iiy)tdclib|^e!b«te«; tpf

otoue^h for- anCntnv9ypMe-of, the legal.E^atem*.^ wipp,

Conveyance to the Purchaser.

ot Ji/i'l ^iflT

ot ')T/; bl yrf fjos ibil'» .vgBsnoK

Owner of Charge may call for Title Deeds and

[Lots of junk removed.]

auoitjJl^HtR ^JprbpeXyjisllHft&l1sy?Bqst^*SiidfetOU9|)IWBft Trustees may

on 'li io

at their sole D^nkif^t, M^C^aidlmec^q^iofriuflh'^nU^.utlif^ for their Main.

applical provide for such Maintenance vwM XIX

"the tenance-

197X90951 9d Oj 1)301991; JfI9!^ A 9rif H .iogfi^tioH 9ifj

the

Provisions for Appointment of new Trustees, on Death, &e.

Appointment of new Trustees in Cases herein named.

Trustees Receipts to be Discharges.

Executors may compound, &c.

Tenants for Life, &c. may execute Powers notwithstanding Incumbrances.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 145 *

the Residue of such Income by way of Compound Interest, by investing the saineafii£the resulting Income thereof from Time to Time in proper Securities, for the Benefit^ of tbte Person who shall ultimately become entitled to the Property from which such AcCumulhtiOxb shall have arisen: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Trustees at any Tittle, if it shall appear to them expedient, to apply the whole or any Part of such AoounmlatMds as if the same were Part of the Income arising in the then current Year. *1 m

XXVII. Whenever any Trustee, either original or substituted, and whether appointed by the Court of Chancery or otherwise, shall die, or desire to be discharged fifem or refuse or become unfit or incapable to act in the Trusts or Powers in him reposed, befort the sritte shall have been fully discharged and performed, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persetis nominated for that Purpose by the Deed, Will, or other Instrument creating the Trust any), or if there be no such Person, or no silch Person able and willing to act, then for the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, or th6 acting Executors tir Executor or Administrators or Administrator of the last surviving and continuing Trustee, or for the last retiring Trustee, by Writing, to appoint any other Person or Persons to W, a Trustee or Trustees in the Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring charged, or refusing or becoming unfit or incapable to act as aforesaid; and so

new Trustee or Trustees shall be so appointed as aforesaid all the Trust Property (if any) which for the Time being shall be vested in the surviving or continuing Trustees or'Trdfoee, or in the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any Trustee, shall with all convenient Speed be conveyed, assigned, and transferred so that the same may be legally and effectually vested in such new Trustee or Trustees, either solely, or jointly with the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, as the Case may require; and every new Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as aforesaid, as well before as after such Conveyance or Assignment as aforesaid, and also every Trustee appointed by the Conrt of Chancery either before or after the passing of this Act, shall have the same Powers, Authorities, and Discretions, and shall in all respects act, as if he had been originally nominated a Trustee by the iWd, Will, or other Instrument creating the Trust.

XXVIII. The Power of appointing new Trustees herein-before contained iuav be exercised in Cases where a Trustee nominated in a Will has died in the Lifetime of the

Testator.

XXIX. The Receipts in Writing of any Trustees or Trustee for any Money payable to them or him by reason or in the Exercise of any Trusts or Powers reposed or vested in them or him shall be sufficient Discharges for the Money therein expressed to be received, and shall effectually exonerate the Persons paying such Money from seeing to the Application thereof, or from being answerable for any Loss or Misapplication thereof.

XXX. It shall be lawful for any Executors to pay any Debts or Claims u^on any Evidence that they may think sufficient, and to accept any Composition, or any Security, Real or Personal, for any Debts due to the Deceased, and to allow any Time for Payment of any such Debts as they shall think fit, and also to compromise, compound, or submit to Arbitration all Debts, Accounts, Claims, and Things whatsoever relating to the Estate of the Deceased, and for any of the Purposes aforesaid to enter into, give, and execute such Agreements, Instruments of Composition, Releases, and other Things as they shall think expedient, without being responsible for any Loss to be occasioned thereby.

PART IV.

General Provisions.

XXXI. For the Purposes of this Act, a Person shall be deemed to be entitled to the Possession or to the Receipt of the Rents and Income of Land or Personal Property, although his Estate may be charged or incumbered, either by himself or by any former Owner, or otherwise howsoever to any Extent; but the Estates or Interests of the Parties entitled to any such Charge or Incumbrance shall not be affected by the Acts of the Person entitled to the Possession or to the Receipt of the Rents and Income as aforesaid, unless they shall concur therein.

23' &l 24' VICTORIAE, ic. 145, 146,

XXXII. None of the Powers or Incidents hereby conferred or annexed to particular Offices, Estates, or Circumstances shall take effect or be exerciseable if it is declared in the JDeed, Will, or other Instrument creating such Offices, Estates, or Circumstances that they .shall not take effect; and where there is no such Declaration, then if any Variations or Limitations of any of the Powers or Incidents hereby conferred or annexed are contained in such Deed, Will, or other Instrument, such Powers or Incidents shall be exerciseable or shall take effect only subject to such Variations or Limitations.

XXXIII. Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to empower any Trustees or other Persons to deal with or affect the Estates or Rights of any Persons soever, except to the Extent to which they might have dealt with or affected the Estates or Rights of such Persons if the Deed, Will, or other Instrument under which such Trustees or other Persons are empowered to aot had contained express Powers for such Trustees or other Persons so to. deal with or affect such Estates or Rights.

XXXIV. The Provisions contained in this Act shall, except as herein-before otherwise

frovided, extend only to Persons entitled or acting under a Deed, Will, Codicil, or other nstrument executed after the passing of this Act, or under a Will or Codicil confirmed or revived by a Codicil executed after that Date.

XXXV. This Act shall not extend to Scotland.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act to amend the Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS Delays have occurred in preparing the Models of Measures, according to ? T* the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for regulating Measures used in Sales of Gas, and it is expedient to defer the Time when several of the Provisions of the said Act come into operation, and further to amend the same Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Except as to Things done before the passing of this Act under the Authority of the said Act, where in the said Act anything is required to be done within a specified Time after the passing of the same, such Time shall be calculated as if the Thirteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty had been the Date of the passing of the said Act: Provided always, that, notwithstanding anything in the said Act contained, the said Act shall not come into operation in any County of England until the Magistrates of such County in Quarter Sessions, or in any County in Scotland until the Commissioners of Supply of such County, or in any County of Ireland until the Grand Jury of such County, shall have Vfcsolved to bring such County under the Operation of the Act.

II. This Act and the recited Act shall be construed together as One Act, and all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred under the Provisions of either Act shall be sued for and recoverable in all Counties, Ridings, or Divisions in England and Ireland before Two or more Justices of the Peace at Petty Sessions, or before the Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any City, Borough, Town, or Place.

661

Powers, &c. hereby given may be negatived by express Declaration.

No Persons other than those entitled under the Settlement, &c. to be affected.

[Commencement of Act.]

Extent of Act

22 & 23 Vict. c. 66.

Calculation of Time specified in recited Act.

Construction of Acts, and Recovery of Penalties.

[Junk removed.]

An Act t/> amcn< 1 the Sjcveutb and Eighth l 'i< toria, Chapter»iSei*ei^#3^t Ifimi I>nj;

(28th August 1860.]

fclflltflO,

Provision* of L Any Debtor actually in Custody may petition, and his Petition shall be proceeded in, 7 & 8 Vict. according to the Provisions of the amid Act, mid wll thoflft 'Provisions touching the Consent ton^toUebton Creditors, the Meetings of Creditors, nnd the Authority of the Commissioners, shall be in Custody. applied to the Case of such Debtor Petitioner which have heretofore been applied to tho

Construction of Terms in this and recited Acts.

Petitions of Debtors not in actual CySfad)/' ) /I A \)

[Junk removed.]

to & 11 Vict.

c. 90.

Irish Poor Law OfctVmU sion furtl.er continued.

[Junk removed.]

mentioned Acts or either of them, pn^l jtfroiLVetJtyrthitll Day of One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and thenceforth until the fjnd of the then next Session of Parliament, and until thevbkqroitioro^iidicJ smd'Feriid tlpiftidl fe^ta#fUPTdrHW jfej&ty.'Hcr fidhv

remove the Commissioner or Commis-

[Junk removed.]

4 Contempt and taking Bills pro confesso, it was enacted, amongst tith^ '>l W. 4. c. 36.

and Regulations therein-after provided and contained should be adopted by the High Court of Chancery, and should from thenceforth become Orders and Rules of the said Court of Chancery, and be observed and enforood in and-fey the said Court; and it was by the Sixth of such Rules directed that if a Defendant, upon being brought before the Court upon an Habeas corpus, should make Oath (which should be administered to him by the Registrar, and he should be exiyninedJa pnen Court,) that he was unable, by reason of Poverty, to employ a Solicitor to pwdia «i/* Amswefr, 4he Court should thereupon refer it

, r k9$tww< <few

t lofTnwitn, Jiha thereupon The Court might make such Order as upon other WTiW^M tore under the Provisions therein-after contained; and by the h jfl thf# w ife^Thirt^hl^ofiyaj^/^/thlaSMtttiM

[Junk removed.]

thousand

m

23° & 24° VICTORIA, o. 149-

thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, Two of the said Masters should be Released, , ad ' that as often as in the Judgment of the Lord Chancellor any other Master or Masters ' could be spared it should be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to release any such Master or f Masters, and that when the Lord Chancellor should be of opinion that the ServiCefe of

none of the Masters were any longer necessary for the due Execution of thfe Busibetoflf

the said Court it should be lawful for him to release every remaining Master: And whereto

since the passing of the last-mentioned Act One of the Masters in Ordinary of the saSi ' Court ha9 died, and all the others have been released except Three, Two of whom ate

quite incapable from Ill-health of performing the Duties of their Office, and the othefbf whom is of advanced Age and very infirm, and has held the Office of Master in the Court 1 of Exchequer and the Court of Chancery for the Period of Thirty-nine Tears and

upwards: And whereas it has heen considered desirable for the better Dischaigb Of'ffie ' Business of the said Court that the Causes and Matters now remaining in the GffifeSrof ' the said Masters should he transferred to the Judges Chambers, and accordingly the Lord :C Chancellor, with the Advice and Assistance of all the Judges of the Court, has, by Order ' bearing Date the Twenty^third Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty,

ordered and directed that all Causes, Matters, and Things now depending before the Masters shall be proceeded with and prosecuted before the respective Judges of thO Court:

And whereas the only Duty now remaining to be performed by the Masters is that'bf ' visiting the Prison ae required by the first-recited Act* and it is expedient that they should ' be relieved from such Duty, and that some other Provision should be made for: the Performance thereof: And whereas it is also expedient that some further Provision should be ' made for the Relief of Prisoners in Custody for Contempt of the said Court: And whereas since the Date of the first herein-before recited Act various Alterations hbvt been ' made in the Practice and Procedure of the said Court, by reason whereof (Several of the ' Rules and Regulations contained in the same Act may require to be varied, and it is

expedient that the Lord Chancellor should have Power to make such General Orders as

may from Time to Time be necessary in that Behalf:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: T 1 '

: *- i

Masters d{s- I. The Masters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery shall be and they are hereby

charged from discharged froin the several Duties imposed on them by the said first-recited Act certain Duties.

II; In the last Week in January, in the last Week in April, in the last Weekin July, and in the last Week in October in every Year, the present Solicitor to the Suitors Fund, or in case of his Illness or unavoidable Absence, some Officer of the Court of Chancery to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time during such Illness or Absence, and after the Death or Retirement of the present Solicitor to the Suitors Fund, the Solicitor to the Suitors Fund for the Time being, or some other Officer of the Court of Chancery to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time, shall visit the Queens Prison, and examine the Prisoners confined there for Contempt, and shall report his Opinion on their respective Cases to the Lord Chancellor, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, if he shall think fit, to assign a Solicitor to any such Prisoner,

: not only for defending him in formA pauperisy but generally for taking such Steps on his Behalf as the Nature of the Case may require, and to make aU or any such Orders as the Lord Chancellor was empowered to make after the like Report of a Master under the Seventh Rule of the said first herein-before recited Act, and all the Provisions of the same Rule shall apply to the Reports hereby directed, and the Orders to be made thereunder.

.1

III. It shall be lawful for the Solicitor to the Suitors Fund or other Officer visiting the Prison as aforesaid to examine the Prisoners and all other Persons whom he may think it proper to examine upon Oath, And to administer an Oath or Oaths to any such Prisoner and other Persons accordingly, and to cause any Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of any Court of Law or Equity to bring and produce upon Oath before him

any

The Queen's Prison to be visited quarterly.

Prisoners and other Persona may be examined on Oath;

28° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 149.

a»y Records, Orders, Books, Papers, or other Writings belonging to the sdid Courts,

6r to Any of the Officers within the same, as such Officers.

t, IY. In all Cases where, iu pursuance of the said Sixth Rule contained in the first Court may iherein-before recited Act, a Defendant shall be brought to the Bar of the Courts, and jheh make Oath that he is unable by reason of Poverty to einplqy a Solicitor to put Poverty of jj#, hia Answer, the Court, if not satisfied of the Truth of that Allegation, may direct Prisoners.

Inquiry as to the Truth thereof, and may appoint a Solicitor to conduct such Inquiry pn the Behalf of such Defendant, and if it is ascertained by means of such Inquiry,

, if the Court is satisfied without such Inquiry, that such Defendant is unable by I reason of Poverty to employ a Solicitor to put in his Answer, the Court may thereupon, make $uch Order as is authorized by the said Sixth Rule after a Report by a

Expenses incurred for Prisoners and Pauper Defendants to be paid out of . r Suitors Fund,

- > --i r

1 V. When any Person shall be committed to any Prison other than the Queen's Prison Gaolers to under any Writ or Order of the Court of Chancery, the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison make Hearts m which such Person shall be confined shall, within Fourteen Days after such Person ^nor^f all shall have been in the Custody of such Gaoler or Keeper, make a Report to the Lord Chancery Pri-Chancellor, containing the Name and Description of such Prisoner, with the Cause an'd soner8 *

Date of his Commitment, and a Copy of the Writ or Order under which he was committed; and if such Prisoner shall make Oath before One of the Visiting Justices of sudh Gaol, or a Commissioner for taking Oaths in the Court of Chancery, that he is unable by reason of Poverty to employ a Solicitor, the Report shall contain a Statement to that Effect, and it shall thereupon be lawful for the Lord Chancellor to direct the Solicitor to the Suitors Fund to ascertain the Truth of such Statement, and if true tb take such Steps on behalf of any such Prisoner as the Nature of the Case may require; and the Lord Chancellor may thereupon, if he shall see fit, make such Order or Orders as he is empowered to make under the Second Section of this Act.

VI. The Solicitor to the Suitors Fund shall make the necessary and proper Payments out of Pocket which may be requisite in the Proceedings taken on behalf of the Prisoners and Defendants under the Order of the said Court, and shall be allowed the same as Part of his Disbursements in respect of the Suitors Fund: Provided that if any such Prisoner or Defendant shall be or become entitled to any Funds in the Clause, such Funds shall be applied in the Repayment to the Suitors Fund of the Sums expended on his Behalf as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any Prisoner or Defendant shall become entitled to any Costs in any such Suit or Proceeding, such Costs shall be received by the Solicitor to the Suitors Fund, and paid by him into the Suitors Fund. 1

VII. In consequence of the additional Duties under the Authority of this Act imposed Additional on the Solicitor to the Suitors Fund, there shall be paid to him such additional yearly

Salary as the Lord Chancellor shall from Time to Time direct, not exceeding the net Fond, yearly Salary of Three hundred Pounds, .such additional Salary to be payable out of the same Funds and in the same Manner as his present Salary is payable.

VIII. It shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, with the Advice and Assistance of the Power to make Master of the Rolls, the Lords Justices of the Court of Appeal in Chancery, and the Vice-Chancellors, or any Three of them, from Time to Time to make such General Rules and

Orders for regulating the Mode of Procedure regarding Commitments by the Court of Chancery for Contempt and taking Bills pro cohfesso, and for doing and effectuating any Acts or Proceedings which may heretofore have been required to be done by or under the Direction or through the Intervention of any of the Masters of the said Court, the doing and effectuating of which has not been already provided for, and generally for carrying the Purposes of this Act into effect, as may be found expedient.

IX. The Deeds, Books, Documents, and Papers belonging to the Suitors in the said Custody of Court which have been heretofore under the Custody of the said Masters in Ordinary shall

he transferred to the Custody of the Clerks of Records and Writs of the said Court, and late Master* William Worden, the present Office Keeper at the Offices in Southampton Buildings,

Chancery Lane, where such Deeds, Books, Documents, and Papers are deposited, shall have

[Junk removed.]

Clerks ol Record* and Writs, and shall hold such Office at the Pleasure of the faster

of the Rolls; and the said William Worden styijj receive in respect of the

upon him by this Act such additional yearly Salary as the Lord Chancellor shall from

yem y-miR* Time to Time direct, not exceeding the net yearly Salary of Eighty Pounds in addition to

owT oj bh; q his present Emolumenti as such Office Keeper, such arlditftofihldSdil^J<tf be paytobte> on the

4T*r> loioul. Thirdof Febmdtjf, the ThiPd Day*Mifff the Third DnyUf August, and the Third

(I ) ^n, v n* y^embef in every Year, out of the Fund standing in the Name of the Accountant

G^h^rhl of the CoUrt oTChancer}*; intituled Tho'Sttitors Fco Fuhd Ahcoufit, *? hind oh thi

Death, RetirettteM* ot* R^W(yTdl of tho sflid UFilliflin^ W&rdex it ^bafl He II^vfuEfbrithe

Master of the Rolls to appoint a Person to have the Care of such Deeds, Books, Documents,

and Papers at a yearly Salary not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to be payable out of the

Fund and at the Times last aforesaid,; md- on any Vacancy in such Office to supply such

Vacancy.

sacted in the Chambers rec Years last past to

Appointment of additional Chief Clerk to the Master of the Kolls.

X. And whereas, of the Master of

rcas, inconsequence of the Amount of Business transa of the Rolls, it has&^n /<£un& expedient for Thre

rmsT «>ilT

-nio'^Iijqojeiq'l i^noiasim -ui ol mo fit* .shubj

cm

Mm

Bla#<rl, e'n

powered to seek Compensation.

[Junk removed.]

Chief Clerks

(appointed

* taeeiftdofqA

By whom <trders onder this Act are to be made.

id inary:

filter of the Rolls by reason of the final Discha^fe^fN

expedient tlwl, stuck it theficfpre

Mr. Jokii Arthur LhuMey ii}

Master of the Rolls wutoljbp SpJajy Jflt if'TO ftstf

cellor shall tlnuk fit; nnA i^h

Mr. Buckley as an additional Clerk to the Office of any One of the Vice Chancellors* '

such Time as he shall think fat any *StSt^J

[Junk removed.]

in Ordinary

\«irtout

[Junk removed.]

the said John Elijah Blunt' had not^ jt

[Junk removed.]

XII. A3 regards the Chief Clerks of all the fudges of tie "said Court appplp^e41^fc the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and those* to be sfiilPlafibiw fWWrHlU 'BJWd^itftuwflot^f fhi/shklb^oHhAlk^ t/6pon 9M^fefieS'in1 'ttfe' yfirfyL<rtuMh Sictfeaibf^tlw snid'A

[Junk removed.]

Directktfis are to

o oe made or given by the Lorn Chancell

jord Keeper or Lords Commissioners

[Junk removed.]

Archbishop of Dublin in manner in the said Act or herein provn

[Junk removed.]

Increased Salary may be paid to Two Junior Clerks to each Chief Clerk.

[Junk removed.]

If Two Commissioners appointed, One only to be a paid Commissioner.

As to Entries of Proceedings at Meetings of the Board.

[Junk removed.]

m 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 150.

exceeding the Sam of Three handled Pounds per Annum as the said Commissioners shall from lime to Time, with the like Consent as aforesaid, think fit to allow for the Expenses of his Office, and also in lieu of all Costs, Charges, Fees, and Emoluments whatsoever now payable or authorized by Law to be paid to such Solicitor or Attorney, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Sum shall be paid to such Solicitor or Attorney on account of any Disbursements or Expenses as aforesaid unless approved by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, before whom the Particulars of all such Disbursements or Expenses shall be laid.

Power to grant VI. It shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, tio^Allowance ^ey 80 think fit, on an Application for that Purpose under the Common Seal of under th^Au^ Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland, and signed by at least Three of the said thority of the Commissioners assembled at a Board held in pursuance of a Notice specially given for TreasurJ- such Purpose, to grant to any of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners receiving or who shall hereafter receive a Salary for his Services as such Commissioner, or to any Clerk or Officer of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners who shall have been or who shall hereafter be duly appointed by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, such Superannuation Allowance as the said Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall think proper to direct: Provided always, that such Commissioner, Clerk, or Officer shall have faithfully and diligently discharged the Duties of such Commissionership, Clerkship, or Office for a Period of not less than Twenty Yeara, or shall, from Age or Infirmity of Body or Mind, he permanently disabled from further discharging such Duties; provided also, that in ascertaining and awarding the Amount of such Superannuation Allowance for any Clerk or Officer the said Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall take into their Consideration the entire Period during which any such Clerk or Officer shall have been employed under the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, whether such Employment shall have been in any One or more Office or Offices, and all such Allowances as shall ]>e so awarded and granted under / V the Authority aforesaid shall be paid and payable by the said Ecclesiastical Commissionare for the Time being out of the Funds by Law vested in them, and shall be charged and chargeable thereon and payable thereout during the Term of the natural Life of the Commissioner, Clerk, or Officer to whom the same shall be granted, or during auch shower Term as the said Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall at the Time of

... .; awarding the same direct.

Ecclesiastical VII. Whenever any Application shall be made to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for

SmiweredDto* hehnd, for the building or rebuilding of any Parochial Church, or any Parochial Chfipel of advaDce^Funds Ease, or District Church or Chapel, in any Parish or Parochial District, wherein tW, for providing Number of Inhabitants being Members of the United Church of England and Ireland shall of WoreWlaCeS not *n JudSment ^e said Commissioners be such as to require such Church or ° ° p* Chapel to be immediately built or rebuilt, Or the then existing State of the Funds at the

Disposal of said Commissioners shall render it impracticable or inexpedient, according to V", 11, '!; ' [their Judgment, to appropriate a Sum sufficient for the Erection of such Church or Chapel, j /. n 'then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, out rfi J; : the Funds in their Hands or at their Disposal, to expend such Sum as may be necessary

r^-jfbr the Erection or Alteration and Repairs of any House or other Building in the said Parish or Parochial District, as the Case may be, which the said Commissioners may deem ' ° sufficient and proper for the Accommodation of the Persons likely to attend Divine Worship '

therein, or to hire, purchase, or otherwise obtain the Use of any such House or other:

Building until the Funds in the Hands or at the Disposal of the said Commissioners shall be sufficient to enable them to erect a suitable Church or Chapel in such Parish or Parochial, District, as the Case may be, and also to expend such Sums as shall be necessary for fitting-}

; ..), iUp, furnishing, and keeping in repair such House or other Building, and to supply the 1: Several Matters and Things requisite for the Performance of Divine Worship therein, in like '

Manner as the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners are now empowered and required to do in ' Consent and relation to Churches and Chapels: Provided always, that previous to the Expenditure of '

ftheOrtU11 ai^ at the Disposal of the said Commissioners for the Erection or Alteration 1

nary to be ob- and Repairs of any such Building as aforesaid, or for the Purchase, Hire, or fittingnip atfd tained. furnishing of any such Building, the said Commissioners shall obtain the Consent' aed

Approbation

23°; & 24? VICTORIAE, c. 150. 660

pmrohation in Writing under the Hand of the Bishop or Ordinary of the Diooeee in which suca Building is proposed to be erected or fitted-up and used for the Celebration of Divine Service therein; and that without such Consent and Approbation first had and obtained, no such Building as . aforesaid shall be erected or used for the Celebration of Divine Worship by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners.

VIII. It shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland, their Architect Commissioners or Architects, or any Person or Persons employed by them, by and with the Consent in empowered to Writing of the Bishop of the Diocese in which any Church, Chapel, or Churchyard shall foMhfpur- be situate, or of his Commissary, at all convenient Times to enter any Church, Chapel, poses of Reef Churchyard for the Purpose of executing any Works for building, rebuilding, enlarging, P*1 *

or repairing such Church or Chapel, or fencing or maintaining such Churchyard, or for the Purpose of inspecting and ascertaining the State of the Fabrio of such Church or Chapel, as well previous to the Commencement of such Works as during their Progress, and with such Consent as aforesaid to make and execute such Alterations and Repairs in any such Church, Chapel, or Churchyard as may appear to said Commissioners to be necessary or expedient; and the Inoumbent and Church Wardens or Chapel Wardens of anj such Church or Chapel shall and they are hereby required, upon the Application of the said Commissioners having such Consent as aforesaid, to permit the atria Commissioners and their Architects, or any Person or Persons employed by them, to enter such Church,

Chapel, or Churchyard for any of the Purposes aforesaid at all such Times as they shall require. <. 1

IX. From and after the passing of this Act the Provisions of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-seven, and of the Fourth and,

Fifth Years of the said Reign, Chapter Ninety, relating to the Recovery of Satisfaction and Amends for any malicious or wanton Demolition, Burning, Firing, or Injury or Damage, to any Church, Chapel, or other Building used for Religious Worship according to the Usage of the United Church of England and Ireland, are and shall be deemed and taken to b*e of foil Force and Effect, anything in the Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the said Reign, Chapter One hundred and sixteen, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

i

X. In any Indictment, Information, Action, Suit, or Proceeding, whether Criminal or Civil, relating to Furniture, Lamps, Sconces, Fittiqgs, Cushions, Bibles, Prayer Hooka, or any other Matter required for the Celebration of Divine Service in any Church or Chapel ih Ireland, for the Supply of which the Funds vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners fort Ifeland are or shall be applicable, by virtue of any Law or Statute now in force, or here7 after to be made, it shall be sufficient to describe the same as the Property, Goods, and Chattels of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland.

XI. It shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to alter the Form or Structure of any Parochial Church or Chapel in Ireland, or of any other Church or Chapel which has been or shall be hereafter built or maintained by or out of the Funds vested in the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland, or to remove, take down, destroy, or alter the Position of the Reading Desk, Pulpit, or Pewing of any such Church or Chapel as aforesaid, or the t Walk or Fences of any Churchyard belonging thereto, without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such C&orch or Chapel is or shall be situate, or of his Commissary.

1XII. In every Case in which it shall become necessary and lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners Commissioners for Ireland to rebuild, alter, or repair any Church or Chapel or Churchyard, ^"terua^of^ or any Part thereof, and for that Purpose to take down or remove any Part of the Fabric or church to effect Materials of the Church or Chapel, or the Walls or Fences of the Churchyard, it shall be "Repairs, lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners to use and employ and otherwise to make' available Such of the old Materials of the said Church or Chapel, or of the Walls or Fences 1 of the said Churchyard, as may be fit and proper for the Purpose of such Rebuilding, Alteration, or Repair, and to remove, convert, and sell, or otherwise dispose of the Remainder of such Materials, and such Parts thereof as may be useless for the Purposes aforesaid, as in

their

Commissioners may recover Compensation for malicious Injuries to Churches by Grand Jury Presentment

Furniture of Churches r vested in Com- t mfssioners.

Form and Fabric of Churches, See. built or maintained by the Commissioners, not to be altered without Consent of the Bishop, &c.

— /v

Burial of Head Bodies within any Church or (Thapef, or within 1ST Feet of the outer Walls thereof, unlawful.

Burial in arched Vaults under Church or Chapel, &c. lawful

Mines.

Where Mines have been demised.

Where Mines have not been demised.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 159.

. y

their Judgment shall seem Lest, ' and in case of the Sale of the said Materials, to apnly the Produce of the same towards reimbursing the Expenses) of such Rebuilding, AlteVatum, or Repair. ., r

XIII. From and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to bury any Dead Body wShih the Walls of any Church or Chapel \n lrehm} qr of any Church, Aisle, Room, or Place belonging to and undei' the same Roof with surii Church or Chapel, or within Twelve Eoefc of the Outside of the Walls of any Church or Chapel; and it shall not be lawful for any< Eoelesintstfeal Person to perform the Btjjial Service at the Interment of any Deadi Body which shall be buried within the Walls of any Church or Chapel in Ireland, or of any Church, Aisle, Room, or Place thereunto belbnjjrag, or within Twelve Feet of the Qtitaide of the Walls of any Church or Chapel ip Trctynd; Provided always, that nothing hereinm contained shall prevent the burying in any arched Vault built under any Church or Chanel, or under any Chancel, Aisle, Room, or Plaice thereunto belonging, where the only Door to such Vault opens on the Outside of the Walls of such Church or Chapel, or of such Chancel, Aisle, Room, or Place thereunto belonging; and any Person who shall, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, bury any Dead Body within the Walls of any Church or Chapel, or of any Chancel, Aisle, Room, or Place belonging to and under the same Roof with such Church or Chapel, or within Twelve Feet of the Outside of the Walls of any Church or Chapel, and every Ecclesiastical Person who shall perform the Burial Service at the Interment of any Dead Body which shall be buried within the said Limits, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Civil BiH by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland.

XIV. From and after the passing of this Act whenever Application shall beiuodabyt Tenant kidding any Lands or Premises by Lease or Contract from any Archbishop, Bishop or other Sole Ecclesiastical Corporation in Ireland, or from the said Ecclesiastical sioners for the Purchase of the Fee Single and Inheritance of such Lands or Prfeiupes, pursuant to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Temporalities of the Churro m Inland, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and tfcejt are hereby required, in addition to the several other Matters which they are by the Provisions of the Acts now in force authorized or required to ascertain previous to the Conveyance of such Fee Simple and Inheritance, als6 to; ascertain whether any Mines or any Quarries of garble or Slate shall have been opened or discovered within

said Lands or Premises; and if any such Mines or Quarrida shall have beert opened or discovered, then to asce?taha whether the saint shall have been demised to any Person hr1 Persons, or comprised in or mode the Subject of any Contract for a Lease oi4 Demise thereof j "

- I i!< I

XV. If it shall be ascertained that any such Mince or Quarries have been t demised to

any Person or Persons, or made the Subject of any Contract for a Demise thereof, the H shall not be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners to execute or qffix fhpir Common Seal to any Conveyance of the Fee Simple and Jnherkance of the Lands or Premises comprised in the Application of such Tenant as aforesaid, on, within, or under which such Mines or Quarries as aforesaid shall have been opened or discovered, unless the said Mines, or Quarries, together with all Minerals, Marbles, or Slates, and all Other Issues, Profits, or Advantages.to be derived therefrom, shall be first ex6epted out of the said Converge*] and the usual and necessary douses inserted therein for securing to the Arehbi^Dhlu^ or other Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole, or to the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners/^ Case may be, and their respective Agents, Lessees, Workman, and aM other Pei^ni to be appointed by them respectively, full Powers to enter and work said Mines or Quafrfe, and take and carry away the Produce and Profits thereof. J.

XVI. If, in case of any Apjilication by any such Tenant as aforesaid, it shall,

tained that no such Mines or Quarries shall have been opened or discovered wlthm, under any Portion of the Lauds or Premises comprised in such Application, qr t%t jfleh, .; Mines or Quarries shall have been opened or discovered, but that the same shall pqt been demised to any Person or Persons, or made subject to any Contract for

22.

f.t

iiji.

«RS»

671

.rfUjIWenM

J/i *. ft <*.

*; v9' 15Ql i - f v^n; - '

t^ene^t^n It' (f^vful>fo^. acud/ Bcotesketifcirti©^ fefer^-kftet

provided, to include such Mines or Quarries in the Grant or Conveyance of the said Lanas

or Premises. «, ! M, m !,

XVII, It shall not be, lawful for thd sslid Commissioners to execute or affix their .....

Common Seal to'such GjHant or Conveyance nalast aforesaid/unless the^e be a'pfb^er CLuse

or Clauses inserted therein, providing that (over and above The Rfctft WhiillHihd'e^'ttie^ Wo!-visions of the Acts, herein-before mentioned, or any of them. is required to be reserved) an additional Benf* shall become payable to the Archbishop, Bishop, or other Eedlesi&stical Corporation, Spfe, , pr to, the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, as the Ghsd'mny bfe, in the event, of such Mines or Quarries being at any future Time opened and worked, or any Profit or Produce being, derived therefrom, and which Rent shall be equivalent to One Moiety of any Royalty pr other Rent which shall be reserved by or under any Contract of Lease which the Tenant of $aid Lands and Premises, his Heirs or Assigns, shall at any Time or from Time tp Tiine^hereafter make or execute with or to any Person or Persons who shall undertake the opening or working of such Mines or Quarries; and in ctfse such Tenant, Iris Heirs.or Assigns, shall not make '*or execute any stich Contract or Lease as aforesaid, but snail by himself or themselves, and his or their Agents or Workmen, open and work the said Mines or Quarries, then the said additional Rent shall be equivalent to Onp Mpiety; of the Royalty. Rent heretofore usually reserved by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners in Leases of Mines or Quarries of alike Nature and under like Circumstances, and shall be subject to be increased or diminished at the Expiration of Twenty-one Years from the Time when the same shall first become payable as aforesaid, according to the '

Increase or Diminution of the Net Profits or Produce which shall be derived froM Jthe Worktngof such Minc3 or Quarries, and shall be subject to a like Variation at the Expiration of each strccessi^e Period; of Twenty-one Years.

/ -f iff?* *ri'(iU, q ' J

XVIII. In case any Difference Of Dispute shall at any Time arise between Such Tenant, ' Arbitrators to hjs Heirs or Assigns, and such Archbishop, Bishop, - oW other Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole^ case oflbfute or the said Ecclesiastical Goimiiissloudrs, os the Case rntty he, in relation to such additional CaSL ° lspute* fieiyLior the Variation thereof, suohDifihreriea »or-.Diiput(^ shall be settled by the Three

T i t ma 4 r\ V\ r\ n«\i-va i n t ai 1 ft v\ 1 ilr a -TV'ff a n vi rMi «- #1 I U a 4 U /\ Kl-A T . A. JwiL «\vii M 1)1} i.

Differences Ijet.wepn.^he^ftid Lciolasi/lstioat'GoWmibrionwft and !T$nantS'Of Lbsiecs applying for the Pqrcy^epf uoderithedaid Act, and tviHi the ktrinfifities,

so. pffcff wG'fiyiftQ ye-tpplmhlei ftmj fther.J^tetnriHatkwv odf fetidh ArtnWWdfs Ws 'IB' the1 Amount of such additional Rent or the Variation thereof, and all Matters incident tllefito, shall be conclusive and binding on all Persons, and tlm Expense of .su^h Arfi^tyfitlfn. ^bidl

he1 bbrne ^d«defrayed; by'fei^h!Te^6ri, 6v Pif^ons^'bctjm SLicn/Alimnea- such Aiffiri'nftora

ii wl iwiliw > vuulo J

,; in aloq w n| fc I Wt4*ilitiit» ) ljnrtHiil- .Kkl W i'>t nn,

XIX. Frojtp; lanil nifjt^r the passing!*of tliL AoW'evdry Estate held by Lease or Dcffiise Any Estate held

lio*-1. ill -I r. —, _, 1 i l. .1 IT* . , 1 i.* 1 A 11 H 1 ..... -liL L l* T -1 . T)_ liv I oner. imme.

f9«ll/ 4i9li 7f

tlwi 9/ftif tjwhtHb

stoners under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament Len t<T iv made, 6r of ai y A i-stateofTn

Parliament which may hereafter be made, or otherwise howsoever, shall, for all Purposes heritance, 0&c?" 1 el *' {] *' + t . /. n n. i n ./« n i — /] r 9* .1__, — < et«. r. .1. !n _ w... f n 11., i i

relating to the Rpi\tcharge creiitedsin lieu of Tithes or Composition for 'Fithes, be deemed and taken fp.b^ yquivalci\t :tp a perpetiiaLLstiteior Interest.

or Portions of Tithes heretofore held jointly with Land* Time, and Aow in full Force1* and Effect, and which have

Ih all Cases whe^ Tithes by Leases, renewed from Time to

Empowering the Renewal of ft

} rncqiAqqp^ Jt __________Tr_______

so disappropriated have been ox shall be united, aild for the E©cleBiasti«al Commis-Ttm rs for IMinuty and lie and they are hereby required, on the Application of the respective Lessees, 23 & 24 Vict. ' 4 Q Assignees,

(fl3° .& miVIdTHRI fi; A ISO.

Assignee^ Or Tenantsofsuch Tithe *, and Lands, TaneHisnta^o* HeredittrneaUj te feooept 1 a Srtvifeiider Of the subsisting Leaaeof the iajtme> and t» demise' anew1 the said Tithes and ' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein comprised. for took like.Term on*fatesest^faa -shall have been granted therein by the Lease so surrendered, or as the Archbishop.T&hnp,

dr other Eodesiastifeal Persoh1 who formerly held the same, shall hare had the Potheriof granting'or demising previously to each Disappropriation, reserving by aueh new Lease Hie wlmial Kent or Rents theretofore reserved out of said Tithes, Lands, Tenements, or, Hereditaments by the Lease so surrendered, and receiving for and in consideration of, tasking j, z such new Lease Payment of such Fine as may be equal to the average Amount oLKenewal Fines theretofore paid or payable for the; Renewal of the Lease or interest in . sn<nt Tithes,

>, - Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; such anttualKent or Rents and average Amount of 1 | Renewal Fines to be ascertained, by such and the, like Means as by the isaid, , re<li ted''Acta

provided in Cases of Renewals made by the said Ecclesiastical CofornissiotifereXOTlV^MfiPof Leases of Lands theretofore belonging to a Bishopric, and subject to ffte like Rrd'raiBtis, Restrictions, and Limitations as in the said Acts contained ih relation to such last-mentioned Renewals of Lands by said Commissioners; and it shall and may be lawful for the respective Tenants, Lessees, or Under-tenants of any such Tithes, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so disappropriated to apply to the Incumbent of the Benefice to which same shall have been so united, and also to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for' Ireland, for thfe PAtehW4'of l - a Perpetual Estate or Interest in any such Tithes, Lands, Tenements, ., on /Hereditaments :theretofore leased, in like Manner as .such Tenants, Lasses, or UpdeD-fonante-reepcctjyely could or might have applied to the Bishop of the Diocese and to the 11 " - -m: missioned, by virtue of the said Acts relating to -Temporalities of the, Church in \ZWnafoor

j '' any of them, iaCases of Lands, Tenements, or-Hereditaments/; and imcaao of ei^TAp§K-

, cation; all such and the > like, Proceedings shall be, had. for the Purchase of a P actual

Estate! and Interest in. such Tithes, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so disapprppthted as. aforesaid/ as by the said, Afcta, or-any of them, are-prescribed in case, of an Application for the Purchase of the .Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in. any Lands belonging, to any Bishopric, save, that, in such Case the Incumbent of the respective Benefices to which each Tithes, .Lands; Tenements^ or Hereditaineptei shall have jbeen so united shall, ip aU sack Proceedings, be substituted for and in the Place of the Bishop of the Diopeae from which said Tithes ,; Lands, Tenements, or Heredithmentn:shall have been disappropriated, i

Further Divi- XXI. Whenever any Division of Ldncls or Premises taken place Or shaHhieilfter J'"of *nt* take place, and the yearly Rent or Rents have been or shall be divided and apportioned of Lands .under the Provisions' of the Act of the Third and Fourth William the Fourth, Chanter Thirty-seven, and a further Division of any Part of speh Lands and Premised shall rake place, it shall be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, if they see fit sO tti do, to make a further Division and Apportionment of the Rent so previously apportioned Upon *> i , such Part of the said Lands and Premises, in the some Manner and i subject w thg same

':Terma and Conditionsas thoseupon and under which-the former, Division aod.Appmrt^n-

' - Uatent WM-madei i 5/[, >

Sub-tenants XXII. From and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Under-tenant of any «mpove«d to' Land's or Premises held by Lease From any Archbishop, Bighop, or other Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole in Ireland, or' from the Ecclesiastical Commisponers torlreTand, shall, 9p^d to iiir-j be authorized, under the Provisions of the Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of /"bMjojpfe? 'King ll'Jlliam the Fourth, Chapter Ninety, to'apply foi* the Purchase of1 the Tee Simple a nations, Inheritance of the Lands and Premises hfeld by such Under-tenant, and shall' make Application therefor in manner therein prescribed, then and in every such Case, in addition to the Notice in Writing which such Under-tenant is n'ow, under the Provisions ' of the said Act, obliged to serve on the said' Ecclesiastical Commissioners, hotif$'fij* his Desire to purchase the Fee Simple and Inheritance'of the said Lands and Premises, dntt the other Notices by the said Act required to be served, he shall fumishthe said Commissioners with ah Extract or Extraits'from the Valila^on nbW in progress or'pring madeufidOtthe Several Acte relating to the1 Valuation of Rateable Property irt Ireland ', provided sqch .Valuation shall have, been then extended to the Lands and Premises held by sudh Uhdfer'-teuant as Aforesaid, showing the annual Value and other Particulars therein contained1 relAtite to

the

<23P & 2»°lMIClTDHI«i AISO. i<t7&

r the LfMids tandi iPifembdB held foy such Under Reliant as (aforesaid) and also iheannual Value i and other Particulars in the said Valuation contained relative to the whole of the Lauda-und

- Premises held by the First or immediate Tenant through oc under whom such Uuderntenatit [shall hold, either mediately or immediately, and also the annual Value or other Particulars in the said Valuation contained relative to the several Portions of the said Lands and f Premises held by any other Tenants or Tenant intermediate between such First or immediate Tdnant as aforesaid and such Under-tenant applying to purchase the Fee Supple of the Lands

. rati Premises held by him as aforesaid. j, t.

l*. ^&JIX Unless and until suqh Extracts from the said Valuation shall be furnished to pr No Purchase t1eft at ffie Office of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners in the City of Dublin, by the ^e^place lender-ten ant applying for the Purchase of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any such nation being

- I^ands and Premises as aforesaid, in any Case where such Valuation shall have (been extended furnished, to ffie said Lands and Premises, it shall not be lawful for the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners to treat, contract, or agree with such Under-tenant for the Purchase of such Fee Simple and Inheritance; nor shall any Application for such Purchase be deemed or taken

as having any Preference or Priority over a subsequent Application by any other Undertenant of such Lands and Premises, but shall be deemed and taken to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had never been made.

XXIV. Whenever any Application for such Purchase as aforesaid shall be made toi the Surveyors . said Ecclesiastical Commissioners by any Under-tenant entitled as aforesaid to make the

'fcairie, and who shall also furnish to the said Commissioners, or leave at their 'Office > in the mi^ners City of Dublitiy such Extract or Extracts from the said Valuation as aforesaid, then it shall empowered to and may be lawful for any Valuator, Surveyor, or other Person or Persons who shall be ^n^and J Employed by the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for the Purpose of ascortaining the premises.

: Several Matters and Things necessary to be ascertained for the Completion of the Purchase of the Fee Simple aftd InheritaUce of the Lands and Premises so held by such Under- "tenant as aforesaid, rind who Shall1 be duly authorized by the Said Ecclesiastical Ctatfnris-! Sioners So t6 do ih Writing, under the Hand of their Secretary^ to enter into and upon all 1 Or any Part of the Lands and Premises held by such Under-tenant, or of the Lamls rind t! 'Premises comprised in the Lease of the First Or immediate Tenant'through or under whom such Under-tenant shall hold as aforesaid, at all reasonable and convenient Times; aid to do M aU Things necessary for the Purpose of making a Valuation of such Lands and Premises, T I and ascerfoiffing the several Matters and Things necessary to be ascertained in order to .; ' ,

enable ffie saiuEcclesiastical Commissioners to determine the Amount of the Purchase ?j r

Money to be paid for such Fee Simple and Inheritance as aforesaid, and the Amount of 1 " f

(1, thie perpetual annual Rent and Rentcn*ige or Rentcharges subject to which the same is to

, be conveyed*:

XXV. It shall' and may be lawful for the said Eccleskstical Commissioners to serve Ecclesiastical

N6tice*in Writing upon an Under-tenant making such Application as afore&atkh and Upon Commissioners the First or immediate Tenant through or under whom such Under-tenant shall hold as °"

aforesaid* and als^ upon any other Tenant or Tenants intervening between the /First or Sub-tenants immediate Tenant and such Under-tenant applying to purchase ffie Fee Simple and Inheri- applying for tanqe of the, Lands and, Premises held by him as aforesaid, requiring such Under-teqant

and such intervening, Tenant or Tenants respectively to furnish to the said Commistionprs, MediateTehant, or deliver at thpir Officqin ffie City of Dublin, within a reasonable Time to he mentioned a^anyriT3^er" in such price. Copies of ffie respective Leases under, which they hold, or such Extracts or v n$ /Tnant-_ Particular^ therefrpm as shall be specified or required by such Notice; and thereupon /each , /y

, such Tenant or Under-tenant having any such Lease or Copy. thereof/ iu his Custody,

, Power* or Procurement, shall and they are hereby required to, furnish such Copies, Extracts,

, or Particulars as the Gasp may he, in pursuance of such pud in, case of any *such

Tenant or Under-tenant, neglecting pp to Ao- for ffie Space of Two Months aftep the Time mentioned in such Notice, it shall be lawful for ffie Court of Queer's Bench ip Ireland to direct a Writ of Mandamus, or any other Writ that may be necessary, to any ^uch Tenant or Under-tenant, to enforce Compliance with the said Kotice, and compel ffie Production of such Copies, Extracts, or Particulars as aforesaid, apd such Tenant or Under-tenant shall / 4 Q 2 pay

m

Sections 160 & 161 of 3 & 4 W. 4. c. 37. repealed.

Notice of Period at which Leases hre renewable to be served oil ^Tenant.

I

* I

mi So c6\W.

paynftll tlienOostel rind JBapej^ds [incurtad.by *tk& saidt Ecoteaaafeical i Gottutiawenerd ia Aiich

PnOtfejil^Si'i! ii> '<1 i; <:11 llnil-, I >>11 > i: *> O' '-'ii! i '1 im >iu 1 *'ih li in ["'m i /. ill i 1' i- 11' 11>

XXVI.'1 Ifrom'rinil afref the ' '; , i* hundred

Third and ]

isTiall he1 and the same dre' hereby'^cpeated^ah(J11£ ' shall jand may|be^a\y^ul for^hd'sa^ Ecclesiastical Commissioners, and they are hereby required, so Soon as conveniently may be after thp, pa#pmg bf thisiA^ini^peptj.oCnllLfind? Md Pramise^ndw tl^ip/ii^der

the PMyiaioftft of; the Apte, relating itp the X^potalities of; itheiChuflch/Mt <& any, of

them»; *md id, respect #f, aU tt^aqdajand Prardi^ea jiereafterito become .vested W the Prpviaiop^fthe^fddl Acts orany^f then^qc ofdny Act f^hich shall be l^r^after' within|Six/C&ten^ onTTipae§i\yb^ wwh jLandf a^d Preipises prthp

Reypnsion, thereof have ibqqom* yqst^in the md Commi^mitt^ wdffetcvwvp

at what; Period^.or- Intervsd* ah and, every , th${ respective; looses pr Instrument# of Demise whereby anyjsfiwsh Laqcb japd Premises are or shall be held immediately from and under them the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners (being a Lease or Instrument theretofore usually add cystpipariiy rented pnd.rppp^abAe^shall, frpn* thenceforth be renewable and renewed, and the, paid hlc^aftt^al Q(^mp^pn^ra.shall oa^se I^otiae. m Writing, to efl^erv.ecLpBpp thp s, eveialand:rpspepti, ye Tepanjts bpldingjWdfr or by virtue* of aqy !sqch Leaser IdStEdr ment either personally or by sending the same by Post addressed, to finely Tenant pa* Tppfttyte at his or their present or last known Place of Residence, or by delivering the same to the ktioWn 'AgfentWvAgintfe (of snob Tebj^tive Tenahi ^, or fey fcehfitog'it by Pdftt idc(fc&eQ to the nreserit Or lhst tatown Pkfce[of AboHe fofi ^uoh Aglent; stating 'thereby iKe GPerkWs dr IbtOTvais'at'which1 sieh Leases br Tasti^fti^tits ^poc^tlively, h^o tlreireafter lio renewable nhd renewed]' /-/It rt nmi'.'i* u f') Ihm.* fr»r *r<i -iM

After Service ' of Notice Renewal of Lease to be made on Application from Tenant

pr w^host

anyjtaiicls pir Piret^tses by yjrty, customarily, renewed, ' shall (lie, (jesirous.

Comm&ionrts to fix nod Ho* maad Renewal

Fines in certain Costa. I

nhd r&teivedr

- WF wck A9bfe, m pasc/any Tenant holcW or

«n7 ffli?

\y, aft7 W?, ^UCA, ?MiTO-b<; en, Were^fpre.puj^y pr us, of job tailing any Renewal, of sp Lepse for the Uke *' $tmi M^er; thp )ik?1^ent ^Wi^esexyei .St.fW Jwif/wfc,

to.apply, .K.tlft Wi AfS^rW

.thereupon the sai$ E^esiftg^cfij, 6^1 ^they ^rc h^j-eby requ>Mi to^ra^t

to pie r^epept'iye Tenaat3, ?oi ^pkjijgijye, *>.R.^ncwtiliof sqipif.^Ueu^e far the like fit, i9^.P'-cnW^i W^mjsed, W

, m>vw 4, ^Aw?.4 ramM 8h#irMftw, s!

such a ^ine ay qiay, bp ei^ual, to the; av^age, Amount of *e Rc»e\yal Ifiere^otore paid

or agreed to> py^u^njwily^paiif py fayablje fop ^epcmljOj^. t^fpeVor^n^wat

jin said Lhi^o Prmise^ e, averse iAnioiiipt , of T^enevvyl Fipef, lo pe ^ceytbinM by all pijchjMia the.like Means ap. la the sfuch Act. ofl the Thiryl and hourth years of the Rei; of-jKiitg miliav, Fpprtb. tbaRt^r, Thirty:S^; cn, arp nyoyided, fwMpwt^hl^g, the, same 4Ap^ication, /o^jPpi^hfiae ^.rprMtVtie?sunder tlip.said, Ap^d jt^b^«perr tamed as if One Tear only of such Lease had elapsed, and tpe CalQuJatWij.c

paid as a Fine for whatever Term may at the Time of such Application for a Renewal have *lafwed^f.the>bkikiijg Lensd' to be Ab Basi^ rof suih' Atttnwtl ItebeVlal

to be eicrfnpiited^ewiingi tO'^e^SRttl^C^wiliMintTetott6n t^o the Renewal 0*f 'Leasedf 4nd^f 'Ecclesia^tieal >Ldndfordst -.-It .: 'd-r.ui f'* t- -I -:*> n:, :u ) i^'t.xn'yi

-in^jr^iJTTvruV'^ "l 'ii, r I L. *'1 ''I'm; ) !mir 'i»t i, f -fh /.I..fjtirryf) (rj/Kni ig*L

, X^ylJfb. (fs^ch, Tepwf zm\ fit ppy JCwq.a%r the §ewce off^h^jbfi

omit or neglect to make AppjUcqf|op, tp ^hft.wd. L(^>^uistic^iqpyiseloineya, .a[of such Lease within the Period so fixed and determined by said Commissioners as aforesaid, or witliiti; Six Calendar Months after BiTchr Peitiod, or shall! not pay to>»thel safifL<Efedlesi-astical Commissiopaer^ all^uoh Fide or Fines for Renewal-as shall be dsoertainedbyi theifiaid Eodesiastieal Commissioners, ^ndialio ail Rent and Arrears of Rent doe and payable dor the said

.m So 2- KIOTO RI o& I Stt.

iaid Beckjs»8tical^Coihbiiflfik)ner8 oitl of aubh/Ldndsuand Piteiqiscfe 'within On^(Calendar Month after the Amount of the Fine or Fines so ascertained shall have been notified by thfe said Ecclesiastical Commissioner^ to suclj Tei^t or his or :ber then ^ud| in^every

supn Case it shall and may be lawful1 for the said BccTesidptic^l)^omnussipners to procure a Valuation , ojf the saijl Land^' and PrenjUes^ be iriaefp previous to^ the (ijapt ojf any Rene wal or, nf w ^eajse thereof, an^ to demancl apd recfuirp sii^h Renewal Fpiejas the^ shall

il>ink reasonable ', having regard to sucti valuation.,

1 XXIX!.1 No* Application: to thol ^a?d I^lefeittstibaP Odnrttoi&ion&rs1 for a RenteAtal ah^ tLedse tit iKfe Meaning bf this Atet; tmlnW thfc feattie

idTWrltWrgi Vigwed-ltiy the Per&tfii ^viti^tlfe^*td'fcu&h RerieWaly dr hisi'tte^,

<rf, )>thfeir Agffit or^ent^.and ittde& tlite' saoiCieliall'Bpeoify 'soto& fil dusS; dr: Phlde in Ireland, tb^ether'\Vitli^ ifhti f^FTriwl* the:reof, rts^the a^l NTMffiddtibrts

ftfrd1 Conbfitmica&oiis AtWehr niay become ribedisary ttf be1 made br 's^t1 by o*r1 bn behalf <Jf the ^1 Commissioneri in Telation t6 such^dheAVal nlay be afidres^A; l an&Ovety jfbtifi-cation of the Fine or Fines for Renewal to be paid to the bald EcbfoSi&stical Obttuni&ibnkrs for any such Renewal which shall be delivered at any such House or Place, or shall be addressed to the Person or Persons by whom such Application shall be signed* at such House or Plobe, and Pobt Town so specified1 aff aforesaid, and transmitted^so addressed

t!lnx>uili the derieml TN)st Office, shall tl^roupori bb deemed and taken to1 be a due

btifi^tSori ther^fpm-snant to this Act! .

ni XXX*iIt; ghnllbe lawful (for the said EocJpsiasti^jCto

Funds ftrtfl Monies. fporrvTtW tOiTime; Sn.their Hatfis *ris«ig<fnw<tie Sale of Perpetuities ihi any ilrtincb, .Tenemental and Hereditaments belonging . formerly belonging to ady AreH-bishop, Bishop, or any other Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole, in case they shall thiftki it.fit and expedient so to do, to advance, by way of Loan, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the ^Piirjiosc ' of enabling iiny ReCror, 1 'vica^, 11 Ar Pctpetard 'Ciirath of Parish ' or district Parish haVrng no suitable Hbtise dr Plitib 6f,; RcsJ(lehcci^to' Btilld.1 Improve, br purchase a ^liable Itc^iaebbb'within auch1 Rectory, Vicarage, bt1 toisWct; , to^ discharge any Debt pteviCusly! incritred by1 edch RCCtor, YiCaK '^r 'Perpetual Curate for1 such Purpose, apd secured ty Mortgage, imder the Act bf tlib'Fduftbentty and FiftCehth1 Years of Her Majesty,

675

i /

Application for Renewal to be, signed by

Person entitled to such Renewal, and specify his Residence in Ireland, and Post Town.

Commissioners may lend Money out of the Perpetuity Purchase Fund for building

Gtebetdouseq *

perpetual tjamey, aecoraing to trte revisions or the last-mentionea^ct; jrrovidea always, Vh^t-n'o1 Si\iii so to -Be 'aavanted slfall Jti ati}; Ca^. 'to^dtti'jir with1 the, 'Siinji klread^ changed (if ^tiy) ih the Be'neficrii'attd rfec'6v^fable hgaiilst the Tidit- Successqr, exfceed the Amount oif TWo'Ytars 'rtet Income of1 such1 Rhctory, 1 Vi^hrngb. Or1 Ctiracv, *511'esttmating which Iticnnie the anrtual'ln; 4' lh"m — ... "°1:

Any XiOith i. late JBoafiti nt P irst prujts"snail ne .acauctea; and that the Ttatp ot

Intferd^f for tneTJban 6f^ any snen Surti!l6hiili ^e'less fbanlFduiiTynn1hd^ Stenih^ per vCetitum. per Anhum'f aWd ^he' XnFtalpAent^ or ^ntiiiaiSluh pOyiible to thp1 ScAifi Commissionefs, or Other 'Mdrtgngcy undbif, thfe said AOt, 1 by Wch, RCcfor, 1 vXcaf, Or 'Pern; ^tnpl Curate, 1; ^nd his Sticeessbrs' On Fobt Of! such Load, shall be ^allowed bj^16aid^ Ecaesidsilcol C^ommis-sibnery In thO 'Valuatiq'n of soOh' ROctory. Vicarage; or'Ctjrac^'forthd Purposed of the Tax Myable under^*%efTjt>PbFihe ^hifd apt^ FOlipth ^Oark fcyg .William the Fourth, 5 Chapter !Thirty-scveh. " ' ', ' 1'PU, IM 1' 1; .u" 'j'l H; 1 l"'l!

o/j <i i m: -, 1 n i TT i / il-.ii- i.» r>'ir I ..ft u> j* .; i on - I r> / »Toil 7/ 'tI om 4 j: l».n

I mi XXXI-. It shall ibeiJftwfut.for tlmf^idi Commifistoaersj.if.jthojr^-AaMithiak.fit, 4! tot reduce thfoi Amount I cw. forego ithe CollQctlouooC any lustiilmdutfiiod^iei bjriitoyrRaotWMoVkar] -or Perpetual Curate on Foot of any Loan made to the Predecessors of IsuChfRdct^iYieaTy dr Perpetual Curate, by the Trustees and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland-£or fSlS^Inng^*'irfebaxriil^. Or ehlargi^g'dhy'OlObe HOti^c of 'Whjirfh prich Rictpr, vlci r CVti-at 0' shill ' HorW

staltnehf only (if anf)''payable1 tO1 the kcbleiihsticartdmhiilsiOncrS

First Ftints^'feWll fee rlOdiictcdand that the pRate of

, l>n;

» !t»: j: -Si! I I O!

ir ehlorgifeg'dhy' Olobe HOti^e of 'Whibh srlch Rictpr, Vi M'afctuaPPbiisfeabli1 ^Q^tiMfebl['-p'1"."'. 1

tt- 1/ in'fo -ii* i hor o »/fl (i- iH-t'i 1 >oi o-nli // 1 '

ur-

or

Instalments payable on Foot of Loan to be allowed in Valuation of Rectory, &c. for the Purpose of Tax.

i^'^XXlXiliI. Fim*>andiaftQrith&pasa^ it shall lieoii^fui fodrhe ^strid Ebelesias*-

Wcal Cnmdikmoctorif they shall; thinkofitj out efaihy of the Fltndsibr Properties Posted vi) whii^Vmaylbereiiffor ibacdme ivested linn thexH.UJr; viftuefof^awy Acthei^oibrCpasstd dr

|o/:- which

Commissioners may forego Collection of Loan8 by Commissioners of £ii$t Fruits for Ejection of Glebe Howsesj

Power to >apply any Part of the Funds vested in them

(except Boulter's and Robinson's) to augment small Benefices.

Distinct and separate Accounts to be kept in the Books of the Commissioners of all Sums applicable for Augmentation Purposes. '

Mortgages to be made to

Mortgages not to affect Rights reserved.

-r ./

fc-k* c.'i50.

r/-

which may hereafter be passed, or out of the Interest, Dividends, or Proceeds of subh or Properties as aforesaid (save and except the Properties and Funds respectively bequeathed1' by Doctor Hugh Boulter a^d Doctor Richard Robinson, and formerly vested itx the Trufetec»I and Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland, and the Interest, iJividends, hnd PMbeSds '

thereof respectively, and also save and except such other Funds and Properties as have been heretofore or may be hereafter bequeathed to and vested in the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners for any special Purposes), after due and reasonable Provision shall have been made for the several Objects and Purposes specified in the Sixty-third and Seventy-first Sections of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-seven, and not sooner, to augment any Benefice with Cure of Souls, Living, or Curacy, appropriate or impropriate, or to increase the Maintenance of any Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Minister officiating in any Church or Chapel or licensed Place of Worship in Ireland, where the Liturgy and Rites of the United Church of England and Ireland, as now by Law established, are or shall be used and observed, and which shall appear to them to be under the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds (after allowing the Deductions mentioned in the said Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-seven,) either by the Purchase of Glebes or other Lands or Composition for Tithes, or both, or by granting to the Incumbent of such Benefice or Living, or to such Parson, Vicar, Curate, or Minister, an annual Salary to be paid out of the Rent$, Issues, and Profits of the several Lands or Tenements, and the Interests or Dividends of the several Monies and Properties by the said Act vested in such Commissioners as aforesaid, or in any other Manner as to the said Commissioners shall seem fit: Provided always, that the Value of such Benefice, Living, Maintenance, or Curacy, together \yith such Augmentation as aforesaid, shall not in the whole exceed the Value of Two hundred Pounds, by(the Year; and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or taken, to alter or> affect any of the Provisions or Enactments contained in the Sections Ninety-four to One hundred and five of the said Act.

XXXIII. From and after the passing of this Act, a distinct and separate Account shall be opened and kept in the Books of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners of all Sums which shall from Time to Time be granted or applied from or out of the Funds or Property vested in them as aforesaid, or out of the Interest, Dividends, or Proceeds thereof, for the Augmentation of any Benefice with Cure of Souls, Living or Curacy, appropriate or impropriate, or for the Maintenance of any Parson, 'Vicar, Curate, 9r Minister officiating in any Church, Chapel* or licensed Place of Worship in Ireland, showing thereby the particular P^ndi^r Property from which eabhsUch Sum shall be so granted or applied., j > H '

XXXIV. From and after the passing of this Act, all Mortgages of Lon<)£ or1 Premise *

held under any Arphbiqhop, Bishop, or other Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole m Ireland, x>t under the EccleBiast^eal Commissioner *, which shall be tnade by any Tenant or Lissee thereof, or by any Under-tenant thereof, in lieu of Payment of the Purchase Money tfor any Perpetuity, (Grant, or Conveyance made under the Provisions of the Act of the Third and Fourth Year* of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty seven* oiA of any Act or, Act* passed for altering or amending the Same, shall be made and executed! to and to the Uee Qf/tt^e paid Epclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland, and their Successors and Assigns. i ' \ ' ", ' ' tl' rn ' 'r »f-ni

XXXV. No Mortgage made or executed under this Act*npr any Mortgage ^re^ore made or executed to the said Commissioners for securing the Payment or the Purchase Money for any Perpetuity granted under the said Acts herein-before mentioned, or any of them, or any Portion of such Purchase Money, shall in any Manner prejudice or affect the Rights or Remedies at Law or in Equity of the Aaid Ecclesiastical Cotatmissibneto^ in Respect of the Rent or Rents reserved by any Petyetuity Grant made or execute*! linden the, Act* relating to the 'temporalities of the Church ib ire&uid, or itny of them, but the saidyQorpT missioned shall have and enjoy all the same Rights, Remedies, and Powers:of suing or prpr ceeding in any Court of Law or'Eqfiity for KeboWy of the Rbnfc or Rents rOSenved pr payable under any such Perpetuity Grant as aforesaid; at if such' Mortgage badinot be$k made and executed to1 the said Commissioners, and as if (he fogal Estate m thei laandf Of

Premises

23''(Sc. m vi^cnuyp, c. j 50, m.

Premisps comprised in. any such Perpetuity Grant as aforesaid were at the Time of any such Suit or Proceeding for Recovery of such Rent or Rents vested in the Tenant,

Lessee, or Under-tenant (as the Case may be) to whom such Perpetuity Grant shall have been made, or in the Heirs or Assigns of such Tenant, Lessee, or Under-tenant, as the Case may be.

XXXVI. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Power to re-Commissioners to contribute to the Repair of the Cathedral Church of the Holy Trinity of Qjurch^f the Down, though non-parochial; and the several Provisions in the Acts of the Third and Fourth Holy Trinity, Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-seven, and of the Sixth and Seventh Down. Years of the same Reign, Chapter Ninety-nine, shall apply to such Cathedral Church.

XXXVII. c Whereas it is expedient to make further and better Provisiqu fop tije Spiritual. Ecclesiastical ' 'Wants of Portions of the Union of Monhstown in the County and Bioqese of Dublin, and

i for the more convenient Celebration of Divine Service therein: And whereas it is, for that payPerpetuai ' Purpose proposed and intended to erect and assign the Parish of Tullow and the pariah of Curates for 6 Killy within the said Union, into separate particular Parochial Districts, or Portions of Mo^8townof ' particular Parochial Districts, pursuant to the Provisions of the Act of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy -two: ' Re it enacted, , Tha, t whenever the Parishes of Tullow and KUl, or either of them, shall he., erected, intp a particular.

Parochial District, or Portions of particular. Parochial Districts, it shall or m^y be lawfulj fdrtbe Ecclesiastical ComnfisriooerB of Ireland, and their, Sikwss^s, 1 t° ^y fpofp, ime to l?the, out of the Funds in their Hands, to such Persons.aa shall fropi Tjfne, to Time be duly nominated and appointed to the Perpetual Curacy of such Parish or Paypphial District, and licensed by his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin (and so long as such Person shall hold the,

Cure of Souls within such Parochial District), an annual Sumnot exceeding One hundred Pbtinds. ' - ' i *

It

I! !. f

/.

: r. ivi'vjl

II- .

CAP. GLl

An Act for the Regulation and.Inspection of Mines//-; ' [3$tb August 1860/J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session holden in the Fifth and Sixth , Years of Her Majesty> Chapter Ninety-niue," tQ prohibit the Employment of Women and f f^.Gtris in Mines and .Collieries to regulatje the Em^lojfment of Boys, sttld to inu&e^'other

V Provisions relating to/Pprspps. working therein: And whereas an Act Was passediid

V the Session hoblepi in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter f One hundred, and eight, to amend the Law for the Inspection of Coal Mines id Great Britain s" And whereas it* is expedieqj that the Provisions yf tfcq sdid Two ^Overall Acts

should be amended* and that the Provisions for Inspection now applicable to Coal Mines

41oidy should, be extended \to., certain Mines of Ironstone of the Coal 'Measures*' 'Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority dfthe sairie, as follows:, r: / / / y / y

I. — ProuisiOns applicable to all Mines. '» n? t; , f

1 L' After the First Day? of July One; thcmsa, nd eight hundred and sixty-one, it shall ridt be Idwful for the Owner of . any Mine Colliery to, employ any Male Person under jtheAg*e

Of Twelve Yfeare-Withid; siiiclvMiue or Colliery, or to permit any such Ma^b Person to Work or bo thnmin for the Purpose of workingt thejqein other than such as at the jiisbing Of this Act shall'hfttre dttftined/thei Age of Ten Years, aqd were at or before tl^e passftigbf thib Acrt* snwplbyed within^theisamO or som^Other Mine or Cplliery<; : and the eiid Act of the Fifths and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, and all the Provisions and Penalties thereof, shall >*." be

: ' a: (7'»A

T'-., a

5 & 6 Vict* c. 99.

\h & 19 Vict. c. 108.

, rs i

No Boy under Twelve Years of Age to be employed in Mines.

m

Exception for

Tetf

T*Al%hrW''to have o '

Educatu^a^dto School Attendance.

I&, 24fY^310#m<-C/, l 9fc

effect; M if, fbtf, Age, of JVeh'fl Yewf9 hud bk« ip^io^ i^Ae^oo ,; ?* I ft? !&g?rqC, Ten .Years, pwlftect tw the Jtyvu#, bflfflmlaftefc.

.1)0- f

Y, |.r» jJVfIfltoTffM.- fPwtI.» 9otTi ab^eti tj*e> Ag^-ctf Ten; Yetrt and unflear the d&e-di' Twelve - 7 - - ^Wf-iJRJTobp W/OollieryinpQt/ eithfcf oft bhe ibJkjwidgiGondiHbtsi):

il-.n- 'to .! it-unt-.i ) -ill ni I., - .: :-!; !/* i." ) I >'...</> i" i> '»<> v

PW>b Hujrds !»0iemployed the Owndr of the Mide BhallysjfteriGhfe FhrWioF no |., ./fV Qnertijpufnnd- eightl hundred ftnd'sixty-tWJk obtain ia-iCortaftcatfc <feritibe> Itatul of a aHYYpe^an^ SoivOohtweter thait leuehlBoji id able toiorendand' wratd'J b'"1'".! Or, That in the nfldr subsequent -Jjunar i Month during whicW snih Boyl#

employed in ppqh.MiifcS OR'Oolliery the, Owner fcbail obtain.A Gertifkfothl ondk'llflj1 llnnd of a o>yipfit^pti/SchoqliBaBter thatY raGiv.Bbyhns: attended Sehooi'for not left1 than Three Hour? »a Pay, for >Two Hayaiia eaeh. Week 4nrlig tlio Lnnstr Month immesdiatfly pifficfldiqg, eftqlqairie lOfilany -Alfcenflaiice an Sumdaysi ci-.'l ."< i Di; And the Owner sludl file -^nd preaefve aueh Certifitatea aa atbriesaid ao Kang ate Mich Boy shall continue in the Employment, and during Six'Months, after the Termination of such Employment, and slifallipRaducq during 6uc&, Time, such: Certificates to any Inspector under the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, or to any Inspector'ofeOinf Mines and Ironstone Mines^ when {pquired sp, to <jlp tpy' any (such Inspector. (| j j | *;

n 'iiIUkiiErcjenjl Feraoti'gtvirigf)afalfeeCertlfioa^elfbiJlth6, ^ui*po§es of this Act j.shall1 fot evi^' S*S ei(r>'8^Qh Ofleatee forfeit la Sum Aofc1 mbrbthsln/TeW EhnndA nor dess than Jrivfe1 'Pounds; Mr; , i, 7/ sUciTQffenae slallbedctflt With BS'ftft'CWfenoe' against the1 s&id Act of thte Fifth an3, pi*tE Years of Her Majesty. \ '* '* "' r "

of lrwo' PattJtjrfOBTrlMTo

ft or Pit or Inclined Plane, then it shall not be lawful for .any Xlwnei! of Marre such ---- e (for ^dfliwy t^'^lovf ' ^y Person 1 or/!Per§ops, o^lier tW^; i |i}iq Ago

hnflWJ n!' W

onof-nonr *Wmdf&&/or Gin (Whether drjveii or worked by mani^ Lphopr , <p\apy other! {Po^v^* what-84, li u 'nioeV(&*) ,) 6il 'jtf ?%e' ChWgb if any. Fart of the Machinery^ Ifcope ^, iCfyf4fl§* pr, T pti^Tackle ' b^.ij; b£ jneans tof,) y)iiclit L^ng^f. $mm> or

»TitilbT^P^rbbn^P brought lip or passed clpwii^ , any\ sucp ^Yerticul S^aft or Pit or r'" "J<, t ', r'1 ' *' !a '* 1' (?/, v, {j

Steam Engines Jt shall not be lawful in any such Case as in ^he said Provision wention^d fo^hei [Owner nL^T^ottohe of rth^m£ry'^ ot)ier t^ian q, Mine of tW, 4ge|Qf, JJignteen

under the Yba^s tit haW Charge of any Steam -Engine or of .Part, ofi th^ -jd^Aiinery,

Charge of Per- Ropes. Chains, or other .Jackie , of, any such .Engine, by or by .means vi .Engine,

sons nn er is. ^hfhbiy, I'P6pis, |^ br otnet Tackle^ Persons, are brought up or passed, , dpJ^n any such Verticalj'Shiift! .Pit!, or Inclined !rlane: and any Person ^ffending t|iis

slibjhcP to the Penalty imposed by the recited Provision ^j q^ending

* SS.Sf)8 *, .1-,; i -I =-.-i .< *

V. The foregoing Provisions of this Act shall fe*rtfcfld'*to hH Mities iti GMdtf and

sbaUiItfQ.coiritmiedi with the naid Act'Of the Fifth dtid bfMbjbfety'as

Oi>«iAot-!//1 'it* I >» ' iix --; f 1" 'z1 ) >ii

Foregoing Provisions to be constraed -with 5 & 6 Vict c. 99.

r'A

18 & 19 Vict c. 108. repealed.

- n I: i- TJwiFrair&ion foYInsfiadtidtt1 hnd[Jt^iiMibW bf k^bat Jerries And 'hoT&fdiie 'fylyick

Vi'Tbc saii Act o^ the ^Eighteenth and j6si^te?lut|i Yeaua iof ll<er Majesty »shall be repealed: Provided al^yay^ |h^ the Ju^ct^a ofi Goal Mitres appoiarledrynderij stio/h Act sha\l (Continue; io be tn^peetprs, PWer, i this: A^t ofjtlio^Iihes tiO.^hieH.fcka-Pro^ after p^ntaineid extend, gubjeqt pe)^thele^(to ItpinoyAlb HtitiMdgestylailVincipal

Secretaries of State, and subject to all otb&v ^a^eiPjroVisiwftia^dAVithitl^ sanha Powers

A A:

as

2B> I&2# c.'l 3 i.

as if appointed /tifidrt ftfcW Art'; £re^idbcj also, that pH Penalties incurred under the said Act* before I the 'B^eal tliefebf1'tfiaybe pfbceededfor and applied as if this Act had not been passed.

wVXII The I^ovitfoiisi hereinafter (^rttaibed'shall extend to'all Coal Mihes and Collleriea qndMbwa OfrLroortoneotf the Cbal»MeasuresUkuPworked in eotifnbxion with Coal or with any disused or exhausted Coal Mines; and in the Construction of such Provisions the Terms 1" OoalnMantei 6r CdMiery hr Irou^oni Mind " ^lall toeaii every such Mine dnd CflUieryaa aforesaid* Und ferretly Shaft In "the course of! being* stink; and every Cfevel or Inclined Phihe//ihJithhicoiiwe'bf beiy^ Urii^fotfcodmYett'cin1g'"ot o^en}rig; any such Mine, and.' itfa* Work* belorigiiigittbferetOTMrdspeolively1 V" the Tertri <(©tvtier M shall mean the immediate Proprietor] Lessee, hr ©couniet1 of'A ©oul Mine or Colliery hr Ironstone Mine, or (t)f , any Phrfc Ithetebf; and the/Tirim ^Agftrtt^ a CoAl'Mhie Ot4 Colliery or Irbnstone Mine lAalifineJin kny Fer^oni having on behalf of the Owner the Care oT Direction thereof; and the Term " Inspector? or Inspertots*^'shall wspbcrtvely mean ian lhspector or Inspector of Coal Mineb xad Ironstone Mines 'appointed or Continued under this Act; and the Term Districtv shall niean the' Portion of Great Britain assigned or

tfTtf

Mines ta which Part 2. of this Act is to extend. Interpretation of Terns.

Inspectors;

M- U -H

and the Word

; { h *<:

Sheriff shall include Sheriff

assigned to* any One of such Substitutes/ 1 /.')* *: ,

VIII. It shall be lawful for Otae of I^er Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State from Tjipe to Tfipf to /ippp^t or to be an Inspector or Inspectors of

ypal Mffron^ne, iA^feaimn^nTixiMiHo Time rto remhve amy-

8pch Inspecticrt ojr ^pspeptoi^ji aFnd ^ofipjO, of thejAppQmtmeptiaf errory stidh Inspector shall be published in the ^London Gazette. Ir -

Power to Secretary of State to appoint Inspectors of Mines.

IX. ^To Pe^on who ehfdl *pfc or, pjractise 2^; a J^and Aigont or, -os ft Manager; Viewer, or No Land Agent, <j>r Minipg Engineer, prj Valuer, of or Arbitrator in any Matters of Dispute Agent or

arising between! Owners of Min-e^ pr, h9'?^effirUq employed in *ayi .Mine/ shall -act. as an MfcetcTact Inspector of M(incs unfler.tldsyict^, r, 1; , , :/ . .: as inspector.

X; The JfbHhwip^ Rules (herein-after referred to as the General Rules) shall be observed General Rules ih eVbry Cbllieiy hr Ghal'jMine and Ironstone Mine by the Owner and Agent thereof: *° obseryed

li-Aft ade^iiate Amount of Ventilation shall be constantly produced in, ajjl Goal Mines ironstone*1 11 v " bt'Cdllieries iahtl Ironstprie Mines ', to dilute and render harrpless noxious Gases to Mines.

sbbn an1 E^trtit that't^ylWdrlving-p1 laces of the Pits, Levels, and Working of every

° stfch Cbllifery and Mine, and the travelling Roads to and from such Worfong-places, u' ]t J gshall, tfndbr brdin^j/' Cii'cuihstances, beJin a fit State for working and passing therein: r.

1 'fi.7 to any p)pce not in aptual course of working and Extension, and sus-

1 1: Jp^ted to contain darigeftms Gas of any Kind, shall Le properly fenced off so as tcy

/* Abcfefc thereto: - ' , f 4 ':;

8Safety Ldmps are required to be us^d, they shall be first examined and .t: iebu^ly lbckqdiby a Person or Persons duly authorized for this Pip-pose:

* l4; Every Shaft or Pit which is out of Use, or used only as an Airpit, shall be securely o- ' ftnefed:1 # 1 :; - ,

5. Every working and pumping Pit or Shaft shall be properly fenced, when Operations j.iii; suspended i\ . ' I

6.7Rv^iy wovlfing and pum^jag fit or Shaft trhere the t natural Strata, under ordinary ' Circumstances, are not safe, shall be securely cased or lined or otherwise inftde secure:

7. Ever^rworking pit or Shaft* shall he prodded with some proper Means of communicating distinct and definite Signals from the Bottom of the S|iaft to the (Surface, and from 1 tl the^&ot^be telthb^ Bottorti of the Sfeuft r 1 in8k AH^uiidergiiefimid $elf-acting Pieties bn which" Persons travel are to be

ni f Mpfovidied»%Vfitliigotb^!p^er Mbartsbf^i^n/dling'brtwben the Stojpning-places and the it, ff itr Bhds^of ih^ PlnUes^am With ^ffidi^t'Placed bf Rdftigc at the Sides of such Planes i t// bt li^rvulsi dot'mtffC than Thirty Yatrd^i l

; 23 & 24 Vict. 4 R 9. A

Special Rales to be also established.

Present Special Rales to continue in force.

New Special Rules how to be established.

- Vr /], v,

ivr r >fj \

23° & 24° VICTORIAi c. 154.

9. A sufficient Cover overhead shall be used when lowering or raising PerBbnkin e^dry

working Pit or Shaft where required by the Inspectors: ! *.

10. No single-linked Chain shall be used for lowering or raising Persons in any,

working Pit or Shaft, except the short Coupling Chain attached to the Cage or

Load: ' ' ., (J

11. Flanges or Horns of sufficient Length or Diameter shall be attached tb the Drum of

every Machine used for lowering of raising Persons: j 'r)

12. A proper Indicator to show the Position <of the Load in the Pit or Shaft, and alstf ani

adequate Break, shall be attached to evefy Machine/worked by Stea^ or Water

Power, used for lowering or raising Persons: !i ' ' f-nT

13. Every Steam Boiler shall De provided with a proper Steam Gauge, Water1 Gauge, and

Safety Valve:, .f w iU

14. The Fly Wheel of every Engine shall be securely fenced:

15. Sufficient Bore Holes shall be kept in advance, arid, if necessary, on bdth-Side^to?

prevent Inundations in every Working approaching a Place likely to contain

dangerous Accumulation of Water. 1 1 ' , ft '

XI. In addition to the General Rules, there shall be established and, observedin eyefy, Coal Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine such other Rules (herein-after referred to .asJSp^iA Rules I for the Conduct and Guidance of the Persons acting in the Management of such CoaV Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine, and of all Persons employed in or ab9ut the same, under the particular State and Circumstances of such Coal Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone ^tip^ may appear best calculated to prevent dangerous Accidents. r iivi.

XII. The Special Rules now established and ik force under the Act hereby repealed, 'in1 any Coal Mine or Colliery, shall remain and be the Special Rules therein, and be of thes4meT Force and subject to be amended by the same Authority and in like Manner as if established under this Act. ' *' l> 'rf<l

"I-- *.«'. >. j n J;

i XIII. The Owner of every Ironstone Mine and of every Coal Mine or Colliery, inwhhfh. Special Rules are not now established and in force as aforesaid, shall frame and transmit tp{ One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State Special Rules for-sitthlronetomOrM^p ulud Coal Mine or Colliery respectively; provided always, that such Special Rules stypU b$j hung up in the Manner provided in the Fifteenth Section of this Act for the PejipdtQfj Fourteen Days before the same are transmitted to, the Secretary of State; sudw 0pfeciah, Rules for every such Mine or Colliery in work at the Commencement of thin, rA-JPfc^p bpr framed and transmitted a&aforesaid within Three Months qfter such Commencement* and for ejvery such Mine or Colliery not then ip work to be ao framed and trmisqwfted-within, 'JJ'hflS? Months after the working of such Mine or Colliery shall be commenced or renewed* JJRfl such Rules if not objected to by such Secretary of State within, Forty Day# from the Day, upon which they are reoeivpd by him ehall.be established:, // n, .(|V; y

« If, such Secretary of State be of opinion that, such Rules, or any of them, do not provide for/ the Safety, of the Persons employed ip or about such Mine, o* Colliery, within such Forty Days propose any Alterations in or Additions to such -Special Rules* Oft the Substitution of any other Rules for such Special Rules or any of, them: , ri , ri, H

If such Owner within Twenty Days object to any such Alterations or Additions by: wtay ofr Substitution proposed as aforesaid, he may within Fourteen D^s, after 4\* h^ «? objected nominate Five or more practical Mining Engineers or otherjPei^op# of> Experience, and who shall not be interested in. or, employed in the Managements &1V& Mine or Colliery, of whom such Secretary of State shall appoint One or more^fcp., bei^Uj Arbitrator or Arbitrators, to determine the Matters in difference, and todecidewh^Spgqial Rules shall, be established in such Mine or Cojliery^and the Determipatiop of such>A^bitratoRt; or of aueh Arbitrators, or the Majority of, them, if .more ih^n One, shall be finely and , tW; Special Rules shall be established accordingly- 1 - ]',) t>f{)

If such Owner do. not.within, such Fourteen, Day# noprinafo suah Mining^Euginoer# 7orf other competent Persons as aforesaid, then Twc> such Mining Engineers, or other comp^Rt Persons as aforesaid, shall be appointed Arbitrators, 'One Of \fhom shall be pamea Ownet and the other by the Inspector of the District!; *j:

other competent bfb&h

; «! O The

28° & 24° VICTORIAE, c, 151; 6»ii

The said Aritftrqtora so appointed shall, before they proceed in the Arbitration, .appoint a Third Person being such Mining Engineer, or other competent Person as aforesaid, to be their Umpire in case of Difference of Opinion between them, and in case such Arbitrators so appointed refuse or neglect to appoint such Umpire as aforesaid for the Space of Seven Days after their Appointment, or of the Appointment of such One of them as was last appointed, the Chairman of the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace in and for the County, Riding, or Division where such Mine or Colliery may be situate in England, and the Sheriff of the County or Division of the County where such Mine or Colliery may be situate in Scotland, upon the Application in Writing by or on behalf of such Owner, or the Inspector of the District, shall appoint such Umpire; and the Determination of such Arbitrators and the said Umpire, or of any Two of them, shall be final, and the Special Ru)es shall be established accordingly:, .

In case of the Death, Incapacity, or Refusal or Neglect to act of any Arbitrator appointed under this Act, another Arbitrator shall be appointed in his Place in mapner following; (that kto say,) in case the Place to be supplied be that of an Arbitrator appointed from among the Nominees of the Owner of a Mine or Colliery, then another Arbitrator shall be appointed by the Secretary of State from among such of the said Nominees as may not have been appointed as herein-before mentioned an Arbitrator or Arbitrators, or m case of Notice' to that Effect from the Secretary of State to such Owner, shall be appointed by the1 Secretary of State from among Five competent Persons to be, within Fourteen Days after; Receipt of such Notice, nominated by such Owner to the Secretary of State; and in case the Vacancy be that of an Arbitrator appointed by the Owner or the Inspector of the District, such Vacancy shall be supplied by such Owner or the Inspector of the District, as the Ca&e may require; and in, case of the Death, Incapacity, or Refusal or Neglect to aot of any Umpire appointed as aforesaid, qr of the Death, Incapacity, or Refusal or, Neglect to aqt of either'of the Arbitrators originally appointed before the Appointment of an Umpire, thej Provisions herein contained concerning the Appointment of an Umpire by such Arbitrators, and concerning the Appointment of an Umpire in default of such Appointment by such Airttfttatbr^ shall respectively be applicable to authorize the1 Appointment of such Umpire by1 the AtKfrfttom for the Time being; and1 for the Case of Default by them to make such* Appointment within Seven Days after Notice in Writing from either of the Arbitrators to1 the either of them of the Death, Incapacity", or Refusal or Neglect to act of the Umpire, and tb the Case of Default by the Arbitrators for the Time being to appoint an Umpire within* ^eVeti Days after their Appointment, or of the Appointment of such One of them ad wad last appointed: > > 1 ' "

1 'Tf* stich Owner db not within Twenty Days from the Day on which such Alterations or: Additlipns or such Roles by Way of Substitution are proposed to him object to the same, or* (hbf having made sticK Nominatibri to the Secretary of State as herein provided) db ndt Ariflftn Fourteen Ddy6 aftfer having objected as aforesaid appoint an Arbitrator, and1 give-Notice in Writing of such Appointment to the Inspector of the District, or in case of thef DCdth, Incapacity, or Refusal or Neglect to abt of any Arbitrator appointed from *m6hg Nominees of such Owner, do not, within Fourteen Days aftet Receipt of stich Notice1 fromi the Secretary oflState as aforesaid, nominate Five competent Persons to the Secretary* of State as aforesaid, or do trot within the like Period after Notide to such Owner by" the1 ihkpeifbt Cf"the! District'df^thd Death, 'Incapacity, or Refbfcd ©r Neglect to! act of aby Atbifrator appohtfdd by ^Cbli OWttdr, appbint an A ribitraftor, and give'Notide"in Writing1 of' Appointment* tb the Inapeetot dfMhfe District, the1 Special1 Rules frarbed- by-s*bch' Owner as; altered/ addfed to; or1 modified by the r Secretary of State rfoatl bd eStablfehed if , l *' ' -1

k

iH'.-'-l 1 J

r, .}

» »I, V< I

: !' V. >1

Tft^AmoOnf ^TSytofot' tb be made'Wtke A*bfttntbrcr Arbittatbrs and Uiripite (if aiiy), rfbr hk or theif Services1 g/hall bO fixed by the SecVethry Of State, and paid in equal MoietiOs by the ' Otriier Of the Mine or GeWibi-y to Which' tWe Arbitration f-elritos, aniff the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, tVhb 'aref herfeby1 authorised to mdkb SubK Payment^ebrdliigi^oilt bf any Monies pt&vided by^PdriiamCtt1#for that'PttrpbSe' 1 *t:" '

,) (K* Ji , ijj 11 r »>() TO; ' i' r, i' |* ["K j ' . 1 r» r (i, f> 1 .t - >'l i . |», (»* i 'i n, > i, J, <,

liJ&Ti pJTpffifMi ^.-^dlt:bft^wfVl jfbr tfcq Special Rules

Owner of the Mine or Colliery to propp^tfr^.XII^ej j#, Writi^.fotppp^of^qw

0, 11' 4 R MajestyV amended

from Time to Time.

Publication of Rules; 1 , r '

M,

1.., If I '

j; |/ !> > 'i' ' 1

.t; j.xj -ii: 1 f>i ..j, ^.M //< i 11

&> 24P. VJOTOKIiB/- crtfrE

Majesty's Priridipal SecrdtJarida otf State'any Amendment Of stich Rules, and the Provisions in relation to the original Special Rtttes trathed by the Owner, rind Proposals in reTatidh theretoiby-the Secretary Of; 8ta*C, and the iirfet^siabHshment of LSpecial RxilOs, shall 'atjply to the Amendihentfefee' propotedj and"thfci , SkicrethW/'of; Siote «my from Time to Tiitfe propose in Writing tio live 4}viher /of a Mine or Colliery1 Any Amendments for the Speeiid Rules: tlibreof; and1 the Provisions in'relation id A Iteration^ or Substitution of bth^t Rules f p tof liin

applr Vo{ thie AittihdmbiVfc$f so pfopeked

_ ji M- tj; >_ / *(<» ]*']/.<) j - >iI; if i j ' u \ *"-t: I f ij - I. '>' v, ) <f; > - i<> w f

Xy. For the Purpose of niajdug known the General Rules and Special Rides taall

P6r^6^i efribloyed In1 of about eAclx^Cohl Mine, Colliery, 1 ot" IrAn^ione Mjne, the -Owner or

A^enttberW1shdlt:riUe'!th6 ^(ienbi^F Riile^Hnd the Special Rules for such Co^I Mine, COlR^ry, 1 dr IriVnstbn'd Mhic to fee pointedohiBoitra of* printed' upon Paper to he pasted fftbreon, ' ahd'shpn battle ^uch! Board to he 'hungup* dr yiffikeu on Aofne Conspicuous J^art of the OffiCd'pypfacc^df I^uSmesA it ^nc Coal' IVIInc, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine,

arid dt 'iti&PlaCC where the Workmen ard paid; and the General Rules *pid Special Rules sd pkintdd V printed and hung up shall bb Renewed and restored "\yith all reasonably Despatch as bften bs the same of liny Part1'thereof may be dd^iced, , oblltefated, or destroyed; and a'brJnfed Copy bf/stiph GehCrhf and Special Rules shrill be supplied to all Persons eiWpfo/d^ip^and.abdbt ^le^Sjame Who sliafl apply1 fdf such Copy. ' j 1 ) f, ^1/

Power* and Duties of Inspectors.

iii

til <*) *'tiv\f n-t>< <11

»o yn.J Inspector to give Notice of Causes of Danger not provided for by the Rules.

T.'i iitM-'i'/M-f*! Hi'.hi.! /,

I. t'H i 1

hi. n i v IJ:*1 1 ir >t'i 'i*'''1 f -id i1 i - I t: !/ <VW. J U'* '

jijnouiinnjiu .i iniKs^j- uj j-siitj V7i xiigm, i/ui cu uc nut v\j miyviic! v/i uucu u»/i ujv m V7i ui, u«/

skid Coal1 Mih ^, CblliCtyfur IfoWstonC^Mitiei and td rifmkC ihqttfry ihtoi antf toupWmgtbjri!

Sbti^' fllljl1 ri"1 1 -P-'t.L t, I il, , H I »1T Li_ 1 ', 1 tLjJ

Michinery,

UfodCeif fi^.xv».»5 wx u0in5 ^.g.uo ..^v. «i..«.xi., ugpWu..w^(

A^ith burelwting td the1 Satiety dftlve iyrsonfe employed in hr abdut the sahie, nhd'fespeefyltj1 to make Inquiry1 WhethCif the^Pi^vwienA of^ ihis A^t^at^e cbibp'lidd With in refeitfort to'fetich0 CpaAiYfm^; and the .0wnqy pr, Agenft pfifluph G^al yfttWe,

9ff^Pef&-W.wg^we), ]\linp liffeby t$ turniph.fh^- M^s pepese^ryi . Wfibi*.

fY?" J?WF}bi i - tr - -:\ I tv .1 S iiir (m. ti

tt any, In8]peQtor ^nd on any sii^li inspecypn, iExamimitionj, or Inauhy, m Mine,

or Collie^ or jtnip^Vor^s or ^facliinery liplongii^lioqeto, or any Matte^ TM^gj in or^colin9cteel'^ wi|th such , Min^ oi; Qpn>ery, to be ^oth^rAyise t^aansprovlded pgs^ii^ft ^y afljq expresy rroyisloijijof^ this; Act, 0^|the fO^neral or $pecial Rules therei^derf)^dangqr^p^oc, v 1 ' A J ' A- -i -- J A-n^tp tlfc tpdity (AjW of.ftHX Rbrspij, ^h.

p 7, r _ t_ \yner or Agent of such ^Iiue:qr Collie^ py

£j 4 / jr Ij Inspector^1$ of Opinion that ^Jie ^aid Minef9rtG

or any Rart ibercoji pr any other of the Pa^tiCnlar&nfpresakl, dangerous or du^cti^ye ^, an^ shall also r^pqrt the.s^c.tq^On^ of tier Majesty's Rrin^ipal Secretaries of Stafe\ij { . 1 u>

f If the Owneryor Agen^ objept tp remov.e pr, remedy the Danger, or^ Defppt Subject of speb Nptice^ he may AVit|iin {twenty l)ays aft^r^hq Receipt .oif,

Rotice in AVrifing of the Objections of such Owner or Agent, and of the Grp^dsjt^|^(Ci|ij to the said Inspector and to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State* and ndmhtite-tof such-Scirctaryt of StAte IMvie qv 2oore practical Mining Engineer'sk>r <>tKer coiipebentJ Pqr^dnsiirf -Ejiferiliniie Who shall not belnteibstriddn or employed in!tfchW Mantg^' mentlofiisuthtMiiw or Calljeryi, ofbwhoku the Secretafy iof State shall appbint One ot to hd tiihJAfbitmtcfc or lArbityators, and tlieneu))on, further Proceedings' sfeill iihd fhi* ^ho DotecroinfvtiirLHbf >tlin ^Mat<ers4n*idiif(4rhnooibyi Arbitration* as herbiit providieicriii^thi^ Oftse^ of the-SjjhciaA'Rlulbstit j tl I I *1 j: <>u I -!t r *; j 1 *: i-- *, 1'' i/1- 1 ' i*-Af { '

* j1£ iueH Owner.eariA^eiibdo^urotieitvc*surit 'Nbiicei Und' itink& such NomJnritirm 'ae^Aff^Aid ' AAOthihithefTiindi aforesaid^ the Owitrtofi8weh Mihe orfOolliery slittH be liable tb a.RetaMty, T ofi QAe-Pbukdjfprkvfiiy Day ibeyoiid^thcikaid TxneiatyDttys during1 which liC w^lentlS' W n>/r- take

dptec^ivepjsq's InxhU 0pin; df^to threaten or, tenc| to t^ebadily; I

Ijn4fi^c^r x '

tnje particular Grounds on winch suer T -

28?I&> 2, 4? VJIOTORI^:

683

ibie to a Penalty ot Uoe Powwiitor JevetyJUayi' alter-the ^eceqrt; toyNttoei toidlUwneirj gent of such Copy of the Award during which the said Owner or Agent so neglects.

XVlfr 'lie Ofcner or A sent oit. .e verv!Coal i^ftnk Colliery, ' or Ironstone .^ine^shall^.

r tr .it., "7 J>v '! i '* *Pfi 7 in rt 11 v-'titt x "n r:i 1 ow/1; n, i"rmT

stone, Mine; and if such Qwper oiyAgpnj; 09 yipt pro$uf»j and s^nt); fp^ijpaUpp.^ If aforesaid such, a Map or, JPlan as aforosaifj, pr if apy such rnspe^for ps afpr^id ?

Jo&ie; proper, ani active Measures fon.retoovM^ oriremedyiilg the Danger>or Dufctt- winch 56 o< *". r in, the Subject -of the SriidiNofice gbvert'byithe loapeettwii 1, .rn\.-m .») «u

, If. tl>p said Ownor or AgientgiivO-Pitch. Notice, rindtnake «uoh Nomination I *a dforesaifJ wiibin tlio.Titne aftjresaid, anA-th© .Matte red# difforpnoe bb deforujinod by Atbiiralfton* 1 Itbeii jf; after the said OwftPCiori Agent lwebocn furniahfetl avith n.iGotpy dfi the^Awiartf atteefeedi.by thplnppecfcorfor' the .District* the ertW Ownerdr Agenb riegiedi fotthwah: to takb jMwipd* and active Measures for reiaoving or remedying' act, Danger lOr-Deffect /Which a^cwfdm^ fie »Uch Award oUght lo be reftnttved or remcdied/tlio QvV, ntirof such Mined* CtiliBiiy. shrill be liable to a Penalty of Quo Poundifor levefy: Day 'after .th^Pjeoeipiti by . tb#i toidfOwnebjor Agent '

inn if - r I n ' I

(9n Owner^of n 10

\ If:--a. pro-

ps or Plans of Mines > Inspector.

f Owners do not produce

Portion or any Jlap.or Pianos Wfllfopli or a^y'Parf.tif the Work^f any puejt Goal iDsPctor'm«y Mine, Colliery, |Or Ironston^ Mijic ispnepajed, fvppjii^ J^spectiop, or ff he <nofi; on(e^amm-[require them ing and, verifying any'Map pr Plan, tHi^ - the ..same.ia imperfjecl pfinaccurafjc, | hp.^jip/qhy. tote made, empowered to require that an.accyrate Alap pjr ^laq of tqe^ actual ^)roirkibgp pf1, gnch, Cop, !,

Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone Trfine be made within a reasonable Time by and at the Expense

of tba Qwper of awjh CcalAiIipe, Cpjliatyj pr^iKwatonsi iMnOi bq.at Schlei p£:ifioti lefs/tfen - i

TMvo.phaips to Qpp lp, «^o? oftRuch^thw -Scale w tWPIae fooft/usftd.iui:thd Minpie.Wft-) s, tt]uc^e(| pn; aftd.every andt.Map or iPlanea.rifQrpsaidialmUribpw the^QrkingspfitboAOne-upr ' tp withfo $i* Jftagthf.prtbia, .Iflirop!/pic Iftsppctiop; [/and., tbp. Qw-per/Ppi Aaeftt; i<)f Ijbe jQjftb l\tift0, CoWiary, Q^ bronsteae Mine^halbifirequircdiao tp.da bf , ftbyIguqb.JiflspecM.ft* aforesaid, mark pripauap to beimprkod pftsachilMripiw Pfon itha Progr^, of Aliei ^MorklngSipfi Utar Gp^lAlinp, Colliery, .pr IropsttmoMmPfupto tho Timbof; hi«; Inflection tbprepfii.iProvidctl tVi TOt(w*i|ierejn, confoifted.shall bp IPOPStr, M*d to. apflpica'ibCiftny, Inspector, to make-iaiCppy/

of the.wh^Jft^rftfty Pent of^Alap or, Plap w)iich^li4b.|bie, prqdupcd ,; | l, I ..Jiau ot

Xfe.' If atld When ILiOSs^of' Lifo br 'liny ' jxit'sdnal; !l^j pfy for' arly, 'PersoVi' '0^)16^ ii' 8r? Notice of Ac-about ariy Goal MiriCj Colliery, 1 or lroristoVie 'Miae oce'urS'bj' 'rcrisotl r>f any Pkq>fofei(in, ahdr events in if and when Loss of Life or serious personal Injury 'any 'Pel'sCiii so eni'jddved ticcurs by given9to°Score-

tary of State.

ot lomqj.nl rjr Tj'Jti/. »7£H

kiuuito, uic vn^ci Vi xigum ui cuui \ju«u tuim; , yunu; ^, ui xtyuoiuiic exilic oiian. nitmu to ^'*?rn: 1

T^V6nty-fdti^ H6hrs next tyftfel* Well Accident, sertd1 Notice of such' A9C11IC11 t^iind' 'the tioss1 10'VrrfJ(((L

of^ Life dr persoiiallnjury occasioned thereby, under 'the 11 ail^ 'df such', ' (5whcr or Ageist, ' Vdi 'Vo

id1England t6 Orie of Hdr Majesty^ Principal, 1 Seci^tadr^tate, tn Scotland, (q the Xjbrd?

Adv^oca^c, ^nd iq .ull Cas^s to the liispectm; of the bisfrict witnin1 which sucl'rAccident stiWtt occtif, and 'shrill specify lfai such Notice the probable .Cause pt such"' Accidepj, apd siicTi Notfce tnav be scht thi-augh thdL I^ost Office by Letter ^d^fess'^to such Secretary 'of.^Ate^ or J Lord Advocate, a^d the Inspector of flic District* at' his tisunl'1^ and eveby Ovvper 6V1 Agent ^lio, neglects td .send' or^eaus'c^tb^be1 sehi' siTcli 'Notice as 'afdnc-saifl^wlfliinthc Tim 6 aroreshld shall for sucu Offence be liable' to! a Peiiatty not, exceeding^ '

TivetitV Pounds.

(Coilon^; hcildiilg aa Iiuq-uoat upon/ tie tRody t of any>iPetsoti>ifwhjOs©iI)fiathfTProvision for

majiWt0 bfc^icau^ed byi a»y isubhi Aieoident io& Hfoi?e«nkl shall, iiwjih^s

District or M^ornie l^ijson oU betelf of the Secretary of rStafc© Jtro jiibosfent ton^t^ith^Pm+iiD^thsfrom11 ceilings latjpueb, Inqu^st^atiyoitft such Inqnesty and fcy Latter!sehtthxoa^ttiici Bc/st^iffidevtAccidents in Eo^ri DaystAtiiHe Jc^ before holding snchAdjotirnod flti^nest^nildrifeedfto thoiIrtspectortofI^e^er' the District, give Notice to such Inspector of the Time and Place of HoHiilig thp^sariiD pfOvidcdi that atoohi Corotei- may. Jbefoit© the Adjbutnmewt of1 amy kioh - Inquest tato Evidehfee to/ identify the Body, mfty Nortlec thiEl/Intwment theretof^t plrovided> alaoi thatijif itihe/

Aocideni hap not ooeaaioned inore thiin On© lDeothy laud Notice of the lnquost i his ^feilo, given

Notice to be grven to Inspector of the Abandonment and Opening of Mines.

j

Penfclfies fob Offences against this Act

Penalty for obstructing Inspectors.

Penalty for defacing Notices.

Penalties, how recoverable.

23° & VICTORII, c. 151.

^ivriri by'ihfc Coroner to the Inspector of the District by Letter sent th#origh! Ae i Pest Office not lees than Forty-eight Hours before the Time of holding the Inquest, it shall riot be imperative on the Coroner to adjourn such Inquest as aforesaid; in case the Majority of Jury think it unnecessary bo to adjourn; and the Inspector shall be at liberty to examine any Witness at any such Inquest, Subject to the Order of thO Coroner. 1 '1« 1 Ann //

XXI. Where any Qopl Mine, Cfolliery, or Ironstone Mine is abandoned, or the Wooing thereof tinned, or where the Working thereof is recommenced after Abandonment pr jPi^cpntfUinanco, for a Period exceeding Two Months, or where any Workings are commenced for the Purpose. of opening a new Coal Mine or Ironstone Mine, t^e Owfter or Agent of the respective Mine or Working shall in every such Case give Notice jhereof tO| the Inspector of the District, by Letter sent through the Post Office, within T^vo Months after such Abandonment, Discontinuance, Recommencement* or Commencement of working, as the Case may be; and where any such Mine or Colliery is abandoned, or the, Working thereof discontinued, the Owner thereof shall cause the same ter bq, anct'to be

kept, securely fenced* for the Prevention of Accidents. i -)

XXIfv If any Coal Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine he worked, and, through ifhe Default of the Owner or Agent thereof, Special Rules have not been established tot the same, according to the Provisions of this Act, or the General Rules, or the Special Stales (fojr such CpnhMing, Colliery, or Iroqstone Mine, by this Act required to be, jM^bljtehed, :havp not been hung up or afpxed, or have ftot, after Obliteration or Destruction J renewed pr restored, as required by tftis Act, or any of such General Rules pr S^mlr, lti4es, Provisions of which ought; to be ob^qrved by the Owner and principal Agent or ipwer of such Coal Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine, be neglected or wilfully violated by any* such Owner, Agent, or> Viewer, such Person sbajl be liable to a Penalty of not qxceje^ftg/Cwenty impounds ,; and also, iu cure the Default x)r Neglect be not remedied with all. reasonable, Pje^patph* after Notice in Writing. thereof given by an Inspector to the Own^fi or Ageul of .; j suohi CM Miqe, Colliery, or Iroqstpnc Mine, to a further/Penalty of One Pound fori ev^ry, , Doyiduring whiqb the Offence cofttimie^ after such Notice; and every Iverson, other/than, af9resaidj employed in pr abput a Coal Mine, Colliqry, or Ironstone Ming, who neglects) or .ji..wilfully violates any of the, Spcoml Rules established for such Coal Mine, Colliery, pp Ironstone Mine, shall for every such Offence be liable, upon a summary Conviction for the same before Two Justices of the Peace, or in Scotland before the Sheriff having Jurisdiction in 'ithe County Or Place where the Offence is committed, to a Penalty not exceeding" Two -i Founds, or tb beiimprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, in the Common Gaol! or Honse 1 of Correction'for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months: Provided ahraijrs, that j na Justice of the Peaoei being the Owner of the Mine, or the Father, Son, Brother, or, Agent of dhy Owrier of the Miqe, in which the Offence set Forth in the Complaint Aall -f have been committed, shall) rit the Hearing of any Complaint or Charge, bet as a Justice of the Peri^e for the Purposes of Conviction or Adjudication in any Cases of Dispute or 1 Difference bet when Persons employed m working Mines rind their Employers in which Justices of the Peqce have Jurisdiction.

XXIII. Ev err Person who wilfully obstructs any Inspector in the Execution of this Act, and every Owner or Agent of any Coal Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine yho refuses or neglects to produce, as herein-before required, a Map or Plan of the Workings of the Mine to any Inspector, or to furnish to such Inspector the Means necessary for making any Entry, Inspection, Examination, or Inquiry uftder this Act, or who neglects jny, ^ifully violates any Provision of this Act for the Neglect or Violation of which no other Penalty is

i r: hereby imposed) ehatt forevefry such Offdnce be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Trin/Pdunds.

XXIV. Every Person who pulls down, injures, or defaces any Notice hung up or affixed

as required by this Act shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty of not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXV. All Penalties imposed by this Act may be recovered in a summary Manner before Two Justices of the Peace, or in Scotland before the Sheriff having Jurisdiction in the County or Place where the Offence is committed, in the Manner prescribed by the Law in

that

.23" & 24! VICTORIA, c. 151.

that Behalf, the Information to be laid, or Action raised, within Three Months, after the Commission of the Offence; and it shall be lawful fotr One of HprJVtqjesty'fl, Pri^ipal Secretaries of State to direct that any Penalty imposed for neglecting tq send or cfiuse tp, be . sent Notice of any Accident, as required by this Act, or for any Offcnoe against this Act which may have occasioned Loss of Life or personal Injury, shall be paid jto.or amqng any of the Family or Relatives of any Person or Persons whose Death may have bepn Occasioned by such Accident or Offence, and not being a Person1 or Petsons who Occisfoiied or 'contributed to occasion the Accident, or to any Person or Persons, not being the Offender or Offenders, who may have sustained personal Injury occasioned by feuch j^lccidefrit or Offence, ns he may think fit; and, save as aforesaid, all Penalties imposed by this Act shtilh'Whten recovered, be paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty VExchequer ifi stiCli Manher'hs the 'Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct, and shall be carried to and Wm Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom. 1 ' r ' ' j' '1 it' 1 1 '

I; .: . -; i ' *: -: / >- >; /' r , _y. - .n

J XXVI. A Copy of the Special Rules for the Tinie being established in any OoaLMihe, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine, certified under the Hands of One of the Infepeoters td ibe^ a Cqpy of the Special Rules established in such Coal Mine, Colliery, qr, IrqnstjOjnp JMine, tjhqlf be Evidence of spell Special Rules, and of their being duly established underpins ^ct, without further Proof, and such Inspector shall certify such Copy when required. t ((

I MXXVII. Every Inspector shall on or before thd First Day of^ Match" in every Year

II iiiak^ A separate and distinct Report in Writing of his Proceeding during the fp(refecdibg Ynar/and shall transmit the same to One df Hfer Majesty's Principal Secretaries 6f Stite,

and a Copy of such Report shall be laid before bpth Houses of Parliament

XXVIII. The Wages of eaeh and every Person employed in any Coal 'Mine, -OolHfety, or Ironstone Mine shall be paid to him Ur his Representative authorized or deputed1 to ihat Effect by his immediate Employer in Money at an Office to be appointed for th^t Purpose in the Special Rules for such Mine or Colliery, and such Office shall tfot be1 hotitigubufe'to any House where Spirits, Wine, Beer, or other Spirituous Liquors aVe soWb and e+4ry " Owner or Agent; or such Employer, who shall pay or permit any Wages to be paid contrary to the Provisions of this Act, shall for every such Offence be liable to a Petmlty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIX. Where the* Persons employed In any Cool Mirie, Colliery, dr Ironstone Mine are paid by the Weight* Measure, or Gauge of the Cool, Ironstone, or other Material, gotten I . by them* such Coal, Ironstone, or other Material shall be truly weighed, measured, or gauged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for such Persons, at their dwn:C08t, toatAtion a Petson^being One of the Persons for the Time being employed in such Coal Mine* Gollifery, or Ironstone Mine,) at the Place appointed for suit weighing* measuring* or gadgingy in r order to take an Account thereof, and to take am Account of the Weight, Medfcurdy or i Gauge used therein on behalf of such Persons by wbcrmt be is so em^iloyed/; bnt Such Betfeon so employed shall not be authorized in any way to impede or interrupt the warking ef ithe Coal Mine, Colliery, or Ironstone Mine, or to interfere with the wjeighing^ m^is^ring, or gauging, but shall only be authorized to take such Account as aforesaid; and tpe Aps^nce of such Perscjn shall not pe a Reason for delaying or interrupting such weighing, measuring, or gauging.

XXX.' This Act shall not extend foWdahd. ll! " ": 1 .<ff.Mj.il , //imri

XXXI. This Act shall coiritoenoe from the Thirty ^firet Day ef £>*i&rnber (i)tik f&otteind eight hundred and sixty. - > 7 [/ / i

Certified Copy of Special Rules to be Kyideoce .;

yrhr J

3 >A

Reports of Inspectors to be laid before Parliament

Wages to be paid to Person employed in Mines, or his Representative, in Money.

Where Payment of Persons employed in Mines is by Weight, See. an Account may be taken.

nA /tlLfr/I £if; t:un; difu il

Extent of Act

[Commencement of Act.]

: lot /fIcn/I r.:J(Y

23° & 24io VICTORIitf <J. 15i

CAP. CLII.

t .1

An Act to facilitate internal Communication in Ireland by means of Tramroada or Tramways.

[28th I86tlu

WHEREAS it would be of great public and local Advantage if Powers were given

f " " Poramva ^ncirona tr\ nmmotn flio PAn^tvnntmn rvf* Tmimrovo ?n Trainnrl trt mnlro nr

Notice by Ad* *ertisement as in Sched (A.) Part I.

Deposit of Plan, Section, &c. as in Sched. (A.) Part II.

Notice to Owners of Lands as in Sched. (A.) Part IIL

Deposit of Memorial and Estimate, and Lists as in Sched. (A.) Part IV.

Preliminary Inquiry by Grand Jury at Summer Assises.

Owners, as shall be found useful and necessary for the Completion of such UndertaKin"$,

and to use such Tramways for the Conveyance of Passehgers, Produce, Mineral ' Merchandise, and other Goods, in Carriages, Waggons, and Trucks moved by Animal

Power:* Be it therefore enacted toy the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

I. Any Persons intending to apply under this Act for Authority to make and pomintom

a Tramway, which Persons are herein-after called the Promoters, shall in tW Months Wf April and May, or either of them, immediately preceding the Applihukion, plxUash Notice of their Intention by Advertisement# according to the: Regulations contained in> [Schedule t(Al) to this Act, Part I .: Provided always, that it sfyall not be oompetont to make Application for a Tramway or Tramways under the Provisions of thi Act to Unite Places 'between which Statutory Powers for making a Railway or Ritil ways fmr dureatly ootineeting the same shall have been granted and be in force .; m > .»* *, .1 in .j 1

II. On or before the First Diiy of May in the same Year, the Promoters shall deposit

with the Secretary of the Grand Jury of any County within which the Tramway is proposed to be made- >, ^A

1. A Copy of the Advertisement published by themiP I .{ *..n«

2. A published Map to a Scale of not le^ than a Quarter of an Inch to a Mile^with itbe

Eiue of the proposed Tramway delineated thereon# ao as to show its; gemeral-Course and Direction; >

3. A Plan, Book of Reference, and Section, prepared according to the Regulations contained in Schedule (A.) to this Act, Part II. 1 i, i // 11/

and with the County Surveyor and thri Clerk of chch Union through which the^TrktAwhy ii proposed to he mode a Copy of each of the some Documents/ - i; / >, lt

III. On or before the Second Day of the same Month o(May, thp Promoters to the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, , qnd Occupier ^, of,

which the Promoters intend to apply for Power to take, Notice of their Intention, according fo thp.Regulations contained ini Schedule.(A#)4o thw/Act* Part IIL*« ..!» >, // .1117

IV. On or before the' Twelfth Day of ttie same Month of May, the ^Promoters sfiai

deposit with the Secretary of the said Grand Jury —:' 1, , ^it

1. A Memorial of the Promoters, signed by them or some or One of them, addressed

the Lord Lieptenanf iri Council, praying for an Order iii Council authorising tl^j making of the Tramway, ^ith a Draft of the proposed Order scheduled, 1 to^t^o Memorial;

2. An Estimate of the Expense <rfl the Undertaking, >sigied toyjthe Peraon/making the same, -# ' ' . .T:.I - t "n; / 't» in:>{!

3. List# of tho Owners and iQthera to whomithe PromofemAane given «ach Noticd» aqA

herein-before required, prepared; acoordfog to the; Regukliohs eontarinedi ini I $ctie<ftil»F (A.) to this Act, PUrtIV.^, (1 \ / . .^'v/ hm: bonpi *

and with the County iSurveyor a Duplicate c^eaKih iof tlm pome Docu^erffe/i- I u U oil) -i.

V. At the Summer Assizes of the same Year the said QranJ Jury shall!, on the

tion of the Promoters, inquire whether Pr not t)ie Requirements contained in the for^i^g^ Enactments have been complied \vith (for whicq Purpose they shall have ioj^ipmon

Witnesses,

b»

m&> 24," MGTQfimt

Witnesses, and require the Production of Documents, and take Evidence on Oath or otherwise), and shall hear any Person interested in contending that such Requirements have not been complied with who shall lodge with the Secretary of the Grand Jury a Memorial complaining of Noncompliunfee in some Particular specifically stated ill such Mein 'rial, and shall then proceed to inquire generally into the prima facie Merits of tbteTIFtaflWtaking. With reference thereto the Grand Jury shall take into consideration the Report of t\\% County Surveyor on the Undertaking, (who is hereby required to Report theroofi to

the Grand Jury, and to deliver a Copy thereof to the Promoters Thj^ee clear.Days before the Inquiry by the Grand Jury, ), and shall hear in opposition to thp, Applicat^pu; $ny Owner, Lessee, or Occupier of any Lapds proppsed to be taken for, tliej Purposes of the Undertaking, or alleged to he injuriously afiected thereby, and any Railway^r ^tppj^ Copi-pftny or Person desiring to be heard i; i opposition on the Ground of Competition* or any Part of whose Rails, Trapi^ Stations, ALorbs, or Apcpmmoclatjoqs is jtjroposq^jf#, be , tqken or in any Manper useci/Or interfered with for the Purposes of tjjie Upjc(ertak}ng, (ai)d/the Inhabitants of any Town?> Place, or District alleged tojoe injuriously affected by, the Undertaking.' The Grand Jury shall then approve, provisionally or dis^pproye^ as {Ji^yjpAay^think fit, of the Undertaking, with or without Modification, having regard to the Compliance or Non compliance of the Promoters with'tire Requirements aforesaid, and to the priti/a facie Merits of the Undertaking, in engineering, financial, ' and other respects; and fcuch'pfCvi-sional Approval or such Disapproval (with, in case of Disapproval, the Grounds thereof,) shall be certified in Writing under the' Hand of the Secretary of ^the Grand Ji!rry? utld ih all Cases whore the proposed Undertaking isftrovisiortally approved of by nfn jr> {j&'aticf Jury or Grand Juries, it shall be lawful* »for any Railway-Company'OT Ownbr of -Lated Mio^may have opposed the Application for the' same to appeal agaihsfc act,* stfcfrqyr&visiodtfl Approval to the Lord Lieutenant in Council, who shall, as soon as may bepinquire into5thAGrotttMs

allow ^.dtffdl^ % ACT^; -, ll0 n

1 ' VT'. 'Wfcetethe fitopoAedTiftirtWfiy'cltiiS'tiot! Hd'Whdlly V1 thfri'Ottd ty/thl?fti#

Enactments shall apply equally to every County within which any Part of it l?^nfexWept that the Promoters may, if they thidk^ftt/.'fiipwili U^tWth^S^OtWy 'drtffe QVa^Jifry, add tfa&£tftvl^y0r*>f Jany Goitntyj1 ttttdlthd^ferk dfej^.tiff^efer-

noey Stet^rI&tiffl»t&, tb W'flWfeft oPthd'^fio^bieii T&tfaway as

lies within that particular County .: noiiuwiK I bur.

((<>'i i r' > i! I f 'j i /I t -j_if il '(>m f. .'i j (p-1. { lull. .*> livi U Al to /i<"M r (T j JCI A .f.

VII. Where the proposed Tramway dfceanfcktt life wholly (yd^hhtrfQrie^Cautoyvjtod the

|>rbVi3idnaHy(ft^Qt^df of.by hay Onb<kfith^/Grand JtnneA) hefbirfe I wlfau the Application comes, but is disapprovedlof t; by adyfrthte«^othpr$of inah Giruld) Juqie^ it shall be lawful fqr the Promoter? to .appeal against sych Disapproval to the Loid Lieu-Ubiifittilfwhb shiilT, a!^ Inquire into the, Gfounds* of^isapproval.

&k; Jic& 6vduanw i&d 1 iweai:; nM11'i*n '11 /; A

jsmUiov; /: .ifi.i.in j:uI *im//o 1 'Jot /Ut ji: 07 hu-»:ui <*[otnnnn 1 mu irmly/

VIII. Where the prijiAsed:'Tr*mIw»iyiilittei Wholl^ :withIn1|iDfleu©<Wj|fltYl"hte^, l6hyQi^il3

4"rar ^f*. tllatq>.W'ty, ^i^P?wTSf/of Jfe also VlWU the.proposed

Tramway does' not 1&'wholly wltfiin 0m Gunty, anJ e^mr the Grand Juries eG.afc :sever^ Connies disapprove of the Un(Wtji^in& qr ^py(Pne of tjiem A^fvpprqyeSf of

%:?: frewMwV ss-; y>Xi ArrsA jsrww«

fnW'n every su <£ase the A^ljca^pq(of the f roqiot^ have

wnoltjf failed ..... i ..... ' ' ": Innom >1/1

siI^iltiiievBryi dlDiorf ^Qafeei' *4> Public1 Wb^ksyfheteinMttftyr^aH^l fiie

Board of Works, as soon as may be after such provisional Approval or such Alliance of Aippeab^'^>iffafe8m<iv>«a:tke; Apptioarticrftf^ furiiSsfccd^ylthem

wlt&Da^liaatbsiafi^siHihi/Rlb^dihdilcthte^i^ 'atjeJh^iii^hcfb^ i^ to be

deposited, and with all such other Plans and Documents Kildffcfll stack CtKtar Information as the Board of A^oibucitihyiiicquid by* Person W tai^y1

'^41^'TO<.4ri)/^.-twp, t*K^- Wt/XJ., jAlHg

S8?

4*/ V<f V

(.k) ]»?.!.*^ ni .1 .tu; 4i

to

.in:!*!

Tram^po^/

Co^ty!^'^(

Appeal to Lord Lieutenant in Council against Dis-

approva!v, 7

tO S1'lfI7/()

iv ?.i. >1mik4

(A)

On DisJ^J "l:'t prov^&. c.

d^lei tA'"1

ur c.l 1' i. I

VI )1LII

On Approval, local public Inquiry by Board of Works as in Sched. (A.) Part V.

vu.r: iv i *>'

/*I /.., ].!

ynil. I mijn i» Ih

frWsy /\

At Spring Assizes definitive Approval or Disapproval

Appeal, &c-as before.

Notice, &c. of Appeal.

On definitive Approval Lord Lieutenant in Council to make Order.

Order to be confirmed by Act of Parliament.

If desired by Promoters, Company to be constituted by the Order.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, 0.152.

report their Opinion thereon, and by such Report recommend, if they think fit, any such Modification of the Undertaking, in an engineering or financial or other respect, as may seem to them of public or local Advantage.

X. At the Spring Assizes next after the said Summer Assizes the Grand Jury o^each County within which any Part of the proposed Tramway lies, shall on the Application of the Promoters take into consideration the Report of the Board of Works, and also the further Report of the County Surveyor on the Undertaking, (who is hereby required to make a further Report thereon to the Grand Jury, and to deliver a Copy thereof to the Promoters Three clear Days at least before the Inquiry by the Grand Jury,) and shall hear in opposition to the Application any such Owner, Lessee, Occupier, CkMnpftiay, Person, or Inhabitants as aforesaid. The Grand Jury shall then definitively approvef or disapprove, as they may think fit, of the Undertaking, with or without Modification, having regard to the Merits of the Undertaking in engineering, financial, and other respects, which definitive Approval or Disapproval (with, in case of Disapproval, the Grounds thereof,) shall be certified in Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Grand Jury. y

XL On the Conclusion of such Proceedings at the Spring Assizes, the ^Promoters shall have the like Right of Appeal as is herein-before given to them in respect of Proceedings at the Summer Assizes, and on definitive Disapproval or on Disallowance of Appeal (as the Case may be) the Application of the Promoters shall be deemed to h^ve wholly failed. j

XII. On the Promoters bringing an Appeal they shall give Notice thereof by Advertise-

ment inserted in the Dublin Gazette and in the same Newspaper or Newspapers in which the Advertisement required by Section I. of this Act was inserted by them. On any such Appeal, the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall, as far as may be requisite, take into consideration all such Reports and Documents and other Things relative to the Undertaking as were before the Grand Jury whose Disapproval is appealed from, and shall hear in opposition to the Appeal any such Owner, Lessee, Occupier, Company, Person, or Inhabitants as aforesaid. 1 i J

XIII. Where the Undertaking is definitively approved of by the opty &ramf1rury *>r

by all the Grand Juries before whom the Application comes, or all Appeals against the Disapproval of it are allowed, then and in every such Case the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall settle and make an Order in Council, authorizing the making and maintaining of the Tramway, subject and according to the Provisions of this Act, by such Persons or Person or Body Corporate or Company, in such Manner, subject to such Restrictions and Provisions, a*id on such Terms and Conditions as shall be therein specified. J "P 111

; < 1 r- /.Ui u7 f,

XIV. Thereupon, and on the Promoters doing everything required to be done bjPfhem

by any Provision for seouring the Completion of the Tramway applicable in their Case,

the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall, as soon as conveniently may be, procure all necessary

Steps to be taken for the Confirmation of such Order in Council by Act of Parliament,

and until such Confirmation the Order shall have no Effect whatever. The Bill for any

suck Act shall be introduced on or before the First of June, and treated in all respects as a

Public Bill. The Order to be confirmed by the Bill shall be specified in a Schedule to it,

but shall not be set out at length therein. The Promoters shall deposit, for the Use of the

MemberaAf the Houses of Parliament respectively, so many Copies of the Order in such

Offices of the Houses respectively as the Clerk of the Parliaments and the Speaker, of the

House of Commons respectively may from Time to Time direct. J a.

r J J orstxi iXt-4aA

XV. Where the Promoters desire that a Joint Stock Company shall bef c0W8tkfrte*b for the Execution of the Undertaking, the Order authorizing the making of the Tramway shill contain proper Provisions, with apt Terms, for uniting into a Company for that Purpose such Persons as shall be named or referred to therein, being Subscriber* to the Undertaking, and for incorporating them into a Company, by an appropriate Name, with perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and with Power to purchase and hold Land for

r ' O &

23" & 24°'VICTORI., c. 152.

the Purpose of the Undertaking, subject and according to the Restrictions of this Act and of the Order.

XVI. Every such Order shall prescribe the Amount of the Share Capital of the Company (the same and every Part thereof to be applied only in carrying into execution the Objects and Purposes of the Order,) the Number of the Shares into which the Capital shall be divided, the Amount of each Share, the Amount and Intervals of Calls, and the maximum aggregate Amount to be called within a certain Time.

XVIII. Any such Order may (where it seems to the Lord Lieutenant in Council expedient) empower the Company to borrow on Mortgage or Bond such Money as in the Order shall be specified (the same and every Part thereof to be applied only in carrying into execution the Objects and Purposes of the Order), and may provide, in such Manner as may seem fit, for the Payment of Interest on and the Discharge of the Principal Money borrowed, and for the Appointment of a Receiver on behalf of Mortgagees: Provided always, that no such Order shall empower the Company to borrow more Money in the whole than One Third of the Amount of their Share Capital, or to borrow any Money whatever until the whole of their Share Capital is subscribed for, and One Half of it is actually paid up, and they prove to the Justice who is to certify, under the Provisions contained in the Fortieth Section of the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, that all such Capital has been subscribed for bona Jidey and is held by Subscribers or their Assigns, and for which such Subscribers or their Assigns are legally liable.

XVIII. Every such Order shall prescribe the Time within which the First General Meeting of the Shareholders shall be held, and may prescribe or provide for any such Thing relating to the Constitution, Management, Rights, Powers, or Duties of the Company as is ordinarily prescribed or provided for in a Special Act authorizing the Construction of a Railway and incorporating a Company for that Purpose.

XIX Every such Company, and no other, shall be deemed to be a Tramway Company within the Meaning of this Act, and (subject to the other Provisions of this Act) the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, shall apply to every Tramway Company, and shall be incorporated with the Order constituting it, and (subject as aforesaid) the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, the Railways Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Railways Act (Ireland), 1851, shall apply to every Tramway authorized by any Order (whether a Tramway Company is thereby constituted or not), and shall be incorporated with every such Order.

XX. In the Construction of the said Acts in connexion with any such Order — r

The Expression " the Special Act," used in the said Acts, shall be taken to mean or apply to any such Order as and when confirmed by Act of Parliament;

The Expressions "the Undertaking" and "the Railway," used in the said Acts, shall be respectively taken to mean or apply to the Tramway and Works by such Order authorized;

The Expression "the Company/* used in the said Acts, shall be taken to mean, as to the Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, a Tramway Company, and ias to the said other Acts, the Persons or Person or Body Corporate or Company authorized by any such Order to make a Tramway; and the said Acts shall be read as if the Board of Works were therein named instead of the Board Of Trade," and as if Dublin were therein named instead of London.

XXI. It shall not be lawful for the Persons authorized to make a Tramway pnder this Act to begin to make the same without first depositing in like Manner as a Plan and a Section are herein-before required to be deposited a Plan and a Section (prepared in like Manner as the original Plan and Section) of all such Alterations from the original Plan and Section as shall be authorized by the Order in Council, and without also first furnishing a Duplicate thereof to the Board of Works.

XXII. For the Purposes of the Application of the Railways Act (Irelandf), 1851, to a Tramway under this Act, any Map, Plan, Book of Reference, and Section furnished to the Board of Work under this Act shall be sufficient, and the same shall be used and proceeded

4 S 2 on

689

Order to prescribe Capital, &e.

Order may empower Company to borrow, under Restrictions.

Order to prescribe for

Management,

&c. of Company.

Railways Clauses Consolidation Act and others incorporated with Order in Council.

Construction of incorporated Acts with Order in Conncik

Plan and Section of authorized Alterations to be deposited before Tramway is begun.

Plan and Section furnished to Board of Works to be

tfd

sufficient for P^irpwcs of 14 & 15 Vict. a 70.

Some Provisions of incorporated Acts excepted.

Construction and Gauge.

Maximum: Tolls and Rates of Charge, with Regulations, in Sched. (B.)

Tramway may be varied, enlarged, &c.

On Abandonment, Damage to be made good, and Land taken to be used for Highway Pur-

m 2S' gS132.

oil in lieu qP&e Mritiri'or J*Iiihs ahd(£ Jifttids, Works/ arid* >Natt*e£i by the last-mentioned'Act rbqtniHet}.1' ^ShteK^Eslim&teSj' a«fd'ydch0Drt»ffc thereof and of Prirts tnei*eb^ ari a& by the kante Act! Inquired, ' shrill'i bo ted qh riik^rPlanner

as Plans and other Documents :arfc' bOteta^befbrri tainted 'tb1 bri KleptwiWli^and not othctwlst, i^d, '<Rri, '^rmi, i, bP, f^dt!<rfl6f''l3ejioiit'ioi!Bd phhlished^yad^ff^hatiAot- dJalPbe

altered accordingly". '*' ',; 15 /., f *'" *YMi *i*.' lb; D; rlr

, r ' M f 1, (1 1 i T £ J - - t ' H 1 <) It t\l|ur!|(!, !'/>*(, 111 J't}. (: f* t, -j, btTJ'jlii

XXIIII The Proviso#* of thfi.wdiClerks of Abe Peace Act)[f^lerks of

IW ItartlUmtmp aydt Po^tmasfe^; tbqipJr°y^of^(ivitjti f^be7 ^pjssing of

Roatfe and other Interference t/aqrewitfy (other, thqi> fjiq ^oyisio^t thq ^a^Clauses Consolid^tibo I Aeli Sfeqtjopst LXV *, LXVI, iLXV^.), .apef, tnqi /Pray^ops with respect to the Use of Locomotive Engines or other Moving Po^en* Animal

Po\tbri shall fce i^epted.p^t, of t^onIa<»i|pqrat^ hqyeppfh^ofp . madq, J ^afalLbe

lawful for tho 'L<wfd Liootqpftnh Uv?Counp&A? wd bjr any such Qrde^.i£^ Circum-atanceti of the Casetappear aq tq require* rtQfvary, qr}ftxcqpt; any, of tVe % any of

the said Aicttk gu r *>" n -nr ' »; .if<», (/, u'>g(-, i* (fI jo p >--iVI Yi jii t-^v Jmi>

XXIV. livery T/amway ihadri iiiidci/th^' Act ^hilPb0 wbfked by Mnkrihl; Poster only, and shall (unless hi any Cqse the Ordfet ih Codrrcit: otiher u^s^p^Wides)' 'W Otfrifctructed with Iron Jftails br ^rimiS. and ori the jGto'gfe^oPTiVA Fe^t'ITltqq{lhcbefS, .fr//^ny such Tramway may hec authorized' to1 bb iionStruJdtbd11 Wholly1 ori riJoto*^ o^ r Afty Post

Road, Road now or formerly a Turnpike RdAdl, ptifclfc Hi^hWay, fifcfeet, ! Sq^Y^fIMarket Phroe^ <Fomft>t Lane*; Alley*- Bridge, *nr, ^Quay, , og, other ^ubl& P|i^pug^r^ Pyzqtgef or Plabe whatlso«\*fiiv *1^ teveh i^u-i ir.r; ) ri' -t ) ul' M h »^irf^a«-.o >.\ vm:ipn>0

XXV. ^.nyJsuchT 01*de^ irl'UbdAcif 1 ^>rfesctilr6r tlfe ^icirhtiiil1 T^lis/<aiidrnRaee)iif

Charge1 to be taken arid1 mhde ftir Pdssei^efs/. AWrtih^; atid1 Thlngi cOrtveyed tJfr ]^he m 7ay. not, exceeding the Tolls and Hatdfc !of; Ch^rbje: ipeeffifed itt ^hbdule' thli

tni mby - '...L P' - '

: UUTLL..mi

____, __________ f(iV ^her UdlbiiMibif and" bhalrgih^ thqtW^; ^and^n Ahe

Absence ia an^ Ci^e bf^kriy ^rb'viiJ6h!s ^fbt thbse Pufpbses^ *0^ so fkr jife hoy such

special PrbVisipnW snail Act' fhb bia^itntittl' TblW: and Itote^oP' dhat^ej' ^hnd the

Regul^ions, shall Abe 1 )lf; 'u>

'; 1 _ 1 ' ' III, ', ' ti: .ni.ri -J .; , lit, I -Inij -lonj. Ml')/ 1 .'n-.ii) mu:/. >iif mni

XX-Vr.-1 It sWI be lawful fotiithe ^or Kl-ILliutenanfc itJ/zOonattalVlottl the tlikfe F^eedings and Inquhy tlri aw'(i0fein-b«f5ot« 8p«eififed beibgf takiin and mode^ tduMkft M'Qtt&f t^rthorizing tke kteiiditig, t>p lanlorbingi if any tTropri^ay already authorized, 9ndiil*$ Ma1lfnce

6fft4»<e ^ft^WH ^, ' ^abtft«d'wheri'BC>^:\Wi6dJ\elI^endoil/i6i enlatfeeii t X4/ohlOtrd$(ii^>ll have ttnyf ^ReSt tinWl iowfifhvetl byT dw tAot A>f Parliannleiit, Ihr<»e^ngh({or.thn obthinLi#gfof which fetell'ife 'ttihgtt Wphiailder'Iiterein4)il£bfe proridrfd rt-itik//reipeat (to>dnlforiginaitQtrdel> for the ^feking'Iof iSl'Tlftttiaiviiy. .U-'ni"(l , rr<'.iir/rH if , tr- 'im:!trr'rr, [-fn't IrTur il) .tnatniiotnA

Time for Completion may be extended, or Abandonment may be authorized.

, , ytgjballlie lawful forr the L or^ Lieu tenapi ' (n* Co a tj^i bry i^rddf/jifhen the

Croap ot-afly: Q^aj^r , to , render tit expedient, to ^xtena the^nVb liiiiited for

he Cpn^pl^tip^L^ a tTj^ip^|»y^or to authorize the, Abandonment or ^y ^£t $ a

Tyamwny:J?royrdea atways, that U shall pot be lawful for rthe Lord(Lient^ha[hf.ry'^uticil

fcemljfteA -

repnted T " "' T ' ' " '

thqrqof, i)xteaqeq fy Persons or Authorities

AW PcfiaoAf or J Authqrijty^cgnp^rnpjl a'p^lesiring 1

owners,

any l^fjTect untjV confirpied by ap Act, of ^iiament, Vroc^diiigs, folWL'Qtlixjich shall betaken w mqnnqr ^er^iu-|)efore provided >yi(b^ j-es^ect ^o an^hi^n^lOttfo for the making pi a/framway.; (t", Y\' *', 7 ' "r ' ' "*' '1 ' T' ' 1 "\ '*'JiUUr'', <

. r v 1 L J , ]lA I t ri ji, ,; .ji Ml vj; m tnoui

XXVIII. Provided always, ^Th^t any Orde^ini Council aiithqrisdng thb. Abandonment of a Tramway, or any Part thereof, shall be made and take effect aubjflirii^ jtfte^following

Restrictions and ConditidnsV ' ': 1 > *- u ^f*'* ri - ..'I- rA m 'tl .\

I. lTlie O^der shrill ^awch Provisioni as naay ja^heric >exp<ldielit<for compelling the

Owners of the Tramway to make good any Damage that may have been caused to

any

23n&, 34T.KIOTOP4 ft 1$|.

-V'r.l 0ibny(iEo#tjRoiid»); Ti«np)lte-RftR<l, IpU#?. iUigh"Mrjt i EJWft

IW^Thftrou^fyre, / Passage,

hmi'«. >Gdurt, ^B4, A.Upy»/Krygfvior' ftu^STn.or.ftt^jufr! .....

iml/Platfc, ibylonim.fOtoaequttprte ^tbfi.tqakjiqg of.^e.^fa^way, qr, .6f, $£, ^art.t^reqf ... bp aban<lww|, (i*s Riftf bp), : .1, uI 7. |, I ... ., '! u.

}2l:iJ t, QD/lhSilipplioftti^ifor.lthf Qrdqr.iU. .^leqjijen^t in Cpppcil

that nil or any Lands acquired by the Owners of the Tramway, tp^ tftP, Purposes .thereof, qr of the Part thereof authorized to be abandoned (as the Case may be), may I*tiYjpoe& thte Ufee ctf «U4 PhbM/and

TJi'III, t(Jff Of

wising, th* lining. of, tljp. ffliuw fty, ^v§40i»e^r ^hfirmc^or ]ij»

tl^e^.^i^uiqstitqces:^)! aM-; A, , n., T, vh ',; i

, -rtfbdr ekbbdftftt.

3; Ttftnfe Xbsendedf ajiy ^TiiH'P^b^sibti^rtd fity^r m all d*1 riUfch/ProVisldnk shftlbnbk -fun >i fcx^ettdiUh&Dahdk ^caWfedoy the G wfieVk of *th& TtthftWfly fir fcltePur^sefc thereof, *u 7 otofffit/Fart tftbrebfbbthotfsted tb ite iibdnd6bbd (^ tire !Cd4g may be), sh&Hgw to and vest in the Person or Persons from whom the same were acquired; Wis loirtheit , vhro i^flecltiTOnKe^f Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, (accp^djiy to boJoiiTt^jT^vrejPf/liw Lands.) discharged from all Estates, Interests, and Claims of the ihu> vnQ'vner^ipf [the, # HTO er

J*>4 vWtbpr^>ng, 11 ' 1! ' Jl 1 '

j<jTl)!/nef*jq. '

WhdffeWd Ptoitibtebs Atb^tiot'an^e^tWtitfig TfcimWayOi&pany, land'o^Tranrirttjr Company is constituted by the Order in Council authorizing th^Uhd»ilak«irg^v»ndt«lso whetfe ^Q, /P, rflmbbers..jwOffnMWting '^an^way p^iqromy, Jtmt nrq; nptj possessed of , a Tyajnyray SfftuMly bp^n/for Trafflq, jthep.nnd ,; jq. Qvjery suejy p^acj P.rqippters sl^alTj give Securityfop Cpnjjrtetiopi bf i tbs prQl^d.yr^v#^, fQ%yp:* j; -^V'", ' m 'V/'. u, .t y/^vi

9i^*ii5V[iitbin 5ovtyrt^i§ht -Hours qfte'rj A9:m^]cijig(of tie O^dei^ey jshaP^ with the Privity Hjj^ yittf <Jbef Awup3ta^t, G.enefal, ^(- p^, phmpery, ^tWr pay in his>fame jojo

oil* h ujth$, Jfoflfoof Mmi Mp^altp (jffxptTwentieth Part of ftheestimated

Cost of the Undertaking, Ofi^qp^ii j$, jbisNapmtl)p. Bank, , ot Irflq?idr or transfer into his Name there, Exchequer Bills or other Government Securities equivalent to ''.Xifnf) Stidi fttf thfe>Piji^Xvhi(iirBuchtBiIsforil5aGtirities[ij^ by

gnixii.PilothbUarB^(toib^ ptovedjby, , | (li(nfikkittgdanyj sdob phyfnbnt^' Depodlt/or ^hollr obta5?x 1 rrQW the

3n, t\ Il<5fetfklof 'Her Majesty^ JPrivy Coinbil dn Ireland; Wantant wilder, his/It^rf a^thpr doiil // t^iiiin^ tho sanie, andistalting thfe Tifclcjdf nthe iAec^u»t; t»^hieh:ew^ iMwey> Bills pr oib mi S^btmtiea^haillJbe>tphw»^* which Whirant abaildbei suftoientfAnUapitityi , to tjtei 'sfiid Accountant General for permitting such Payment, Deposit, , qaj; Transfer: Proyjjdqd Oili ^f the Accounl^Dt G^ne^'s O^&e being close^ at the Time

jut i) )ifi?"cn any suc" Payment, Deposit, or Transfer id te^bited, the satne inav ne made R v ^liall be received and acte^ on by the Bank of Ireland without his actual Privity:

pupt of ^nc^ry^.on the petition in a summary Way of the Persons or Person 2V)[X , (p^aJbi?^uch'Paymepi; ' D Transfer, or the Majority of such Persons, or the

Jicfl jj^tnryiyor^/or^uryiyqr 01 them, jhetein-after called the Depositors or Depositor, may i9ibo , aby Myney 80/1)^1^10^ a^ or Dividend accrued on any Bills or

Spcqrt^e^ SQ^d^popited oy transferred. !k> investSfl in any such Securities as the ovxal 1USr EWositjbr mp^ the Court approve:

gnnaoil gf

, 1 Ik; ficl?0

d'>inii w Wii!f!Hfiyr'll?lfl> l/aseS), and nqtj°tiicr\yi.-i, tin: ('ourt or unancery, on the rctition in a silt -K.1 ^9 1DeP, osltbr, shall order the Money, Bills or

Securities, so paid, deposited, or transferred, and any Securities in which any Investment may be made as aforesaid, and any Interest or Dividend accrued thereon 1o JiiomirehpwcUvelj^ toiheipafidjoil transftrijrtd to or info tb^iNames w JS^HUtt.vf.thpiPvyn^1-01^ Suiv/oli«^r>Bep<teiti»^i*a©ljt> -.mm I-m -, »>:.! t).i li.-.d- , Ivl|i mfl v, .; s.., f

(1.) If an Act of Parliament confirming the Order in CwfltR whhiWspqet. to wliiqh o.It ijnilhquto> 1 Buuh>/Payment* Ppposit, ox Teahafert'fe , to#de, Jioee, jiRt .pae8 in the |Seasion Ot Ii-.'rlJUM II J ..J y, .; il ' > fil *j .'* j. ..<-.(1 y, v j. .* vt, i; u; r. i 1 io - , (; Current

X"-

m

poses, or to gobkcklo . ori^itydChrner.

- rf: I -

l r ." .n .1 .111*.-./

Deposit as Security for Completion by a Colony. > r

t*.* r->h )\

.iv -!.*;

, r:.-| \ ... .; i

: f . V ': ' 1 '1 I. *: 1 .: / .l . , y. i

!".

m

Deposit, "where Time extended.

In other Cases other Security for Completion to be taken.

Expenses to be paid by Promoters.

Power to Promoters and County Surveyor to enter and survey.

2S* & 24" VICTORIA c. 152.

current at the Date of the Order, or, if Parliament be not then sitting, then in the Session beginning next after that Date:

(2.) If such an Act does so pass, and within the Time limited for the Completion of the Tramway the Company open it for Traffic, or prove to the Board of Works that they have paid up One Half of their Share Capital, and have expended for the Purposes of the Order a Sum equal to such Half, or else execute a Bond in twice the Amount paid into the Bank, or represented by the Deposit or Transfer aforesaid, conditioned for Payment to Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, of that Amount, in the event of their failing either to open the Tramway for Traffic, or to give such Proof as aforesaid, within the Time limited for the Completion of the Tramway (such Bond to be prepared to the Satisfaction of and deposited with the Board of Works, and to be made with a Surety or Sureties approved of by the Board of Works):

5. If an Act confirming the Order passes as aforesaid, and the Time limited for Completion

of the Tramway expires before it is opened for Traffic, or before such Proof as aforesaid is given, then the Money, Bills, or Securities paid, deposited, or transferred, and any Securities in which any Investment may have been made as aforesaid, and any Interest or Dividend accrued thereon respectively, or the Monies secured by any Bond given as aforesaid, (as the Case may be,) shall, immediately on the Expiration of the Time so limited, be forfeited to Her Majesty, and be paid or transferred, by the Officer or Person in whose Name the same shall then be standing, or by whom the same may be recovered and received, to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer, and shall then be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom:

6. The Certificate of the Board of Works that a confirming Act of Parliament has or has

not passed as aforesaid, or that the Tramway has or has not been opened for Traffic, or that such Proof or such Bond as aforesaid has or has not been given, shall be conclusive Evidence thereof.

XXX. Where an Order in Council authorizes an existing Tramway Company, being possessed of a Tramway actually open for Traffic, to make another Tramway, or extends the Time limited for the Completion by a Tramway Company of their Tramway, then and in every such Case the Order shall provide that after, the Expiration of a Time thereby limited (not exceeding in the former Case Five and in the latter Case Three Years from the passing of the confirming Act) the Payment of Dividend on the Company's ordinary Capital shall be suspended until the Tramway to which the Order relates is opened for Traffic.

XXXI. Where the Provisions of either of the Two last preceding Sections are not applicable, the Lord Lieutenant in Council shall make such other Provision as may seem fit for securing the Completion of the Tramway within the Time limited.

XXXII. All Costs, Charges, and Expenses necessarily incurred in connexion with the making of any such Order in Council, or any Proceeding preliminary thereto, shall be paid by the Promoters, and all other Costs, Charges, and Expenses shall be in the Discretion of the Lord Lieutenant in Council.

XXXIII. For the Purposes of any Application made or intended to be made under this Act, it shall be lawful for the County Surveyor, his Assistants, Servants, and Workmen, and also for the Promoters, their Engineers, Surveyors, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, at all reasonable Times, and causing as little Inconvenience as may be, to enter on any Lands in or near the Line of the proposed Tramway, (not being Lands which cannot be authorized to be taken under this Act for the Purposes of a Tramway, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner thereof,) and to survey or otherwise examine the same, and to dig or bore therein; provided that he or they first obtain Authority so to do in Writing under the Hand of a Justice of the Peace at Petty Sessions in and for the District where the Lands are situate, such Justice not having any pecuniary Interest in the Undertaking. The Promoters shall also make full Compensation for any Damage caused under this Provision, the Amount

-n 111 1 of

2S" VICTORIAEi 'c. 15a

of such Compensation to be fixed by Two or move Ju&tfoeSDf the Peace at Petty Sessions in and for the same District (whose* Order shall be Conclusive), and to be recovered as any Compensation Money for Lands takeh by the Promoters is recoverable. r

XXXIV. No Deposit required by this Act shall be of any Effect if jnade on a Sunday; and any Deposit made after Eight o'Clock in the Evening of any Week Day but Saturday shall be deemed to be made on the following Day, and if made after that Hour on a Saturday shall be deemed to be made on the following Monday.

XXXV. The Secretary of a Grand Jury and Clerk of Union shall make a Memorandum ip Writing on every Pocument deposited with him under this Act showing the Time of Deposit, and shall permit any Person to inspect and examine the same at all reasonable Hours and during a reasonable Time, and to make Copies of or Extracts from it

XXXVI. Everything required to be done under this Act by the Grand Jury of a Comity shall be deemed to be a Part of their Fiscal Business; and all Enactment^ for the Time being in force respecting the Fiscal Concerns of a County, or the Fiscal Business to be transacted by a Grand Jury, before or at any Assizes, shall apply to everything done by a Grand Jury under this Act, so far as the same Enactments shall be applicable thereto.

XXXVII. With respect to the County of Dublin and the County of the City of Dublin, for the Purposes of this Act, Two successive Presenting Terms for those Counties respectively shall be in the Place of the Summer and Spring Assizes for other Counties, and the Times at which Notices shall be giveti, Deposits made, and other Proceedings taken shall be from Time to Time regulated by General Rules made in manner 'herein-after provided.

XXXVIII. Where a proposed Tramway lies wholly or partly in a City, Borough, or Town Corporate* or other Place or District in which the public Roads ar$ not under the Control of the Grand Jury of the County within which such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Place, or District is locally situate, then and in every such Case, for the Purposes of this Act, the Grand Jury of the County of the City or County of the Tbwn, Municipal Corporation, Town or other Commissioners having the Control of the public Roads in such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Place, or District, of other Body having such Control, Of in case all such public Roads are not under the Control of any One such Body then each such Body as to the public Roads under its Control, shall be in the Place of the Grand Jury of the County, with all the like Rights, Powers, and Duties \ and the Secretary, Town Clerk, Clerk, or other like Officer of any such Body shall be in the Place of the Secretary of the Grand Jury of a County, with all the like Rights, Powers, and Duties j and (except as, to the County of the City of Dublin which is herein-before provided for) Meetings of each stich Body shall be held for the Purposes of this Act at Times as nearly as may be corresponding with the respective Times of the Summer and Spring Assizes for the County within which such City, Borough, Town Corporate, Place, or District is locally situate:

Provided always, that the Power of any such Body (including the Municipal Corporation of the City of Dublin) to approve or disapprove of any Undertaking shall be subject to the following Restrictions 2

1, Such Approval or Disapproval shall have no Effect unless it is determined on by a Majority of not less than Two Thirds of such Members of the Body as shall be present at a Meeting of the Body specially summoned by Notice in Writing, specifying the Time and Place and Object of the Meeting, delivered at the usual or last known Place of Abode of each Member of the Body Seven clear Days at least before the Day of the Meeting:

2. Any Five Members of the Body dissenting from the Approval of any Undertaking may, within One Month after such Approval, appeal against the same to the Lora tiieutenaut in Council, and on any such Appeal being brought such Notice shall be

, , given by Advertisement or otherwise, and such Persons shall be heard in Support of

, and in opposition to the Appeal, as shall be from Time to Time directed by General Rules maae in manner herein-after provided:

Provided

6»Si

Rules as to Deposits.

Secretary of Grand Jury,

&c. to permit Inspection, &c.

Proceedings of Grand Jury to be Part of Fiscal Business.

Counties of Dublin and of City of Dublin.

Tramway in City or Town.

ffl

V '

(ITt '! >T 10(1 Ivi i.j >/.

As to altering Level of Streets when Tram wavs

i^'through 1

lirrm i't'f tiO'j/, '1 lot .i'>L J in

Persons interested in Tramways not to vote, but not to be disqualified.

-linff !m imD

(T(?, 1 >/. /f V

(ji

ol /\j<j(, o , Oli«li[M I

Promoters of Tramways on tidal Lands to deposit Map at the Admiralty.

V; i + ri-vr iilflT most I)-.*?'] m */m Iin'Ui it) 'mon't

.u>L

f.l& , 2^ '-C. 458J

1 Provideditlko, ttiai fcfiere in any such Cllfyl'Bbrt>u£fhr, ' the public Roads or any of them shall, by virtue of any special Agreement or fry^UiflgS1 or^therwfee, bd ifa f#Ofc undeif the Cowiiwlcrf Ui(Body iiot being' thelRody^imfLa^ B&fii£or entitled \)b briYe such(Control; theiy and mbvqiiy such Oase^ for»' the Furpcae^bF thb Act; tftfe Body itr f&oi hftviageuchf Gdntrol staaM "te deemed to be thel Body tq^hwhithfApreaciil Frfttisiori applies/ > 'v*'v'() 'h t> .fi v.i*f. t:. 1 vM»r .firynnpn .-n[

T^hq^e any ^riin^ay shall be ma^e through >ny City or Town] It stiaij nof lawful to al^ the^qv^ of quy $tre>et ^erein without the Consent of^Two Thirds ^, ' tfip Owners of the flouses adjoining the same, or in such a Manner as to prevent convenient Ata&bss all the Houses1 adjoining1 stich Street, hud in rib Case shall! thie LeVel ibeValleted idofe thbta FPU* Feet; 1 Vnd1 when Bny Street shall be so raisdd or sunk; the wtbelle oftiiE S«#fa£fe bf ^the Itoadway of1 such Streiet shill be brought by the Promoter* toOflieifsabm X^eb'uUlessdf shattt ap^eaf to *the Board Of Works that such Alteration is objebtiwadaie.^aa

v r XL. tf any Member, qI a (jjfancf $ury, Municipal Corporation, 1 or Body of Commissionpr^ gr other Body having; the Control of the public Roads in any ^purity' City, Borough, Town Corporate, Llacc^ or District, shall ble atso the Promoter or Owner or lOne[of jtne ^qp^fqcs, .qft' 05'4 ' Member. 95' Sto^holaert of a Tramway, fompariy^ beiijg jftijj

Qvqupjs; of, .ft TWVM; lyw?g , m. par^. VrjtVia ?uph County, £ity, Borough], ^owij

Corporate, Place, or District* it sJ^lI.r^oV he jawipLfor hin^ to vote on or otherwise ^t 1^ relation to any Question directly or indirectly concerning such Tramway or Tramway UbrtipaWf Xbrit no Member urf Shareholder of a Tramway Compapy shall bd dlbqfuilified from being a Mdndber any s^bh M^Aidpal Cbrpoiwlion; Body 6f fomtni&bmtiXjoi'Qlito Body as aforesaid by Reason of, ianjr Contract entered into betwiett1 the Tramw&y-Comphny Ufid''Such'Municipal Corporation1, Body of Oomririssiorier^ or other Rody^i Provided always that nothing herein-bWbrW contained ihnlt be deemed tb'^nder iinValid any Rewk|tion)pr Act of a Grand Jury, ' Muriicipjal <Cor^oriujion, J'Body of Qomntigsicm^rs^ or other iBodyfrai aforesaid on or in relaririn to'whiihanyPbrsotfShall l^fcMindtO'hwrd roted^or»dfcdd>dontrafjf to1 this Enactment. f,; !" ) *H << ?* -f' 1 *1 v ' 'rf *'t ': -J I-rrc >b»; i I lot

XLI. Where any fa^rt. of q, tramway proposed to )^e made oh tidal t^ancls Flow of ordinary Spqpg'Tj^es, t^qJPrppK)}er$ ahall^ori jpr ^fore^the First I^ay of^a^in the Tear in which thpir. Apphpatlpn, iy hegun^epps^ wjith^bo, ^eqrptary Admiral of the XT, x)Lit|^4i W: .the^cmtpIg'sioViers, for, .expcu^ihj ^, the^Otece

High Admiral, a Copy of so much of the Plari and Section aforesaid as relates Such tidal Lands. 1 The* RhsftVl ^bf^Whrksi in thek^oni^e of 4heir/pnblio Inifwfoy/ sh^ ieh^tb^ oTn^ thb lait^ihpntibneii R^bireitoerit hag been complied with, affd^ohillvtabeiiilb fcBi'i'sid^rbtibri^(L^tnihriniCatknr that thb Lord High Admiral of Ooritmissk»erqfiD% tbfak°6^ fe ^tdlhe Bb«rd df'Wok-bs relpisfetin^'erifli sfcaii ^ifa/^iir

Report respecting the Undertaking refer to such Communication, and state day'Reixrfri-

SP^RT %X PW T to .'A?n Vte.

Lands not to be taken without Owner's Consent, except Lands adjoining to public Hoads.

not tftf'tfe'taktin without Owner's Consent.

, *p "f>l iff

vyupcil qnqq^ this Act. if tlfe same wejre an ApplKjiauon to ^jarp^ei^y Fpr ^i^ch

rfM^..m-j -iIj xi!/II< iNbthing^ 'i# this Act ^, iria*iy'Ofli&r tmder itf shall bri dieemedqtjt^ smtboViz^ qfa ^itarifls PuiTt>s^fi df] thb Urikletf^ ConMfaCiri^Writ&flgqjf

; thleOdiiiV th^of, ', exfeept|such Linds ^may be Jno|timofe thari Thlrt^ distantiat ^y

1), Pi4ntIbto A'lLki^ri^ari^n^alfyTtem/the^Oebtw df Vbriie:Po»t R(^l> Tuinfi^kte'i Road, public1 HJgbwa^, 1 Bri(^ei WQuay .: h.-rl hiu: u n*)d -w»v/id

XLIII. Nothing in this Act, or in any Order under it, shall tfc& deritnel to^Julfi^rize l!oJfbe([taken! for «the Purposes of ItbeiUrideirtairiDgMai^Mansion'HPUse^'W fJbih

built5of Stone hr iricfc, with Linie; *or ariy^of the Outballdingis^or Offifcee thirerfy or any Part of any Yard, Haggard, Garden, Orrihird, or Flkntatibln attachdd or Iftelongint thereto, ^or a^y Prirt of any Boer Park or otheri Park or Benaiesney of planted or brnameMal Walk, ^Brivei Approach; ot AVonud^ or any> Ground l oinamentafty/plaiitedi or* of onj^ Lawn

or Bleach Green, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner thereof respectively, ? 1 - r \ i. - although

Cioopie

m i&34tYieflKWf*fi>.c».i53.

a^gfi .(the, ^nje way y$^suph as inrth$. last preceding Section is

XlilVl vN^thmgjitt' thii Aotj ot ini any Oird6r Under it, shall be deemed to empower the Ow&eraitof'Promoted of a Tramwhy to impede* at any Time, the Owners of any Sewer, Braini iMafiti^tMr Pipe ftorid halving Access tb the tiame for the; Purpose of cleansing, repairing, removing, adding to, or amending it, or to give the Owners or Promoters of ft T^ajnw*jy pny Qlain^ for Coppensption or Damages for or by reason of any unavoidable %ry tp or jfor ajiy temporary Stoppage of the Tramway that may be necessary for or in the Execution of py $uch Cleansing, Repair, Removal, Addition, or Amendment.

I> XLV*! It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in Council, by Order, to make from Time to Time sdch Oeneral Rulos as ihaiy deem fitter the effectual Execution of this Act, said theiRegukti<m; of the ProdedUre on Appedisi, and on ltiquiries by the Board of Works, and ££neral)y of nil Proceedings under this Act, and also for fixing the Amount of any Fees, and the ^Allowaipe, Taxation, and, Payment of apy Costs, Charges, and Expenses to bV taken, allowed, and paid under ttys Act, and for the Remuneration of any* County

vcyor, Engineer, Surveyor, or other Person employed in the Execution of this Act under thy direction or Authority of a Grand Jury or of the Board of Works or otherwise, and fronji Time.to Time to reyoke or amend any such Rules; but no such Rules shall have any Effect until the Expiration of Orie Month after the same shall have beeh published in the tiublin Gazette, an4 laidbefore both Houses of Parliament.

VI "Pli: 1 l<> I tl i - L 1 . r, , / *

I. XLVI.; The Adts specified ia Schedule (C.) tO this Act shall, as far as Circumstances iuXk admits and a* far as those Acte are apt inconsistent with this Act, appty to Tramways undqrthis Act iFor.! the Purposes! of those AjOts* a Tramway under this Act shall be deemed ita be ift Railway (although the Moving Poweftf is Animal only), and the Word Company/I m any of Ahoa^ Acts shall be deemed to mean the Owners of a Tramway under thb Awt (whether^a.Gompnny or not), and the Board of Works shall be deemed to bei initbeiPhce oftfae Lords of , thd; C^itiraUtecof Her Majesty's Privy Council appointed for Trade and Foreign Plantations, and with respect to the Constabulary, the Inspector G^nera^of Pon^bulary shall be deepned to be in the Place of thp Secretary-at-War, in any nf those, Acta, mentioned1 r Provided always, tT^t with respect to Tramways under this Act, suen* Rates of Sgpedas the Bbarid of Works may from Time to Titne direct shall Ibe lyeemed t be substituted hi''Sections 'VT' and XI. of the Act fourthly in the same '^chedule specified for the Rates therein respectively mentioned oi* referred to.

u ruKIjVnj-NotJiiftgSn this Act or in any Order under it, shall be deemed to exempt any 'Xir&Bttoyffrdmf the Provteions, iof any fUtuTe General Ant relating to Tramways or Tramway Gompaaiesy oriheli) Aocctontej Ar froid dnyfutune lie vision or Alteration, under Authority offPariktoeit of the mftxtouun Tolls or Rates of Charge authorized by this Act* or any Qcdefrl under it* hu- ri'^< m imi, ..

/ i '^qvided 'always/'That if at *Jtny Ttbie it shall appear to the Lord Lieutenant

in Council to he expedient that any Provision that may be hereafter adopted in the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament relative to Private Bills should pe applied to Tramways or Proceedings under this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant in Council, hjy Orders fa apply nimh Ptfoi^ in such Manner as may seem .fit ,; natydth-

iStswMflg/ thiit^itbeia^aeiwith; any of- the Regulations .contained in tlpe vSchedumsj-tP fthte Act, i*&d nr amend any such Order .; hut

wt& the, Expiration oif . One Mouth after the same sb^U have been published in the Dublin Gazette, and laid before hpth Houses of Parhanipnt,

/! The^ Exfetewign ifMkeii JUmd/Lieute^ means the Lord Lieutenant er

v i otWi Chief rGovemor of fG^etftorri'of/rafawd for the Time being, by and with the

, om Advicetof Her Majesty's PriivyiGdimciLin Ireland; -

, A'; Thfe Woidi^Ckiunty " Includes.-a»y Riding or'Dirision of a*County for which Riding or n I Division separate Asdbe* aarei held* but mot a County of/a City or County of a

23 & 24 Vict. 4 T The

w

Owners of Sewers, Stc. not to be impeded from Access.

Lord Lieutenant in Council may make General Rules for Execution of this Act.

General Railway Acts in Sched. (C.) to apply to Tramways.

Tramways not exempted from future General Acts.

Order in Council msy apply amended Standing Orders.

Interpretation of Terms.

M

698i 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 152.

The Word " Land*" includes Lands, Houses, Building *, and Hereditaments of an/ Tenure;

The Word " Owner," used with reference to Lands, means any Person who, under the Provisions of any Order in Council made under this Act, is enabled to sell and convey Lands to the Owners of a Tramway;

And the Words " Persons " and " Person " shall (unless there be something repugnant in the Subject or Context) be construed to include a Body Corporate or a Company.

[Short Title.]

Extent of Act L. This Act shall extend to Ireland only, and may be cited as '*'The Tramways (Ireland) Act, 186

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Part I.

Notices by Advertisement

1. Every Advertisement shall state —

fl.) The Objects of the intended Application:

(2.) The Description of the Termini, with the Names of the Parishes, Townlands, Townships, and Extra-parochial Places from, through, or into which the Tramway is intended to be made:

(3.) The Times and Places at which the Deposit required by Section II. of this Act will be made:

(4.) The Intention of the Promoters (if they intend) to apply for Powers for the compulsory Purchase of Lands.

2. The whole Notice shall be included in One Advertisement, which shall be headed with, a short Title descriptive of the Undertaking.

3. The Advertisement shall be inserted in Three successive Weeks in some one and the same Newspaper of the County in which the Lands to winch the Application relates are situate, or if there be none then in a Newspaper of some adjoining or neighbouring County. Where the Application relates to Lands situate in more than One County, the Advertisement shall be inserted once in each of Three successive Weeks in a Newspaper published at least Twice a Week in Dublin, and in a Newspaper of the County in which is the principal. Office of the Promoters, and in a Newspaper of every County in which any new Work is proposed to be executed, or in which any Lands are situate in respect of which any new or further Powers for the Completion of Works already authorized are intended to be applied for.

4. The Advertisement shall in all Cases be also inserted'once in the Dublin Gazette.

Part II.

Form in which Flans, Books of Reference, Sections and Cross Sections, shall be prepared.

Plan.

1. Every Plan required to be deposited shall be drawn to a Scale of not less than Four Inches to a Mile, and Shall describe the Line or Situation of the whole of the Work (no alternative Line Or Work being in any Case permitted), and the Lands in or through which it is to be made, maintained, varied, extended, or enlarged, or through which every Communication to or from the Work shall be made; and where it is the Intention ofthfe Parties to apply for Powers to make any lateral Deviation from the Line of the proposed'Work, the Limits of such Deviation shall be defined upon the Plan, «lnd all Lands iholuded within1 such Limits shall be marked thereon; and unless the whole of such Plan dhalbbb upon a Scale of not less than a Quarter of an Inch to every One hundred Feet an enlarged Plan' shall be added of any Building, Yard, Courtyard, or Land within the Curtilage1'Of any

Building,

23° & "4° VICTORIAE, c. 152. W

Building, or of any Ground cultivated as a Garden either in the Line of the proposed Work or included within the Limits of the said Deviation, upon a Scale of not less than a Quarter of an Inch to every One hundred Feet.

2. The Plan shall exhibit thereon the Distances in Miles and Furlongs from One of the Termini; and a Memorandum of the Radius of every Curve, not exceeding One Mile in Length, shall be noted on the Plan in Furlongs and Chains; and where tunnelling, as a Substitute for open cutting, is'intended, such tunnelling shall be marked by a dotted Line

on the Plan.

3. If it be intended to divert, widen, or narrow any Turnpike Road, public Carriage Road, Navigable River, Canal, Tramway, or Railway, the Course of such Diversion, and the Extent of such widening or narrowing, shall be marked on the Plan.

Book of Reference.

4. The Book of Reference to every such Plan shall contain the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of all Lands in the Line of the proposed Work, or within the Limits of Deviation as defined upon the Plan, and shall describe such Lands.

Section.

5. The Section shall be drawn to the same horizontal Scale as the Plan, and to a vertical Scale of not less than One Inch to One hundred Feet, and shall show the Surface of the Ground marked on the Plan, the intended Level of the proposed Work, the Height of every Embankment and the Depth of every Cutting, and a Datum horizontal Line, which shall be the same throughout the whole Length of the Work or any Branch thereof respectively, and shall be referred to some fixed Point (stated in Writing on the Section) near either of the Termini.

6. The Line of the Tramway marked on the Section shall correspond with the upper Surface of the Trams.

7. Distances on the Datum Line shall be marked in Miles and Furlongs to correspond with those on the Plan; a vertical Measure from the Datum Line to the Line of the Tramway shall be marked in Feet and Inches, or decimal Parts of a Foot, at each Change of the Gradient or Inclination; and the Proportion or Rate of Inclination between each such,

Change shall also be marked.

8. Wherever the Line of the tramway is intended to cross any Turnpike Road, public Carriage Road, navigable River, Canal, Tramway, or Railway, the Height of the Tramway, over or Depth under the Surface thereof, and the Height and Span of every Arch of all Bridges and Viaducts by which the Tramway will be carried over the same, shall be marked in Figures at every Crossing thereof; and where the Tramway will be carried across any such Turnpike Road, public Carriage Road, Tramway, or Railway on the Levpl thereof, such Crossing shall be so described on the Section, and it shall also be stated if such Level will be unaltered.

9. If any Alteration be intended in the Water Level of any Canal, or in the Level or

Rate of Inclination of any Turnpike Road, public Carriage Road, Tramway, or Railway, which will be crossed by the Line of Tramway, then the same shall be stated on the Section, and each Alteration shall be numbered; and Cross Sections, in reference to the said Numbers, on a horizontal Scale of not less than One Inch to every Three hundred and thirty Feet, and on a vertical Scale of not less than One Inch to every Forty Ffcet, shall be addecb which shall show the present Surface of such Canal, Road, Tramway, or .Railway, and the intended Surface thereof when alteredand the greatest of the present and intended Rates of Inclination of such Road, Tramway, or Railway shall aka be marked in Figures thereon; and where any public Carriage Road is.crossed.on the Level, a Cross Section of such Road shall also be added, and all such Cross Sections shall extend for Two hundred Yards on each Side of the centre Line of the Tramway

10. Wherever the extreme Height of any Embankment ori the extreme Depth ofi any Cutting shall exceed Five Feet, the extreme Height over or Depth under the Surface of the Ground shall be marked in Figures upon the Section; and if. anty Bridge or Viaduct of

4 T 2 more

2 i&2#r vacmaR'W.-c/i sa.

more thfemr' Three:Arbhes cdnUl intervene an Any Einkankment/orif any Tiinnel shall intemnfe inmny Gutting, the extreme Height or Depth shall be marked, in Figures on each of the Parts into which such 'Embankment or Cutting shall his divided; by such Bridge; -ViadUcfy orlunneL; v, i; v, n.r -.v, a. i> .-1M0

11. Where tunnelling, as a Substitute for open cutting, or a Viaduct as a.Sulwtititte.fijr solid Embankment, is intended, the .same shall be marked on the Section.

12. Every-Elan rand Section shall h© signed by the Engineer of the Promoters.

Part III.

Notices to Owners, Lessees, and Occupiers of Lands. , n.

1. The Notice required to be given by Section III. of this Act shall be given in respect pftall il^aftdfli intended to be takoivor which may* be taken as, being wijfchia the , Lwite j

<dq£n&d! upon ih©; Plan, /and ah^U be*ria nearly hsttoay , bb iniithe. fFpMndetifiwth in the Appendix marked (A.) . iii, > im

2. Such Notice shall be given by being delivered personally to -every Person to whom tb§r$WPM to JbfiLgiven, or by being left at his usual or last known Place of Abode, or, in his Absence; from the United Kingdom, with his Agent, on or before t|he First Day of May, or Ivy bgrri^ fowled by Post in a registered Letter, addressed with a sufficient Direction tip His usual Ijjacc of Abode* and pqsted piv.or before the Twenty-eighth Day of April at t&e/Gh'tefT Post Office in Dublin, Belfast, Cork, or Athlorie, ht such Hours and according to

Re^jhlAfinas'sis Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall from. Titne to Time appoint for the Posting ^nd Registration of such Letters.

3. In all Cases the written Acknowledgment of the Person applied to shall, in the Absence

of other Proof, be sufficient Evidence of a Notice having been given, and in case'oFlTNotice having been forwarded by Post in a registered Letter, the Production of the Post Qfftfe Receipt for such Letter, duly stamped, in such Form as the Postmaster Geiteral shall appoint, shall be sufficient Evidence of the due Delivery of such Letter; provided it appear that the same was properly and sufficiently directed, and was not returned - by the Post Office as undelivered. -m )* »; n >

4. Except in the Case of Delivery of Letters by Post, a Notice served orrp Shtid&y shall be of no Effect, and a Notice served after Eight o'Clock in the Evening of atiy We4k Day but Saturday shall be deemed to be served on the following Day, and if served.af^i: ^hat Hour on a Saturday shall be deemed to be served on the following Monday.,

---- :<» hi1.1 1 *1 'j111*i *

Appendix (A.) to Part III .: - . j . m i -

i; v ' >l: .4 in//

[Form referred to in Regulation \.] *. r

No. ---- fr.i4

Sic, ---- — __________

We beg to inform you, that Application is intended to t|e made to the Lord Lieutenant in Council, through the [Grand Jury of the County of. v r, or as the

Case may he,] at the ensqing [Summer or a^ tke Case> may bey\ for an Order in

Council [here insert a short Statement of the Objects of the prdtpbfea Order], and that the Property mentioned in the annexed Schedule, or some Part thereof, in Which we understand you are interested as therein stated, will be required for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, according to the Line thereof as at present laid out, or may be required to be taken under the usual Powers of Deviation to the Eitent of Yaorcte roa either, S<ie

of the said Line which will be applied for, and will be passed through^ iantbei Manner mentioned in such Schedule. <; / >d Mli

We also beg to inform you, that a Plan and Section of the said Uddcrtakk^1 a Book of Reference thereto, have been or will be deposited with the [Secretary bf me Gfand

Jury of the said County, arastheCas^muybe], oa^>rbe&re-lhe ---- -of__________, nn

which tiia Number? set forth

As we are required to report whether you assent to or dissent) from jtbk^DOfjjoaed U taking, or whether you are neuter in respect thereto, -you will oblige us by writing your t Answer

23" I&.241 -VICfflOELB, - c/.l 52.

Answer of A^nty Dissent, mNeutrality im the Form) left herewith, artdretmin%thb same toins your Sign^dreiortor iaieforel <bfl; Da^botf /* nest; and

itf there/should be vny JLrtoi. otf Misdedeription in« the annexed; Schedule, -we shall fefcl obliged by your informing us thereof, at your earliest Convenience, that we may conroct ithe 8ttine^itfaeu1r-l>ell^J'>-'' *; t ..m; - *! n; u rii-.'j mh.o .'i r , Ti M

" ' 1* - f \Vb arey Sir, 1 d -1 J -M' '», dn. hi\l

i ... -m. ..Hi . /- i. i Yonfmorit obedientiSei-varifs, ^-»/.l -'i

To -

e§»

JVote. — If the Application be forwarded by Post, the Words " Parliamentary Notice" are to be printed or written on the Cover.

ScHBi^niE rbfeiffed to in th© fere^aing' Notied, dbscribing the Property1 therein' ailulJod tbi i'< and th© Madne^ id1 which1 the LiAe of the p^bpbedd Work, ! a^dettnoatbd ^ijpbii the PWn and Section, will affect the same. A I? vl u iir /d no.ji; A

To^bshipj iT-ojw^nlaadi or Extra.* parochial " Piaffe1 »' *

De^riptfdn

: d; A to bn mo/)

.*/i

/I rJ to

t-

* »< , 1V

* jin'J

' (Wrierr |' 'Xfefeaki11 Ooktyi^.

Jl</ ) .7-1:0 m 1 , nildn(1 ilf n<cmt-(j" 1 Avt-drl/ Till >M-k 1 i(-ur< io in..pii'f T11*mrivjIrJlv/< if>1'; /I 'iofin n

cin dt tH& Sectitti^ (iof t diei lLkM i dejl^sited^ I fsho^i^t , the

I 'ri'Het'et/thkJ Swperly'ittI

iWr-

H

(t ) Hi; til fc

7^T7T

jvtriv.n

. nf Ji* iui» orb vlni>i

0'xmbi /; ] FoorwTftT^ od ^oo^T thTTo 171

>f ti

'F^d^e^fey i in1 '; the djoiLiile of tW

t :phes«it [iaidt. out (including

lh; t|r?P^>. iWl

is within.Eleven. JJ:, iViir(i8; of th^e-1 abouts, of thfe1 centre Line of such proposed Work, as delineated upon the Plan).

[Junk removed.]

lonakd/^ lAilitfli afV the Deviation a dih*en[^d>i^r

hnr

i'arisf), Township, Towakanch

pr^trftT, parochial S-lack '

02 '

[Junk removed.]

* iomnt. Pabt

23° & 24° VICTORIA; c. 152.

Part IV.

Lists of Owners, assenting, dissenting, and neuter.

Separate Lists shall be made of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers, to whom Notice has been given, distinguishing those who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of such Notice, or who have returned no Answer thereto; and where no written Acknowledgment has been returned to a Notice sent by Post, or where a Notice by Post has been returned as undelivered, the Direction of the Letter in which the Notice was sent shall be inserted in the Lists.

Part V.

Public Inquiry by Board of Works.

1. The Board of Works shall direct their Attention especially to the following Heads of Inquiry, and shall require Evidence from the Promoters thereon; namely, —

(1.) The Financial Arrangements made or proposed by the Promoters:

(2.) Where the Promoters propose that a Company should be incorporated by Order in Council for the Execution of the Undertaking, the Number and Amount of Shares actually subscribed for or agreed to be taken, and the Amount of Share - j Capital and of Loans proposed ter be authorized:

(3.) The Sufficiency of the Estimate for the Works:

(4.) The Merits, in an engineering point of view, of the proposed Tramway; the Character of the Gradients and Curves; the Number and Extent of the Tunnels, if any; the Crossings or other User of public Roads on the Level; ' ' 1 and any peculiar engineering Difficulties, with the Modes proposed for

overcoming them:

(5.) The Degree of Favour or Objection with which the Project is regarded by the Landowners and others in the Neighbourhood of the proposed Tramway.

2. The Board of Works shall hear in opposition to the Undertaking any such Owner, Lessee, Occupier, Company, Person, or Inhabitants as is or are entitled to be heard under the Provisions of this Act before a Grand Jury.

l- 3. The Board of Works may call for the Production of any Documents in the Possession or Power of the Promoters, or of any Company or Person admitted to be heard in opposition ' to the Undertaking, which the Board of Works may think necessary, and may exaipuie any such Person and his Witnesses, and the Witnesses for any such Company and for the Promoters, on Oath or otherwise, and administer any Oath or Declaration necessary for that Purpose.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Maximum Tolls and Rates of Charge, with Regulations.

Passengers. 1

1. The maximum Rates of Charge to be made by the Owners of the Tramway for the Conveyance of Passengers thereon, including the Tolls for the Use of the Tramway and of Carriages, and Cost of Moving Power, and every other Expense connected with such Conveyance shall be —

For every Passenger conveyed in a First-class Carriage, the Sum of i Twopence; per Mile:

For every Passenger conveyed in a Carriage of inferior Class, the Sum of One Penny u Halfjpewny perMile .:

2. The foregoing Restrictions shall not extend to any Special Trains that triay be required to run on the Tramway, but shall apply-oply to the Express and Ordinary Trains

appointed

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 152.

appointed irom Time to Time by the Owners for the Conveyance of Passengers and Goods on the Tramway.

3. Every Passenger travelling on the Tramway may take with him his ordinary Luggage, not exceeding One hundred Pounds in Weight for First-class Passengers and Sixty Pounds in Weight for Passengers of inferior Class, without any Charge being made for the Carriage thereof

Goods.

4. Subject to the Provisions herein-after contained respecting small Parcels and single Articles of great Weight, the Tolls to be taken by the Owners of the Tramway in respect of the Tonnage of all Articles conveyed in Carriages thereon, or on any Part thereof, shall be —

(Class 1.)

For Dung, and all Sorts of Manure, Chalk, and all undressed Materials for the Repair of Roads or Highways:

For all Coals, Coke, Culm, Ironstone, and Iron Ore:

For all Charcoal, Limestone, Stones for building, pitching, and paving, Bricks, Tiles, Slates, Clay, and Sand:

For all Iron, Lead, Tin, and Tin Plates (except Nails, Utensils, or other Articles of Merchandise):

Not exceeding for the Use of the Tramway One Penny per Ton per Mile:

If conveyed in Carriages provided by the Owners of the Tramway, an additional Sum ' per ton per Mile not exceeding One Eighth of a Penny:

If drawn or propelled by Power provided by the Owners of the Tramway, a further Sum per Ton per Mile not exceeding Three Eighths of a Penny.

(Class 2.)

For all other Goods, Wares, Merchandise, Articles, Matters or Things (except Carriages, herein-after otherwise provided for), not exceeding for the Use of the Tnypaijr^y Twopence per Ton per Mile :; ,

If conveyed in Carriages provided by the Owners of the Tramway, a further Spin per Ton per Mile not exceeding One Halfpenny: v,

If drawn or propelled by Power provided by the Owners of the Tramway, a further Sum per Ton per Mile not exceeding One Halfpenny.

(Class 3.);

For every Carriage, of whatever Description (not being a Carriage adapted and used for Travelling on a Tramway, and not weighing more than One Ton), not exceeding for the Use of the Tramway Sixpence per Ton per Mile, and the Sum of Twopence per Mile for every additional Quarter of a Ton or fractional Part of a Quarter of a Ton above One Ton which any such Carriage may weigh:

If any such Carriage be conveyed on a Truck or Platform provided by the Owners of the Tramway, an additional Sum per Mile not exceeding Twopence:

If drawn or propelled by Power provided by the Owners of the Tramway, a further Sum per Mile not exceeding Twopence.

Animals.

5. The Tolls to be taken by the Owners of the Tramway in respect of Animals conveyed in Carriages on the Tramway shall be, —

(Class 4.)

For every Horse, Mule, Ass, or other Beast of Draught or Burden, Ox, Cow, Bull, or Head of Neat Cattle, conveyed in or upon any such Carriage; not exceeding for the Use of the Tramway Threepence per Mile: 1

If

702

t

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c> 152.

If conveyed in or upon any Carriage provided by the Owners of the Tramway, an additional Sum per Mile not exceeding One Penny:

If such Carriage be drawn or propelled by Power provided by the Owners of the Tramway, an additional Sum per Mile not exceeding Twopence.

(Class 5.)

For every Calf, Pig, Sheep, Lamb, or other small Animal conveyed in or upon any such Carriage not exceeding for the Use of the Tramway One Penny per Mile:

If conveyed in any Carriage provided by the Owners of the Tramway, an additional Sum per Mile not exceeding One Farthing:

If such Carriage be drawn or propelled by Power provided by the Owners of the Tramway, an additional Sum per Mile not exceeding Twopence.

6. The maximum Rate of Charge to be made by the Owners of the Tramway for the Conveyance of Animals, Articles, Matters, or Things respectively included in the Classes before mentioned, including the Tolls for the Use of the Tramway, and of Carriages, and Cost of Moving Power, and every other Expense connected with such Conveyance, shall not exceed the Amounts following:

For the Matters mentioned in Class 1., not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile:

For the Matters mentioned in Class 2., 'not exceeding Threepence per Ton per Mile:

For any Carriage mentioned in Class 3., not weighing more than One Ton, not exceeding Teupence per Mile, and if weighing more than One Ton, not exceeding Twopence per Mile for every Quarter of a Ton or fractional Part of a Quarter of a Ton additional: For everything mentioned in Class 4., not exceeding Sixpence per Mile:

For everything mentioned in Class 5., not exceeding Threepence Farthing per Mile: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Owners of the Tramway to demand and take, in addition to the Tolls and Rates of Charge herein-before authorized, a reasonable Sum for the Delivery and Collection of Goods and other Services incidental to the Business of a Carrier where such Services respectively shall be performed by the Owners of the Tramway otherwise than on the Premises of the Tramway.

7. The following Provisions and Regulations shall be applicable to the Calculation of the Tolls:

For Passengers, Animals, or Things conveyed on the Tramway for a less, Distance than Four Miles the Company may demand Tolls as for Four Miles:

For a Fraction of a Mile beyond Four tyLilva oj; beyond any greater Number of Miles the Company may demand Tolls on Merchandise for such Fraction in proportion to the Number of Quarters of a Mile contained therein, and if there be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile such Fraction shall be deemed a Quarter of a Mile; 'afidin respect of Passengers every Fraction of a Mile beyond an integral Number of Miles shall be deemed a Mile: /

For a Fraction of a Ton the Company may demand Toll according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton in the Fraction, and if there be a Fraction of a Ton the Fraction shall be deemed a Quarter of a Ton:

With respect to all Things, except Stone and Timber, the Weight shall be determined according to the usual Avoirdupois Weight:

With respect to Stone and Timber, Fourteen Cubic Feet of Stone, Forty Cubic Feet of Oak, Mahogany, Teak, Beech, or Ash, and Fifty Cubic Feet of any other Timber, shall be deemed One Ton Weight, and so in proportion for any smaller Quantity.

8. With respect to small Parcels and single Articles of great Weight, the Owners of the Tramway may lawfully demand for the Carriage thereof on the whole or any Part of the Line the Tolls following:, /

Small Parcels.

v. V '

For any Parcel not exceeding Seven Pounds in Weight, Sixpence:

For any Parcel exceeding Seven Pounds in Weight but not exceeding Fourteen in Weight, Ninepence: .

'! F«

i

23° & 24° faiCl'didA, c. 152, 153.

For any Parcel exceeding Fourteen Pounds in Weight but not exceeding Twenty-eight Pounds in Weight, One; Shilling: .

For any Parcel exceeding Twentyreight Pounds in Weight but not exceeding Fifty-six Pounds in Weight, One Shilling and Sixpence:

For Parcels exceeding Fifty-six Pounds in Weight but not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in Weight, such reasonable Sum as the Owners of the Tramway, may think fit:, i

Provided always, that Articles sent in large aggregate Quantities, although made up of separate Parcels, such as Bags of Sugar, Coffee, Meal, and the like, shall not Jbq deeded small1 Parbels, but that Term shall apply only to single Parcels in separate Packages.

Single Articles of Great Weight.

For the Carriage of any One Boiler or Cylinder, or any One Piece of Machinery, or single Piece of Timber or Stone, or other single Article, the Weight of which, including the Carriage, shall exceed Three Tons, the Owners of the Tramway may demand such Sum as they think fit.

9. Nothing herein contained shall be held tp prevent the Owners of the Tramway from taking any increased Charge, over and above the Charges herein-beforelimited, for the Conveyance of Goods of any Description, by Agreement with the Owners of and Persons in charge of such Goods, either in respect of the Convey (inoe of such Goods, except small Parcels, by Passenger or other Trains, or by reason of any other special Service performed by the Owners of the Tramway in relation to such Goods.

SCHEDULE (C.)

General Acts relating to Railway* by this Act made applicable to Tramways.

"V, - T-i* i Session and Chapter. i m . - Title. ' ' i r

r; 1 & 2 Vict. c. 98* -, - 7 . - . V An Act to provide for the Conveyance of the Mails by Railways.

i ] I 3 fc Vict. c. 97. - An Act for regulating Railways.

a 5 fr 6 Vict. tv 55. - [' An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops.

4 . 7 & 8 Vict c. 8o. - -, - An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized br to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of

17 & 18 Vict. c. 31. - Parliament, and fir other Purposes in relation to Railways.

5 The Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1854 *

k'? v, ' — . 1 . t As amended by 10 & U Vict. c. && & 16. l

CAP. CLIII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Tenure and Improvement of Land in Ireland.

[28th August 1860 ]

VI/ JIE RE AS it is expedient that Provision should be tnbdeior facilitating ImproVe- " ments of Landed Property in Ireland:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and ' 23 & 24 Vict. 4 U Temporal,

[Short Title.]

Application of Act

[Commencement of Act.]

" Clerk of the Peace."

" Chairman."

Definition of " Settlement"

Definition of M Limited Owner."

Guardians to be deemed Limited Owners in certain Cases.

Definition of " Successor."

23° & 24° VICTORIA cu 153.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

I. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Landed Property (Ireland) Improvement Act, 1860."

II. This Act shall apply to Ireland only.

III. This Act shall come into operation on the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty.

IV. The Expression " the Clerk of the Peace " as herein-after used shall mean the Clerk of the Peace of the County where any Lands in respect of which any Matter arises are situate, and if the Lands in question are situate not wholly in One County, the same Expression shall be construed to mean the Clerk of the Peace of any County where any Part of such Lands are situate, and it shall include any Deputy of any such Clerk of the Peace.

V. The Expression " Chairman " as herein-after used shall mean the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of any such Chairman arises, and where such Matter arises in respect of Lands situate not wholly in any One CouDty, it shall mean the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of any County where any Part of such Land is situate.

VI. The Word " Settlement " as herein-after used shall include any Act of Parliament, Will, Deed, or other Assurance or connected Set of Assurances whereby particular Estates or particular Interests in Land are created, with Remainders or Interests expectant thereon; and every Estate and Interest created by Appointment made in exercise of any Power contained in any Settlement or derived from any Settlement shall be considered as having been created by the same Settlement, and an Estate or Interest by way of resulting Use or Trust to or for the Settlor, or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall be deemed to be an Estate or Interest under the same Settlement.

PART I. i;

Landlords Improvements.

VII. The Expression " Limited Owner" as used in this Part of this Act shall mean any Person entitled under any existing or future Settlement at Law or in Equity, for his own Benefit and for the Term of his own Life, to the Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Land, whether subject or not to Incumbrances, in which the Estate for the Titne being subject to the Trusts of the Settlement is an Estate for Lives or Years renewable for ever, or is an Estate renewable for a Term of not less than Sixty Years, or is an Estate for a Term of Years of which not less than Sixty are unexpired, or is a greater Estate than any of the foregoing Estates.

VIII. Where any Limited Owner is a Minor, or of unsound Mind, or a married Woman, the Guardian, Committee, or Husband, as the Case may be, of such Limited Owner, may himself exercise all Powers which such Limited Owner might exercise in pursuance: of this Act if he or she were adult, of sound Mind, or unmarried; subject to this Proviso, that a married Woman, entitled for her separate Use, and not restrained From her Antidjpial^on, shall for the Purposes of this Act be treated as if she were not married.

IX. The Term " Successor" as used in this Part of this Act shall mean the Person next entitled under the Settlement to the Possession or the Receipt of the I^ents and Profits, of the Lands in defeasance of or on the Determination of the Estate of the Limited'Owner, but if the Place of Abode of such Person is not known, or if there is no such l*4ifson in existence, or if he is abroad, or an Infant, or a Lunatic, or if such Person is <a married Woman not having an Estate that constitutes her a Limited Owner, or if it is doubtful who falls within the Description of the Successor, or if for. any Reason it is found difficult or

impracticable

705

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 153.

impracticable to serve the Successor, the Term Successor shall mean such Person, if any, as may be directed to be substituted for the Purposes of this Act for the Successor by One of the Judges of the Landed Estates Court, upon an Application made to him for that Purpose by the Limited Owner.

X. Any Limited Owner of Land may, with the Sanction of One of the Judges of the Limited Landed Estates Court, make such Improvements thereon as are herein-after mentioned, and {?^eJ0eQom upon the Completion thereof shall be entitled, by way of Compensation for his Outlay, to an pensation for Annuity, of such Amount and to be charged in such Manner as is herein-after mentioned, Improvements, on the Lands on which the Improvements have been made, and any other Lands lying

together with the first-mentioned Lands, and comprised in the same Settlement

XI. The Word " Improvements" as used in this Part of this Act shall comprise the Definition of

following Works; (that is to say,) " Improve-

(1.^ The Thorough Drainage or Main Drainage of Land: ments.

(2.) Reclaiming of Land from tidal or other Waters:

f3.) Protection of Land by Embankment from tidal or other Waters:

(4.) Reclaiming Bog Land, or reclaiming or inclosing Waste Land:

(5.) Making Roads or Fences:

(6.) Erection of Farm Buildings, Houses for Stewards, Labourers, or other Persons employed in superintending the Cultivation of or in cultivating Land, and of other Buildings for Farm Purposes:

(7.) The Renewal or Reconstruction of any of the foregoing Works, or such Alterations therein or Additions thereto as are not required for maintaining, the same, and increase durably their Value.

XII. In order to obtain such Sanction to Improvements proposed to be made, the Limited Mode of Owner shall lodge with the proper Officer of the Landed Estates Court a Statement of the Application *

Particulars of the intended Improvements, the proposed Manner of effecting such Improvements, the estimated Expense of effecting the same, a Description of the Lands proposed to be charged, and the Name and Residence of the Successor, and such other Particulars as may be required by the Judge for the Purpose of enabling him to decide upon the Propriety of sanctioning such Improvements.

XIII. Upon the Receipt of such Statement, the Officer of the Landed Estates Court Officer of the shall serve Notice thereof on the Successor, and shall name in such Notice a Time and Place ^to^ve68 $ft which the Judge will be prepared to make an Order sanctioning such Improvements, Notice

, unless Cause, is shown to the contrary at the Time and Place named, or at some other Statement. Time ?md Place, of which. Notice may be served on the Successor, and shall, at the Expense . of the Limited O^oer, cause the same to be advertised in some Newspaper published in or, circulating in the County in which such Lands or any Part thereof are situate.

XIV. Previously to giving his Sanction, the Judge shall hear the Successor, or any one Duty of Court appearing on his Behalf, and objecting to such Improvements, or if no Appearance is made on Application, on behalf of the Successor he shall require Proof of the Notice having been duly served on

him: The Judge may also, if he think fit, make such Inquiries, by means of Valuation Commissioners, Surveyors, or others to be appointed by him, as to the Circumstances of the Land pn which the Improvements are to be made, and as to the Parties interested therein . as Incumbrancers. or otherwise, and direct such further Notices to be given, as he thinks, necessary to enable him to form a Judgment as to the Propriety of giving his Sanction, and shall have Power to order the Expense of such Inquiries to be paid by the Limited Owner:

tj / If the Judge decide that the Improvements as proposed, or as modified by him, are judge may

beneficial to the Parties principally interested in the Lands on which such Improvements sanction Im- are ma<de, and that the Estimate of Expenditure is fair, and that the Expense of One or Pavements.

more, of the proposed Improvements dops not, regard being had to the Circumstances of the j£state, bear an undue Proportion to the whole Expense allowed by the Act to be expended on Improvements, and that the Lands proposed to be charged ought to bear such Charge,

, he shall make an Order giving his Sanction thereto.

4 U 2 XVI. Upon

706

Power of Successor to inspect.

Statement of Expenditure to be lodged with the Officer of the Landed Estates Court

Officer of the Lauded Estates Court to advertise Statement

Judge to make

Charging

Order.

Registry of

Charging

Order.

Death of 1 united Owner.

Nature of Annuity.

23°i& 24?. VICTORIMuc.l.ia.

XVI. Upon obtaining, such Sanction as aforesaid, the Limited Owner unay proceed! to make the Improvements sanctioned; but the Successor, or any Person authorized by hint in Writing, may inspect the same during the Progress thereof. ., , v v

XVII. Upon the Completion of the Improvements the Limited Owner shall lodges' with the Officer of the Landed Estates Court a Statement verified by Affidavit, sworn before ni Justice of the Peace or a Commissioner or other Officer duly authorized to take Affidavits in the Landed Estates Court, of the Expenditure that has; been, incurred, to un Amount not exceeding the Estimate of Expenditure sanctioned by the Judge, and a Description of the Lands intended to be charged with an Annuity in respect of such Expenditure.

XVIII. Upon the Receipt of such Statement, the Officer of the Landed Estates Court

shall give Notice thereof to the Successor* and shall name in such Notice a Time and Place at which the Judge will be prepared to make his Order, charging the Lands mentioned in the Statement with such Annuity as is herein-after mentioned, unless Cause is shown to the contrary at the Time and Place named, or at some other Time and Place of which Notice may be served on the Successor, and shall, at the Expense of the Limited Owner, cause the same to be advertised in some Newspaper published in or circulating in the County in which the Lands or any Part thereof are situate. 1

XIX. Previously to making such Order, the Judge shall! hear the Successor, br ainy

Person appearing on his Behalf, and objecting that the Improvements have not beeh propbfl/ executed, or that the Money stated has not actually been expended in the Improvements, blF if no Appearance is made on behalf of the Successor he shall require Proof of the1 Ndtfti^ having been duly served: He may direct Inquiries tq fie made by, valuation, Commissioners, Surveyors, or others as to the' Execution of the Improvements and the Expenditure thereof, and may, if he thinks it just, disallow thb whole or any Portion of the Expenditure V !but $ satisfied that the whole or any Portion of the Expenditure ought to be allowe ^, hp shajlt make an Order specifying the Amount of Expenditure avowed, {and charging. th^%npas mentioned in the* Order Hvith ah Annuity of Seven Pounds Two , ShilliogS| fpy every One hundred Pounds of siteh Expenditure, and' so in: proportion for any Tes$1 Sum, to commence from the Date Of the Order, and to be payable for a Term of Twepty-fiye Years, on each Anniversary of such Date, to the Limited" ChVner, His Executors, Admipi^rators, or Assigns. > ' ' "..7..I ' !V.i! , 7-

XX. as Judge, made t; he Order; cJmt*g»ng any i Landr with Annuity

under. this (Act, fie, shaft, execute*a, Duplicate thereof, and the Persotn ^dywag'for such Order may cause the Duplicate, to jbe registered, in the Office far Registry of Dodds in the City of I)ublins find, the Registrar of, the ^Registry Office, hie andt their , Assistant IDeputies, and other Officers, , shall be required .upp^ Proof by, Affidavit.4>ftbe Signaturero£>the Judge, to register the same in the samp Manner, as any Deeds or Instrumeotsiare r^fisteredliii the said Office, and to enter a Memorial thereof in the Abstract Books and Indexes of dr relating to Memorials registered and kept in the said Office, subject to the Payment of such Fees as may now be lawfully demanded.

XXI. If any Limited Owner dies, becomes bankrupt or insolvent, after he has obtained an Order sanctioning any Improvements, but before he has obtained an Order charging the Estate with such Annuity as is herein-after mentioned, his personal rRepresentatives or Assigns may complete the Improvements at the Expense of thb Estate of jsuch deceased Bankrupt or insolvent Owner, and thereupon they fenalHib entitled to the samp Annuity as such Owner would have been bn titled to if he had not died, become bah^upt^or insolvent.

XXII. Every Annuity created in pursuance of this Part of this Act shall be a Charge on the Lands comprised in the Order, having, unless, tliqr Judge otherwise efrder* Priority over all existing and future Estates, Interests, and Incumbrances, with the deception of Quitrents and other Charges jncidenfcto Tenure, Tithe Commutation Rentcharges^ and any Charges created under any Act authorizing Advances of Public Money, or under any Act creating Charges in respect of Improvements on Lands and passed before this Act* with the Exception also (in Cases where the Lands placed in Settlement are subject to a Fee-farm Rent, or held of a superior Landlord under a Lease, reserving Rent) of such Fee+farm Rent

or

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 153.

©» Rent reserved as aforesaid; lAitthe Judge shall have PowCr to postpone the said Annuity to any* Charge or Incambnitice which be shall think proper to specify in the Order.

XXIII. All Improvements in respect of which an Annuity is payable under this Part of this Act shall, during the Continuance of the Estate of the Limited Owner, be maintained by him in a proper State of Repair, and any subsequent Owner of the Land charged with riu6h Annuity may recover from the Limited Owner any Damages he may have sustained by reason of the Noncompliance of the Limited Owner with the Provisions of this Section.

V PART II.

- Leasing Powers.

XXIV. The Expression " Limited Owner " as used in this Part of this Act shall, in addition to the Persons comprised under that Expression as herein-before defined, include any Body Corporate, any Corporation Sole, Ecclesiastical, or Lay, any Trustees for Charities, and any Commissioners or Trustees for ecclesiastical, collegiate, or other public Purposes, entitled, at Law or in Equity, in the Case of Freehold Land to the Fee Simple, a^.iq, the Case of-Len$ehold Land toil Lease for nntmexpired Residue of not less than Sixty Years, pr for a Term of Years or of Lives renewable for ever, or renewable for a Period of np, t lesMhan Sixty Years, but the Term N Successor shall have' the satne Meaning as it haa^itV'thei First Part of this Act.

XXV. Any Limited Owner shall have Tower to grant Agricultural Leases, Improve-

nibbt1 Leased, Building J^etfses, (including under the .Tpfip;" JJnild; ng leases!' " Repairing Leasbk,) for any Term of Years ap^oluto, or, d^erjpiu^ble fit fi^pd Periods ,; subject to the follb'wifig Restrictions , : ' |, - r, .

(1.) No Improvement Lease shall be valid without the Sanction of the Chairman:

(2.) No Building Lease comprising more than Three Acres, or reserving a Rent of more; than One hundred Pounds per Year, shall fee, yalid without the Sanction of One of the Judges of the "Landed JjBtafos Cpurf, fr.eland;"

T3.) Np other Building Lease shall be valid without the Sanction of the Chairman: ,

(4.) The Term of any Agricultural Lease shall not exceed Twenty-one Years, and of an v'; , Improvement Lease shall not exceed Forty-one Years, and of a Building Lease,

sanctioned<by the Chairman, shall not ekeeied Ninety-nine Years; but when a

i(o.)jiEvery Agricultutttl Leatee shall'imply the* following Covenants on the Part of the . Lessee — i; - ' 1, 1 .

i (1.) To manage, till, 5 and use the Lands demised in due and regalai4 Course of good Husbandry, so that the same be no^in anywise injured or deteriorated:

(2.) Not to burn, or permit to be burned, any Part of the Soil or Surface }; iof the Lands, dem^ Without the, previous Consent in Writing of the

j. *' A*; <> Landlord-; *, .^; . , t >i\\ j. j ! r; <..*- -

*(6.), Eyjjry ^prpyeinent, jyjeqsft pbfd\nqntnm; a Covenant, on, tbp Part of the Lessee —

L Tp 'execute* at, pwn Exp^pfp, within, a iT, Wfi. to be specified in such Lease,

11 /l 1 the Works defined to be Improvements under the Third Part of this. Act, - ) I ' which shall be specified in the Lease r

/ht \, , 1.1 L. T__________ JLi Hi T____ Ji

j A yi'/. to the itnnifcdiftie Reversion, i\mt cirri reasonably be, gotten, without takipg ariy-)J:; i?; . thirfginUheiN^ Find^OEN^ihintn, or F0re^?ftT ' 1 1 j

1.(8*^ -E+cry Lease, whetfoer An Agricultural ', Improvement, or PhiMing'Lease, shall imply m ft OorklitNm of Jto*>eiitfcy:fovNonpayment Of the R&flt thereby irescrtea: vi (9.) Every

707

Maintenance of Improvements.

Extended Definition of " Limited Owner.* '

Power of limited Owner to lease.

Mode of obtaining the Sanction of Court.

Duty of Court on Application.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 153.

(9.) Every Lease, whether an Agricultural, Improvement, or Building Lease, that Includes any Building, shall contain a Clause declaring whether the Landlord or the Tenant is bound to rebuild such Building in the Case of the same being destroyed during any Part of the Tenancy by Fire, Lightning, or Tempest:

(10.) The Lessee or Lessees shall execute a Counterpart of every Lease, whether an Agricultural, Improvement, or Building Lease, and shall thereby covenant for the due Payment of the Rent reserved:

Provided, first, that in the Case of an Improvement Lease the best Rent shall be deemed to be the highest Rent that can reasonably be gotten, having regard to the Improvements covenacted to be made by the Lessee; secondly, that in the Case of a Building Lease a Peppercorn Rent, or any smaller Rent than the Rent to be ultimately made payable, may be reserved during all or any Part of the first Five Years of the Term granted by suchr Lease; thirdly, that the Execution of any Lease by the Lessor shall be deemed sufficient Evidence that a Counterpart of such Lease, as required by this Act, has been executed by the Lessee.

XXVI. In order to obtain the Sanction of the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County or of a Judge of the "Landed Estates Court, Ireland" (both which Tribunals are herein-after included under the Term " Court") to any Lease requiring such Sanction, the Lessor may submit to the Court, in such Manner as die Court may direct, a Copy of the proposed Lease, together with such Particulars as may be required by the Court for the Purpose of enabling it to decide upon the Propriety of giving its Sanction;

XXVII. Previously to giving its Sanction, the Court shall make such Inquiries as to the Circumstances of the Land proposed to be leased and of the Parties interested therein as it thinks fit, and in the Case of a Lease proposed to be granted by an individual Limited Owner shall cause Notice thereof to be served on the Successor and such other Persons, if any, as it thinks just. It shall hear all Persons interested in the Land who mayi apply to it to be heard. It may disapprove altogether, or may approve either with or without Modification, of the Lease proposed, but if the Court approve of the Lease it shall give its sanction thereto by Order thereon, or in such other Manner as it thinks fit; and it may make such Order respecting the Costs of the Application ps shall seem to it to be just.

Effect of Lease. XXVIII. Any Lease granted in pursuance of this Act by to individualLimited Owner shall be valid against the Person granting the same, and against all Persons claiming under the same Settlement any Estate or Interest subsequent to the Estate dr Interest of such Limited Owner; and any Lease granted in pursuance of this Act by any Limited Owner, being a Body Corporate, Corporation Sole, Trustees for Charities, Commissioners or Trustees for ecclesiastical, collegiate, or other public Purposes, shall bind all the Estate and Interest of such last-mentioned Limited Owner; but no Lease, granted by an Owner who is himself a Lessee shall continue after the Expiration of the Term granted by such Owner's Lease, nor shall anything herein contained be deemed to enable any such Owner to grant any Lease which, by virtue of any Covenant or Agreement with his Lessor, he is precluded from granting.

Leases sub- XXIX. Every Lease purporting to be made by virtue of this Act shall be subject to the

d^ction*ofn8" Jurisdiction of a Court of Equity on the Ground of Fraud by reason of the Introduction

Court of Equity. of improper Covenants for Undervalue or otherwise.

Prohibitions XXX. No Lease shall be granted under this Act of any Mansion House or Demesne ^dDemcOTe* *^an^8» except for the Term of the Minority of the Person for the Time being entitled in Lands. possession to such House and Lands, and with due Regard to the Preservation and Main-

tenance in a proper State of Repair of such House or Lands.

XXXI. All Powers of leasing given by this Act shall be deemed to be in addition to any other Powers any Limited Owner may possess, and such Owner may exercise any other Power of leasing vested in him in the same Manner as if this Act were not passed.

XXXII. Where

Powers of Act to be cumulative.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 153.

XXXII. Where a Power to make Leases by virtue of thi6 or any other Act of Parliament, or of any Settlement, shall in any particular Case be incapable of being exercised by reason of some accidental Variation of the Circumstances necessary to bring such Case within the exact Terms of the Act or Settlement, the Court of Chancery in Ireland or a Judge of the Landed Estates Court may, by an Order on a summary Petition presented by any Person interested in the Matter, and upon Notice to such Person or Persons as the said Court or Judge shall think necessary, authorize and empower the Donee of the Power contained in such Act or Settlement to make a Leaso notwithstanding any Variation which the said Court or Judge shall consider not to involve a substantial Departure from the true Intention or Meaning of such Act or Settlement; and every Lease made in pursuance of any Order of the said Court or Judge in that Behalf shall be as valid as if such Lease had been authorized by the Terms of the Act or Settlement

PART III.

Tenants Improvements.

XXXIII. This Part of this Act shall apply only to Land let for Agricultural Purposes.

XXXIV. The Word " Tenant " as used in this Part of this Act shall mean an occupying Tenant from Year to Year or at Will, and every occupying Tenant holding under a Lease or Agreement in Writing for any Term of Years of which not more than Twenty-five Years are, unexpired, and which does not contain any Stipulations for the Execution of Improvements as herein-after defined, and shall include the personal Representatives of such Tenant.

XXXV. The Word " Owner" as used in this Part of this Act shall mean any Person, or Body of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, having an Estate in Land equal to the Estate by the First and Second Parts of this Act required to constitute a Limited Owner, or having a greater Estate than such Limited Owner.

XXXVI. Any Tenant of Lands may, upon Compliance with the Provisions herein-after contained, make such Improvements thereon as are herein-after mentioned, and upon Compliance with the Conditions herein-after mentioned shall be entitled, by way of Compensation for his Outlay, to an Annuity of such Amount and to be charged in such Manner as is hereinafter mentioned on the Lands on which the Improvements have been made, and any other Lands lying together with the first-mentioned Lands, and held of the same Owner under the same Demise, with this Exception, that no Tenant shall be entitled to Compensation under this Act in respect of any Improvements which the Owner might have compelled him to make in pursuance of any Contract or Custom.

i

XXXVII. The Expression "Improvements," as used in this Part of this Act, shall comprise the following Works; (that is to say,)

(1.) The Thorough Drainage or Main Drainage of Lands:

(2.)' Reclaiming Bog Land, or reclaiming or inclosing Waste Land:

(3.) The making Farm Roads:

(4.) Irrigation:

protection of Land by Embankment from Inland Waters:

(6.) The Erection of Farmhouse or any Building for Agricultural Purposes suitable to the Holding, or the enlarging or the extending of any such Farmhouse or Building erected or to be erected thereon, so as to render the same more suitable to the Holding;

(7.) The Renewal or Reconstruction of any of the foregoing Works, or such Alterations therein or Additions thereto as are not required for maintaining the same, and increase durably their Value.

XXXVIII. It shall be lawful for any Owner, notwithstanding the Terms of any Settlement, to agree with the Tenant for the Execution of such Improvements by the Tenant, and in the Absence of such Agreement it shall be lawful for any Tenant, previously to making any such Improvements, to serve or cause to be served personally on the Owner, or in his

Absence

709

Provision in Cases in which Power to make Leases is not within exact Terms of Act or Settlement

Application of Part of Act

Tenant"

Owner."

Tenant entitled to Compensation for Improvements.

Definition of Improvements."

Agreement with or Notice to Owner.

T. < I >

Onrier'bftj-r, !

Agreement with Tenant may execute Works.

Consent of Owner.

Statement of Expenditure to be lodged with the Clerk of the*Fe«tfe/:

Ot M* /

<1 A to r*n >

Tot noin oiiij A

.*)* fMv

Clerk of the Peace to give Notice to Owner.

Hearing of Case.

»o fit*; .c I JnutVl '

Jo vfftr. A

VMM: /

Labour of Tenant to be taken into account

\<> r *.! , }* . - Maintenance.^ of Xippi^oyp-! (, ments.

m & mMIOTGIUjIS cfcl».

W JR^ebw, Ai Notice uadjsrthifl tHamJ stating lhe(PartfcihirB.otft/the the'proposed Manner of effecting such Improvement^ the estimated dispense of qffi^ting tJ^ same/a Desw^ the Land; proposed tri be chat^d^imd thfe

Time, being Dot less than Three Months from the Service of such Notice, at which he proposes to commence such Improvements, ayd not to exceed |Twp Years for its Cqmplqt^of.

It shall be lawfuffpr the Owner* by Agreement with the Tonafitv to execute a^th]s , 0)ya Expeusq tbfl Works, contained; in the Notice, and to Charge the Tenant .with Jptjej-pst atFiyq^eron the Outlay to be recoverable in the same Manner and rilong

VI -:.!i n? I. l5 '

The: dwtier b^ Ws Agent' may, within Three Months after the Service of ouch

Notice* give Notice ih Writing to the Tehant that he disapproves of such proposed Improve-^aitf/tliteir^oFj; 'amd ho Tenant who has received such Notice shall be entitled to bomteiehcC "any Improvefoeiits from which the Owner has so dissented.

XLI. Upon the Completion of the Improvements, or in the event of the Tenant being turned out of the Tenancy by the Owner before such Completion, the Tenant shall lodge with the Clerk of the Peace of the County where such Land lies a Statement of the Expenditure that has been incurred, not exceeding the Amount stated in the Agfekmefct or in the Nbtiie served dir the Owner, and a Description of the Lands intended to be charged wfithran Annuity in respect of such Expenditure, being the whole or Part of the* Land dewriBedfmtthe Agreement or in the Notice served oti the Ownei*. }

th? foepeip^ of such Statement the Clerk of the Peace shall serye Notice thereof on the Owner or bjs Ageqt> and shall insert in such Notice a Statement of the Time ^nd. Place at yrhich the Chairman will be prepared to make his Order, charging thaLaptfs mphfioneil in thej Statement|with supli Annuity as is herein-after mentioned, unless Cause is shown fo the contrary at the T^me and Place named, or at some other Time and Place; of Sfv^ihNotice i^y ]}; e served on the Owner or his Agent, , , ,; , r;

v i; lHLIIL» Previously to making such Order the Chairman shall hear the Owner, or anV Person ap^ebriiig or< his Behalf, and objecting to Such Certificate on the Grounds that Improvements have not been properly executed, or that the Money ptated fyas ^Cjtually Wettjtfibfended 'in t]he ilnprovements, or that the Lands proposed to be charged, of ^ortiop of'isitfdh'La'nd^ arb noi Lands subject to be charged in pursuance of this Part' of tin^ Act, tod9Plnor ^pfefcraricp iq made on behalf, of the Owner Tie shall, previously to ma^ingjiis Cjiddir, WqufSb Proof of Nbtipe having been duly served on the Owner or "his Ag^u/: Xlhairirian inky ftiake 'IiiqtdriOs by Valuation Commissioners, Surveyors, or othe^eprapetent Persons as he may think right, and may direct the Expenses of such Inquiries to be paid byu^Qh,; P, crsQn(|aniiin s^ch Mannfer ias he may think and may, if he thinks itf-ibe aflqwtfiewhole; or, any PortiOfe of the Eapeoditure^and may exclude any. Lands* theft appear M>, him [not chargeable, ^under tbi&Part of.this Act; but if satisfied that tiieiwhd^cr tea^ Portion* of the Expenditure-ought to bd allowed, he shall make a Provisional* Order'specify-dug the Amount of Expet^diture^ allowed, and charging Ifhe Lands mentioned in the Oidor .with) an, Annuity , of Seven Pounds Two Shillings for eyeky Hundred Pounds ef^ such {Expenditure, andso in pEoportie^ for any less Sura; such Annuity to be limited fa favtinr jpf, the Tenant, his Executors*! Administrators* or Assigns, and to be declared Ito be payalfie jfpE a Term of T^enty^fiv^l YearejComnuenbing from the Date of the Ordei\ cd each Ann$» .yqrs&ryofsuoh subject to this Proviso* that no Payment introspect of suohf AnuuUy

jeh^llfacGroo dun Ufttil such Proviskuial Order has been made absolute; .

; 1 XLIV; Where ahjr Improvement, under this Part of this Act, is effected!, jkvholly^or fpartSftlly by the Labour of the Tenant or his Family, the Value of such Labour .* shajkpp deemed to be Pkrt of the Expenditure incurred in making the Improvement, and may be; taken ii^jo.accp^nf accordingly., , , ' '* !' > .!

I XLVr AllItriptovekneiitk lU respect of which an Annuity is payable under this Part of this Act shall, during such Thne as intervenes between the Date of the Provisional Ur^er and the Date kt which such Order is made absolute, in' manner herein-after mentioned, De; i maintained

711

& 2*, -Y10T0MiE; g. 153.

jdmibtainddbythefPeirBdnt^i^ Executors, -Administrators, or

Assign^ in ia proper S^a bf ilepair, aiM the Owner 6r mty1 Person Authorised by him in Writnag shall be at liberty at'qll treasonable Times to eritbr and inspect any Improvements mode inder this Act; 7;

2fcL Yt. In the event oif the Tenant in whose Favour a Provisional Order has been made

being turned out' of the Tenancy- by the Owner; 61 by any Person claiming by, through, under, or in ti^ustibr him; dr any Person claiming any Estate or Interest under the same J&titldmentasrthb Owner subscqitent 1o the Estate of the Owner for the Time being, before the Expiration of the Term of Twenty-five Years mentioned in the Provisional Order, he may apply to the Chairman; to -make the Provisional Order absolute, and the Chairman shall malce the same absolute as from the Date at which the Tenant has been turned out of the Tenancy; imd upon, such Order being made absolve the Annuity charged thereby shall forthwith become payable to the, Tenant for the upexpived Residue of the Term of Twenty-five Years in the Order mentioned, together with a proportionate Part thereof for such Period, if any, as may intervene between the Time at which the Tenant is turned out of his Tenancy and the First Day appointed for Payment thereof by the Order.

XLVII. /No Provisional Order under this Act shall be made absolute by any Chairman, /U»le$3 the Owner for, the Time being whose Lands are proposed to be charged thereby or (Some Person duly authorized on his Behalf appeals before him, or Proof is given to the Chairman that Fourteen Days previous Notice at the least of the Intention of the Tenant to make the Application for an Order Absolute has been served on such Owner or his Agelit In number in Which No^des are hereby required to be served, and the Chairman shall hear dbch O^net or ahy1 bth6r Person, appearing on his Behalf, and contending that the Tenrint ih indebted to him for Arrears of Rent or Taxes or in respect of a Breach of or Of the hot having maintained in a proper State of Repair the Improvements for ^vhieh he claims the Annuity, and atiy1 Spins in which the Tenant may be so proved to be indebted to the Owner shall be set iff against the Annuity payable to the Tenant, and the Phair.mau h* making tth, e Order Absolute shall specify how such Set-off is to be carried into (affect, and \yJmf Abatement is -to be made in the Annuity on accotmt of such Debts.

irXLVI!I. If any Tenactedies, becomes bankrupt or, insolvent, before ho has completed &ny sutph Improvements as lie is herein-beforq authorized to complete, his personal Representatives'' or Assignees may complete the, Improvements at the Expense of the Estate of duph decease^ bankrupt or ipsolyent Tenant, and thereupon shall become entitled to the same Annuity as such Tenant would have been entitled to }f jie had, died, become bankrupt bi* Inidlventi '* a ..

XLIX. Evetfy Annuity arCated in pursuance1 of this Part of this Act shall be a Charge oa.^he Lands comprised in; the Order, having Priority over all existing and future Estates, l4Uei^8t&, imid IncumbrahoeSi.^with the Esbeption of Quitrents and other Charges incident io i Tenure^ Tithe ^Commutation^ Rentcharges; and any Charges created under any Act authorizing! Advances of public Money, or under any Act creating Charges in respect of Improvements on Lands! and passed before this Act, with the Exception also in Cases where the Lands to be charged with such Annuity are subject to a Fee-farm Rent or held -Off a superior Landlord under a Lease, reserving Rent of such Fee-form Rent or Rent reserved as tqforfesaid; and wheri; Annuities are charged on the same Lands under the First and Third Patts-.of this Act*'such; Annuities shall, as between themselves, take effect in the Order of their respective Dates; and for the Purpbfeos of this Section an Annuity created under the FirstJ Part of this Act .shall be deemed to date from the Time of its Registration; hbcb'iih Annuity created' under ^he Third rar| of this Act shall, when confirmed by an tjraer Absolute, fee deemed to date, 'fromine Provisional Order ^renting the same

L. The Clerk of the Peace shall keep an alphabetical Registry in his Office of all (Pr<j)vi^onal O^d^s and, Orders Absolute .made, by, the Chaivmnn of the Quarter Sessions of the County of which, he is.Cljerk, \n pursuance, of this Part of this Act, and shall allow any Person to inspect the same at all reasonable Times on the Payment of One Shilling.

i: 23 & 24 Vict. 4 X LL An

Order how made absolute.

Notice to be given to Owner of Application for Order Absolute.

Death of Tenant.

Nature ot Annuity.

Registry of Orders to be kept by Clerk of the Peace.

Appeal from Decision of Chairman upon Application for a Charging Order.

Certificate of Completion when to be registered.

Restriction of maximum Amount of Charges.

Where Tenant becomes entitled to Annuity, Owner may redeem same.

Recovery of Annuity.

Provision as to Arrears of Annuity.

Service of Notices.

23° & 24" VICTORIiJS; c. 153.

LI. An Appeal from the Decision of the Chairman upon any such Application for rf 1 Charging Order may be made by any Person who appears before him in Person or by ' Attorney, in the same Manner as an Appeal by a Plaintiff in a Civil Bill Proceeding from a Dismiss by such Chairman, and as if the Party in whose Favour the Decision upon such. .; Application as aforesaid shall have been made was the Defendant in such Civil Bill Pro-, ceeding; and the Judge who shall hear the Appeal may affirm or reverse the Deeipion of the Chairman, or alter or modify the Charging Order, and finally decide thereon, and make; such Order as to Costs in the Court below and of the Appeal as shall be agreeable to Justice; and if the Judge shall alter or modify the Charging Order, such Order so altered or modified, and signed by the Judge, shall be of the like Effect as if it were the Order; of the Chairman.

LII. When the Right to a Certificate of Completion is contested, the Certificate shall t not be registered until after the Expiration of the Time hereby allowed for appealing, and; in case an Appeal is pending not until after it is disposed of.

PART IV.

General Provisions.

LIII. The aggregate Amount of Annuities chargeable in respect of Improvements under this Act shall not, when taken together with any Rentcharges charged or to be charged on the Land, under the Provisions of the Acts to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, exceed One Third Part of the annual Value of the Land; and for the Purpose of this Section the annual Value of the Land shall be deemed to be the Amount at which it is rated under the Laws for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland; and it shall be the Duty of the Court, before making an Order charging an Annuity under this Act, to ascertain the Amount of Annuities, if any, theretofore charged on the Lands under this Act, and the Amount of any Rentcharges charged on the said Lands under the said Acts to facilitate the Improvement of Landed Property in Ireland, and to provide that this Limit is not exceeded, but no Order charging an Annuity shall be afterwards invalidated by reason of such Excess.

LIV. Where any Tenant shall become entitled to any Annuity as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Owner of any Land upon which such Annuity may be chargeable at the Time of making the Charging Order to redeem the said Annuity, or so much thereof as shall at any Time remain unexpired, by Payment to the said Tenant, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of a Sum of Money equivalent to the Value of so much of the said Annuity as shall then remain unexpired, such Value to be estimated and calculated upon the Assumption that at the Time of such Redemptiop Money shall be worth Five per Centum per Annum; and thereupon such Owner shall become entitled to such Annuity for his own Use and Behoof, in like Manner as if the said Owner had himself executed euch 'Improve* ments under the Powers contained in the First Part of this Act.

LV. Every Annuity created in pursuance of this Act shall be recoverable in marine* in which Rentcharges in lieu of Tithes are recoverable in Ireland,

LVI. No Arrears of any Annuity charged on Land in pursuance of this Act shall; be recoverable after the Expiration of One Year from the Date at which the Sum in arrear became due; and as between Owners having a limited Interest in any Land so charged it shall be the Duty of the Owneir for the Time being in possession or in receipt of the Rents and Profits of such Land to prevent such Arrears arising, and if he make Default in doing so, and the Owner next entitled in possession pay any Arrears caused by such 1 Default, the Amount so paid shall be a Debt due by the Owner who has paid the same from the Owner by whose Default it became necessary to make such Payment.

LVII. Any Notice or other Document required by this Act to be served upon any Person may be served on such Person personally, or, except in Cases where personal Seryice is herein-before required, by leaving the same or sending it through the Post

f.

in

23° & 24° VICTORIAE; c. J53, 154. 7J$

in a prepaid registered Letter addressed to such Person at Mb usual or last known Place of Abode.

LVIII. Any Document to be served by Post shall be posted in such Time as to admit of Rules as to its b^ing delivered in the due Course of Delivery within the Period (if any) prescribed for the Service thereof, and in proving Service of such Document it shall be sufficient to prove that such document was properly directed, and that it was put as a prepaid registered '

Letter into the Post Office.

LIX. An Order made in pursuance of this Act charging an Annuity on any Lands or An Order to be sanctioning any Lease shall be, both at Law and in Equity, conclusive Evidence that all ^de?ce of Notices, Acts, and Proceedings by this Act directed with reference to or consequent on with Act the obtaining such Order or the making such Charge have been duly served, done, aijd taken, and that such Charge has been duly created, and that it is a valid Charge on the Lands declared to be subject thereto.

LX. The Judges of the " Lauded Estates Court of Ireland or any Two of them, shall Power of and may, from Time to Time, as to Matters within their Jurisdiction, make Regulations as to the Payment of such Fees, and as to the Conduct of Proceedings under this Act before makeRegu-the Landed Estates Court, and as to the Costs payable in respect of such Proceedings, and lations. as to the Taxation of such Costs; but such Regulations shall not be of any Validity until they have been sanctioned by the Lord Chancellor of Ireland.

LXL The Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the several Counties in Ireland, or any Power of Fifteen of them, shall and may from Time to Time prepare Forms of Notices and fix a td

Scale of Fees to be taken by Clerks of the Peace in respect of Business done by them utions. under this Act, and shall make Regulations as to the Payment of such Fees, and as to the Cobduct of Proceedings under this Act before such Chairman, and as to the Costs payable in respoct of such Proceedings, and as to the Taxation of such Costs; but such Scale and Regulations shall not be of any Validity until they have been sanctioned by the Chief Justice i of the Queen 8 Bench in by the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas in

Ireland, and by the Chief Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland, or by Two of such Judges.

iiXlL Nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed or construed to affect or prejudice Nothing to any Usage or Custom established or existing in any Part of Ireland relating to outgoing or affect Usages, incoming Tenants. -<v

CAP. CLTV.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law of Landlord and Tenant in Ireland.

[28th August 1860.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Landlord ' " and Tenant in Ireland:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Qommons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as /

fellows; ., ? .

L In the Construction of this Act the following Words and Expressions shall have the Construction Force and Meaning hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or jf cert*in Context repugnant thereto: , : - Termsmthu,

- The Word f* Person v or " Party " shall extend to and include any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whether aggregate or sole* and any public Coibpany: " ' ' ' s

The Word "Lease" shall mean any Instrument in Writing, whether under Seal or

not, containing a Contract of Tenancy in respect of any Lands, in consideration of a; J.

Rent or Return: - T > .

- 1 4X2'* '' The

7.K

33f i &, 24f ya cnieismj:

, l!'i 1

* 7

, iT^.iWp, 1^ " JrfW<fe, s^aJl W^elloupes^ Meapujigei?, nfulTT^craents of pvery Tenure,

, .wjtatfar, <?o, r, j)p^ea|or incorporeal;

The Word " Acte shall mean Statute/ Acrq: 3 (r>,

The Word " Landlord" shall include the Person for the Time being entitled in possession 1° to !%he} Estate or Interest of the Original Landlord, iiiidfer*I'Any, Tie!^9(b\'6r'btnei:>1 ^dntrtict^oP TbndttbjV whcfhbi* Ithe Intbrbsl of 60ch LahffioM'shftll tlivfe bobri^a^jiirbd1 b^j by k^Ail1 Assignment; DcVise, -Bbqtieyt, or Act aHdrOperation'bf l^aV, aWd fabctWeif he has a Reversion or not: 7/1 v* lu !:' lV, rMl<

vf 4t h, -.i j" Tenant" Aall ^ea^ % Pprsw; ent}tlejdj to any Lfiptjs

.!»-</ !»/ — >* 4> (, % 'qt^r 0, 0^1 Wt 9^-rpi?^Xf/^tjhjsp.tljg .Intere^ of'^pch Tenant, .shall haw, tjconh TAnr.nn' u>, acquired by (or|gin?}I Wfcl As^gna^t, Pqyise, Peq^esfc 915 Acjfc, apd >OpWn I

-.j.' .; . +! W . -f> -.V. r h.u. u\.c: .m, T uli

j.fifa; mDf&PPQj* ?*; .tfwl pompr.ebpnd, in, 1additi9p, :tO] afly^gije&ter,

Ipjte^est ^, any, Lease or <L*ant for; Ope pr more tbjap One, Life; with or withxm

, .Term, of Years,; or for Tea ^, \yhether. ab^utc, , or determinable, of , Qpe pr mbFe than One Life, with a Covenant or Agreement by a Party competent thereto; in any of such Cases, whether contained in the Ijnstrunjept by which auch. Lease/ Or, Contract is made or in any separate Instrument, for the perpetual Renewal of such »'* Lease <rt Gtautt* 1 " r 7 ' v/: :; '* *; 1, 1 ' 1 77

fPhef Wwd ^Renft^hrtft include any Sum Or Return in the Natiirb of Ilent, 5 p^yable st | o) gi^eii byway Of Compensation for the Holding^pPriny Lands: r 11 ' j

bThe 'Wird4 Agreeni dni '* shall incl ude OveVy CoVetiart t, Contf abt, f6r Condition';

J w Implied* tnuanjH Lease ]'* 1 lU n, p* J-! "'r'li]y ]i 11

- The'Word Coobty w-Jehatt-Oxtiend*anU' Ihblttde a CountT 6f!'auCRjk' a , C6WWy*1dfIh, !

Town, a City andjCminiyv Hiding of a Cbhiity r 1 1 11 lj 1 r, ' n'l /, .^Ug; Y, QLayL-n^n " - ^L^U ,; the Chwmnp of^he, Qiwter ^osions /^f .the

Loynty, ^nAshfilf .ja^d., 1 Shp.-/ Itecojfder. jof.iitho, Ci^jr-bf, jPuWn<iatid>;

.^.^(jr^iigp.or anc(|the Repprder of any Lovou^ or Town fa Irelapid under theiAciv <jjf , pa^4(^n, ^(lihird.^pd fourth . Her^Liesty^ Reign, intituled 4n:Act: for

ili; i $C9#{aii?n\.<yf, , in JreJaud, and . thqir, Oeputias. WftiWyl

The Expression " Clerk of the Peace" shall extend to and inplpdp the Registrar

[Short Title.]

th

Chairman of the Quarter Sessions of the County of Dublin, so long, as such Regi^trpr Y'[shhH: contirtue ih OMbdy ah(Y the Registfai^ of Civil bill's for the City of Dublin* and alsdUhe^A^tiiVg dr l^cputy Cld^k'Of the/Pe^Ce, 'or Registrar or Qthdr dffibcr diactargiWg thb'Dutles bf such^erit^ of the Peiic^ br^Rbdi^traf. , r ' f' n

II. In citing this Act it shall be sufficient to use the Expression " Thc(Landlord and AttifendiAeMtiiAdti 7r*hiii(tf':1860'/ss 11

cm *, ' 'flfcjTH *, jliamllprd ^fld/, shsiU b<?, dceipBd to be fouudod on the

if* ffPPfeftthe, PojTtie^ ancj pqt. upon , Tepure.or Service, n»d a; .MeveiaM .:

ileiadoni»ft:i! , t.Bh-iJt| nptcepes, sary; ^p., 8ucK Bfllatipp, which Jbp clcepied to spbsift iQ, fdl-jQ4U9eft i», i

res*°n Con- which there shall be an Affrcement iUy'Onc; Party to hold Land frpjn or.under another in :; tract of Jrarties. A ' ' f >l ' t> .

Contract for MV. Every Lease loir Contraot witjt ^e^>ebt: to Lands'whereby the Relation'Pf Ltod^ definite Periods lord j add Tenant is int^ndedWbe created for any Freehbld Estate or Interest, br fbrf or Note in definite i iPbiiodi: of; TiW not ibeing: frohni Y-bhr to lYoar or any leased Period, fehidl bte1 |by Writing. Dfled^exfecntfcd^ 1 ori Note1 f iti> Writing qigned'by the Landlord or his Agent' t^i^vratb5 lawfully authorized in Writing. ' i N . J: i1

ContinxancS r H - Vi. tft i; C«i9e/tuny Tbrfant iWihiS. Representative, ift^ the Expiration or DefeornaiiiatWii/of aftqruE*pi»p - -th^iTeirraL agreed jitpon in -^ny Lease i<h* Instrument in Writing , : shall continue ib poesestfon1 tract; i itoorQ* than.lOttb; Mdn>th[aftw Demand of* Posseadon by the Landlord*or his* A^ent,

u> m*/Bitch i Contirtuan^je shfillj>at/ the :E]e©tionjof the Landlord, be deenied to. constitute nKew f ', aj-UjA JWpJding pfi- the Sdid, iLdnds from Ye^r toj/Ijearj subject ito the former Rent1 and tO' idch i of-(fa# Agrbementaioonttilhed intbe Lease-df liistimnent as may be a^pHbabte to the new Holding, j /. jA; i 1, i ..... -.1 .it: j- v!» *iu *, l I*. /, > 7 j 1vo..; i Ih1*.'- /*/ »1 *

e; <! VI. Every

20» I &' 24+V'l CII'OKL, - c

t Vfi Evfcry Tenancy'lfiwbm -Yfcni4 to Year shall lie presumed* to have cornniopff* the Presumed last Gale Day of the Calendar Year on which Rent has become due' and payabld'ih vospect Commenc*-

ment ot

of the Premises, until it shall appear to the contrary. Tenancy.

, VU. .'flu? Estate or Infcresjt (of auj Tenant, under any Lpa$o pr otherj Cofotiaqt of Surrenders T^ap9yuslfH}l.pot..bf 'smrrejodpre^ otherwise than-by a Deed executed, GtyNote iaWritinj* *, n sign^y the T^pijnt pr .Jih, Age»t; tl^er^t^ Uwfully aMthorized in .Writing./on by , Aeti and n Operation of Law .; :i11i i, { . i -A

VIII. 'The; Surrender ^of1 any' Lease ihado beffprA: or ^fter the passing of ^hn/Acfc'1 Jor Lease may be the' Purpose of obtaining a Renewal thereof, shall be valid without the Shr^enrfer of the om^mrender Intuits of the Uddbr-tenatits' thereum!6r; and the Owners of *sttCh renc^eli Lease for of Under-0 er the Time being and their Representatives shall ..have the same Rights and Reihc'diCs as tenancies, against -su£h!: Undertenants a^ he or they would have had or "have he'<W entitled tp had

siKdr Stirttnder tiot been ci&hited; and the Chief Landlord shall have the §aine Remedies against the Premises for the Rents and Duties reserved in sifeh nevV Lease, not exceeding the Rents and Duties reserved by the Lease out of which such Under-tenancies were derived* as he would have been entitled to in case ito such Surrender had been executed.

IX. The Estate or Interest of any Tenant in any Lands under anjfi Lease or, Other AstoAssign-

Cppti^f; of ^Tenancy, shallb?assigned, granted, , p* transmitted by S)spd e^ecsated^-or/Ins^nci- m«"t of Estate ment in Writing signed by; tbs; Party: assigning; or((granting the on hi*<AgOnfc thereto

la^v^fully. AYriting*OT Deyis *, Request,; or iApt'iind Operation--of , LaAv*fcd

not otherwise; and in case the said Estate or Interest shall, on Rip IQenthibf the(Tenant,

r^in^nd^spo^ed of pmLwRwut any qpqpial Occupant, .iMjinftl pass tOiibe personal/Representative of the Tenant as Part of t)ip Rejsqnai Estate pfl&uch/Twailt-1 i.- /u ) k , n , /«.T

r>X.1 Where i\tfy L^asblias beeh of Shall' tiiade eohtaihing'kii1 Agrecmefrjt fc^tHiihipg tar Assignment pfohib»titigvAsfeignhidnt, ' thd Benefit of'1 Whtth hais hbt^beerl SvaW'CtT before the 'First Day of cAontral7to JUtk Olife tHot^atld'eij^lltdiWridr^rl 'iiLiWl tW&rt£v-&iVJit Shall'tVrti lie liiU/Pnl70 nsSlhtl^h'^TiiliirU greenient. or"kn)rTat% thereof Landlord or1 hte Ajgettt* thereto uawnuiy executing Party to the Instrument of Assignment, or by mi Indorsement1 ditMcjfcHSub-

XI. Tfye^y , A^gnepitof thci Estate) or jor., any, J?art.tipiepeoffof, itDy:Teim^ by Assignee liable

lawful ' Assig^mepi, pi; .by D.ey^e, Ilequpst, wd>iQjp^ratipp of LayybI m^o(ftfteL, the passing of this Act, shall be subject; , .*9..tlifi, Agi'OWCP-ts, ipiiT<lspppt of s^nment.

Assignment or sub-letting to the same Extent as the original Tenant might have .been,

XII. Every Landlord of any Lands holden undQr^nj Lwp pr> pthnr Qontm^t ofi.'BenftPieyi'Benefit of shall have the same Action and Remedy against, the Tenant, and tlje. Assignee of his Estate Covenants and of' Interest. !or tfteir respective' fieiri/, EiceCutJOV ^, ' Of AdMinistrktbi% i^ r(i^p4ct.'6f tft'O Agree- Jt

mewtd contained lor irtrji^li^d 'in^nch' 'LOadO1 dfCblltract, 1 hs Ith^ Wigirtal ^'dddlbiil^iihf had against tho original Tenant^ or his Iloir dr pd^bhjiV Repre^ehtaHvc 're^pcdtiV^ the Heir or plersPnal' Representative1 of such Lttttdlord 'Ori^' ivliom lrlA Estate of VInt^rtyfc7' under any such Lease or Contract shall devolve or should have devolved sTmll 'hdv'O^hO likO* Actiom and Remedy against the Tenant, and^ the^ Asslgineetof ^his. Esteto erTnborQdtj/rfrid their respective Heirp pr personal Reprepentatives; for any Damhglo done to thcissld lEatdted or Interest of; suohi Landlord by, reasqfa of ith^ Breoclt of lany; A^rO^mtentjoontainedndpl* implied in the Lease or odmr i Contruct of/L'Pnau^y ipu'tli^/Lifotim'^of Mthd 'Lnndlorib arf I such Landlord himself might have had. r:r; 7/ nr {.-»\»-.nUU; r.

Agrfeeih6tfed, or> transfttttt! 'Assigoer of the

tXIIL; Every Tenant of any .Lands shall halve; the same Abtiwi und Reraedy>again^t the Benefttaif' r; Landlord and the Assignee, -of his Estate or Interest, or theid re^ecth^ Heirs^ Exectttbr»^ve^u^n^1.'; ortAdnciinistrafcoi ^, in xespecfcof the? Agreements containfed ot implied in the* Lease orfothei'>h^e^j^ Contract oonCerning the Lands, as the original Tenant; mi^ht have had against the original»Assignee of Landlord, ok(his Heir or pefsoiKil Rejitiesentative respectively'; nnd tlte Heir Pr persoWal^ the Tenant. Representative of such Tenant on whom his Estate or lhteVest ^hali devolve or should ha^Ve! devolved shall have the like Action and Remedy against the Landlord, and the Assigned of! 1 v . his

: ?I6 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

his Estate or Interest, and their respective Heirs and personal Representatives, for any Damage done to the said Estate or Interest of such Tenant by reason of the Breach of any Agreement contained or implied in the Lease or other Contract of Tenancy in the Lifetime of the Tenant, as such Tenant might have had.

Liability of Assignee to cease after Assignment over.

XIV. No Landlord or Tenant, being such by Assignment, Devise* Bequest, or Act and Operation of Law only, shall have the Benefit or be liable in respect of the Breach of any Covenant or Contract contained or implied in the Lease or other Contract of Tenancy, otherwise than in respect of such Rent as shall have accrued due, and such Breaches as shill have occurred or continued subsequent to such Assignment, and whilst he shall have continued to be such Assignee: Provided, however, that no Assignment made by any Assignee of the Estate or Interest of any Tenant shall discharge such Assignee from his Liability to the Landlord, unless and until Notice in Writing of the Particulars of such Assignment shall have been given to the Landlord.

Assignee liable till End of accruing Gale.

XV. Every Tenant, being an Assignee as aforesaid, who shall have assigned his Estate or Interest in the Lease or other Contract of Tenancy in the Interval between two Gale Days, shall, notwithstanding such Assignment, be liable as Assignee to the Payment of the Rent and the Performance of the Agreements contained in the Lease or other Contract up to and including the Gale Day next following the Service of Notice of the said Assignment.

Adoption of XVI. From and after any Assignment hereafter to be made of the Estate or Interest

Assignee, - Qf any original Tenant in any Lease, with the Consent of the Landlord, testified in manner

specified in Section Ten, tho Landlord so consenting shall be deemed to have released and Covenant* .: discharged the said Tenant from all Actions and Remedies at the Suit of such Landlord,

and all Persons claiming by, through, or under him, in respect of any future Breach of the Agreements contained in the Lease, but without Prejudice to any Remedy or Right against the Assignee of such Estate or Interest.

Fixtures of Trade or Agriculture erected by the Tenant may he removed.

Sub-fating.

Sub-letting contrary to Agreement to be void.

XVII. Personal Chattels, Engines, and Machinery, and Buildings accessorial thereto, erected and affixed to the Freehold by the Tenant at his sole Expense, for any Purpose of Trade, Manufacture; or Agriculture, or for Ornament, or for the domestic Convenience of the Tenant in his Occupation of the demised Premises, and so attached to the Freehold that they can be removed without substantial Damage to the Freehold or to the Fixture itself, and which shall not have been so erected or affixed in pursuance of any Obligation or in violation of any Agreement in that Behalf, may be removed by the Tenant, or his Jxscutprs or Administrators, during the Tenancy, or when the Tenancy determines by some uncertain Event, and without the Act or Default of the Tenant, within Two Calendar Mpaths after such Determination, except so far as may be otherwise specially provided by the Contraptjof Tenancy; provided that the Landlord shall be entitled to reasonable Compensation for, any Damage occasioned to the Premises by such Removal.

XVIII. When any Lease has been or shall be made containing an Agreement against sub-letting or against letting in Conacre, the Benefit of which haa not been waived before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-six, it shall not be lawful for the Tenant to sub-let the said Lands or any Part thereof, or, in case of an Agreement against letting in Conacre, to let the same in Conacre, without the express Consent in Writing of the Landlord or of his Agent thereto lawfully authorized, testified by. hid being a Party to the Instrument of Sub-lease, or by an Indorsement on or Subscription of such Instrument," or by a Note in Writing signed by such Landlord or his Agent," and no Receipt of Rent by any Landlord or his Agent shall be deemed to be a Waiver of any such Agreement against sub-letting. j

Sub-letting XIX. Where any Sub-letting shall take place with the Consent of the Landlord given in ^fthCbnsent manner aforesaid, except in the Case of a Building Lease, and the Sub-tenant shall have paid unatit from satisfied the Rent or any Part thereof dpe from him to the Tenant or his Repreeenta-

double Charge, tives, the Receipt of such Tenant or his Representatives shall be a full Discharge to>such Sub-tenant and the Lands sub-let, os against the Landlord so consenting* in; respect of. all

23° & 24° VICTORIA, e- 154.

Pent issuing, out of the same and theretofore due, except so much, if auj, as remands 4ae from the Sub-tenant; provided the Landlord shall not have previously served the Notice upon the Default herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that such Discharge to such Sub-tenant shall be without Prejudice to the Landlord's Remedies for the Balance of his Rent against the Tenant or his Representatives and the other Premises out of which such > Rent shall accrue due. 1

XX. Where any Tenant sub-letting shall neglect to pay to' his Landlord the Rent payable in respect of the Lands comprised in the Lease, it shall be lawful for the Landlord, or his Agent lawfully acting in that Behalf, after and as often as One Gale of such Rent shall have accrued due and remained unpaid for the Space of One Month, to give Notice in Writing to the Sub-tenant, requiring him to pay to the Landlord so much of the Rent payable by such Sub-tenant to the Tenant under whom he holds as may be sufficient to discharge the Gale or Gales stated in such Notice to be due from the Tenant to the Landlord, such Notice to be delivered to the Sub-tenant, or left at his usual Place of Abode with some Member of his Family above the Age of Sixteen Years; and thereupon such Sub-tenant shall be liable to pay to the Landlord all Rent that may accrue due after the Receipt of such Notice, or so much thereof as may be sufficient to discharge such Gale or Gales; and the Receipt of the Landlord or his Agent shall be a full Discharge to the Sub-tenant against; the Tenant in respect of all Rent so paid; and the said Landlord and his Representatives shall, be entitled to all such Rights and Remedies for the enforcing Payment of such Rent as the said Tenant so sub letting might have had.

XXI. Where any Tenant sub-letting shall neglect to pay his Landlord the Rent payable in respect of the Lands comprised in the Lease, it shall be lawful for the Sub-tenant, after and often as any One Gale of such Rent shall have accrued due and remain unpaid to such Landlord, and before any Action brought by such Tenant against the Sub-tenant, voluntarily to make Payment of so much of the Rent due by such Sub tenant to such Tenant as may be sufficient to discharge such Gale or Gales; and the Receipt of the Landlord or his Agent shall be a full Discharge to the Sub-tenant against the Tenant in respect of all Rent so paid.

XXII. When any Sub-letting shall take place with such Consent as aforesaid, it shall not be deemed a general Waiver of the Benefit of the Agreement against subletting.

XXIII. In all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings, Proof by or on behalf of any Landlord of the Perfection of the Counterpart of any Lease shall be equivalent to Proof of the Per-

fection of the original Lease; and in case it shall appear that no Counterpart existed, or that the Counterpart has been lost, destroyed, or mislaid, Proof of a Copy of the original Lease or Counterpart, as the Case may be, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Contents of the Lease, as against the Lessee or any Person claiming from or under him.

XXIV. In all Actions, Suits, and Proceedings brought by or against any Person claiming to be Landlord otherwise than by original Contract, after Proof of the original Lease or Contract, it shall be sufficient prima facie Evidence of the Title of such Person as Landlord, as to all Parties in the said Suit cft Proceeding, to prove that he has for One Year at least, or that the Person under whom immediately he derives his Title has for One Year at least, and within Three Years before the Transmission of such Title, received the Rent of the Lands in respect of which such Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall be brought from a Party in possession thereof.

XXV. No Tenant of any Lands entitled to any perpetual Interest under any Lease: or Grant made after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one shall be impeachable of any Waste, other than fraudulent or malicious Waste, except in sp fhr as such Tenant shall, by any Agreement contained in the Lease or Grant, be prohibited from doing or permitting anjr Act: Provided that no Fee-farm Grant made under the "Renewable Leasehold Conversion Act," or any renewed Lease executed after the First of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, in pursuance of an Agreement for Renewal contained in a Lease made before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to be a perpetual

Interest

Landlord'* Notice to SdV tenant to pay Bent to him.

Sab-tenant's Election to pay Beat to Landlord.

Provision for Sub-letting with Consent.

Evidence.

Proof of Contents of Lease.

Proof of Landlord's Title, when derivative.

Mines, &c., Rights and Reservations.

Tenant in Fee* farm not im-> peacbable of Waste.

Tenant of lesser Interest not to open Mines or Quarries.

Tenant may work Miues already opened.

Tenant may work Quarries already open, but not for Profit or Sale.

Tenant may cut Turf, but not for Sale.

Tenant shall] not burn Land.

Tenant shall not cut or lop Trees.

23° & 24". VICTORIAE, c. 154.

Interest made after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and rixty^oao

within the Meaning of this Section.

XXVI. Xo Tenant of any Lands holden for any Estate or Interest less than a perpetual Estate or Interest, made after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, by virtue of any Lease or Contract, shall, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Landlord, being a Person competent to grant such Licence, or of his Agent duly authorized to act on his Behalf, open, dig for any unopened Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, or (except as herein-after provided) remove the Soil or Surface or Subsoil of the said Lands, or permit or commit any other Manner of Waste thereon, unless the said Lands shall have been, in express Terms, leased for the Purpose or with the Permission of being so used and enjoyed.

XXVII. AVhereany Lease shall be made on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one of Lands containing any Mines or Minerals which at the Time of the making of such Lease shall have been opened or worked, it shall be lawful for the Tenant thereof to enter upon and follow, and to work and dig for, and remove the said Mines or Minerals, whether they shall have been granted by Name or not in the said Lease, unless by the said Lease it shall be otherwise provided.

XXVIII. Where any Lease or Demise shall be made on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one of Lands containing any Quarries or Beds of Stone, Limestone, Sand, Marl, Gravel, or Clay, which at the Tune of the making of such Lease shall have been opened or worked, it shall be lawful for such Tenant, unless by the said lease otherwise provided, to work, dig for, and use such Quarries or Beds so far as may be necessary or useful for the Purposes of Agriculture and good Husbandry, and the lawful Erection or Repair of any necessary Buildings on the said Lands, but not for any Purpose of Trade or Manufacture, or for Profit or Sale, unless the Right so to use and enjoy the same shall have been expressly granted in Writing by the Landlord being competent so to grant as aforesaid.

XXIX. Where any Lease or Demise shall be made on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one of Lands containing Turf Bog, unreclaimed and unprofitable for Agriculture, or where any Lease shall be so made giving a Right of Turbary on the Premises, or conferring a Right of Common of Turbary on Premises not comprised in the Lease, it shall be lawful for the Tenant, unless by the said Lease it be specially provided to the contrary, to cut, use, and enjoy the said Turf Bog, so far as shall be necessary for the bona fide Use on the demised Premises of the Tenant and his lawful Sub-tenants, but not for any Purpose of Trade or Manufacture, or for Profit or Sale, unless the Right so to use and enjoy the same shall have been expressly granted in Writing by the Landlord being competent so to grant as aforesaid.

XXX. No Tenant under any Lease or other Contract of Tenancy conferring an Estate or Interest less than a perpetual Estate or Interest shall burn or permit to be burned the Soil or Surface of the Land, or any Part thereof, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Landlord, being a Person competent to grant such Licence, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Statute Acre or any fractional Part of an Acre on which such burning shall take place, to be recoverable by the immediate Landlord by Civil Bill Action in the County in which the Tenant usually resides, or in the County in which the Lands or any Part of them are situate, at the Election of the Landlord

XXXI. No Tenant of any Lands holden under any Lease or other Contract of Tenancy conferring an Estate or Interest less than a perpetual Estate or Interest, and made on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, shall cut down, top, lop, or grub any Tree or Wood growing on the said Lands, unless such Tenant shall be authorized thereto by Covenant or Agreement in the Lease under which the Lands are holden, if there be a Lease, or unless such Tenant shall have the previous Consent in Writing of the Landlord competent to give such Consent for that Purpose, or shall have been lawfully required so to do, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Tree cut down, topped, lopped, or grubbed, to be recoverable by the immediate Landlord by Civil Bill

fv Action

2ft» i& 244 VICTORIAEj , : c 154;

Action in the County ih which the Tenant usually residee, or in the County Ih which the

Lands or any Part of them are situate, at the Election of the Landlord: Provided that nothing in this Provision contained shall affect any Sight which any .Tenant mayflawfally '

exercise or enjoy in respect of Trees duly registered and belonging to such Tenant, or /ip/

respect of Willows, Osiers, or Sallows, under any Act in force in Ireland.

XXXII; Where Lands shall be granted or leased for any Estate or Interest, excepting Where MmesJ thereout the Mines and Minerals upon the demised Premises, it shall be lawful for jthe Person entitled to the Pent thereof, in Fee Simple, Fee Farm, Fee Tail, or for Life, with imme- 0riease7the diate Remainder *to his own Issue, to open, dig for, and work all Mines and Minerals, found* Mines, ih or upon fhb said Lands, and to carry away the Ore thereof, or to lease the same to any Person or Persons for any Term within the leasing Power of such Person in respect of Mines and Minerals; and such Owner or his Lessee shall have full Liberty to'enter'ob the said Lauds, and to build and make all Houses, Railways, Tramways, and Conveniences t.

necessary for the Purpose of mining, and to employ all Stream* on the said Land not pre-i viously occupied, making to the Tenant of said Lands such yearly or other Compensation or Allowance for the Damage sustained by reason of such digging of the Ore, or building the said Houses, or otherwise using of the said Lands or Streams, as shall be agreed upon between the said Parties, or in case they shall not agree, then suc^i Compensator of A^llow-, ,; .; ance *U shall be ascertained by the Chairman of the County Upon a Civil BjlJ Action, brought for that Purpose with the fcaihe Incidents as in ordinary Civil Bill, Process; PrOrj /

vided, however, that no Person shall search for, open, or work any Mine or Minjer^l* by -, ... 7 virtue of this Act, on any Spot of Ground on which any Church or other Place of Worship^ j Graveyard, Cemetery, or Public School shall be situjate, nor Within Thirty Yards thereof, nor upon any Spot of Ground on which any House, Outhouse, Garden, Qrcnard, or Avenue; shall be situate, without the Consent of the Tenant in possession thereof fijqst had and{ obtained. ' 1,; *

, *., j, i, 1 - - *4

XXXIII. Where such Parties shall not agree upon the Amount of Compensation to be; Compensation paid for the Injury sustained by the Entry on or Use of Lands for the Purpose of mining in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Party claiming such Compensation to bring -

Civil Bill Action for the Amount claimed ' befdre the Chairman of the County in which' the . 1: Lands or the greater Part of them are situate, and the Chairman shall, with the Assistance ' of a Jury on their Oaths os aforfesaid, make such Decree Or Dismiss thereon, and subject to the like Appeal as in ordinary Cases of Civil Bill Actions for Injuries sustained. '

X^XXIV. Where the Lease or Tenancy of any Farm or Lapds (held at>Rackreut) shall tenant, in liea determine by the Death or Cesser, of the Estate of any Landlord entitled for, btejLife orfor any other uncertain Interest,; or, by t|ie Death of the Lives in the Tenant's L^sp, pr by. the to hold until happening of any Contingency whereby such Lease or Tenancy shall <Jeterming without the Jas* Gal* Day Act or Default of the Tenant, the Tenant in occupation, in lieu of the Right to Emblements,

where such Right shall exist, shall, if he think proper so tb do, continue to hbld and Occupy 7! j; 4 eueh Farm or Lands until the lost Gale Day of the current Year iq Whi(A such Tenatily shall determine, and shall then quit iipoh the Terms of his Lease or Holding, in the tarile Mannet na if such Lease or Tenancy were then determined by Effluxion of Time 01? other' lawful Means, during the Continuance of his Landlord's Estate; and the Lnndl6rd ctf succeeding Landlord or Owner shall be entitled to recover Rent from the Tenant in the s&me

Mpnuer as if the Tenants Interest had only determined on auch Gale Day and the lianfl-1 lord, or the succeeding Landlord or Owners and 4he Tenant respectively, AiaHf as betwiert' themselves and as against each other, be entitled to ^1 t^e Beme^ts^ aqd Ad^nt^gjjfs , :.r .; :l

and be subject to all The Terms, Conditions, and Restrictions, to winch the\ Landlord preceding Landlord or Lessor and such Teqant respectively would hav^ beep eqtiflecl, opd, i; subject in case the Lease or Tenancy had determined, in fanner aforesaid at the E^pirar, ti6n of such current Year: Provided always, that no Notice to qijrit shall be, qeppssajqy.or4 required oi* from either Party tp de)tcrmine any such Holding find Occupation as

XXXV., Where any Person shall beta possession of Latifls, of of any DWelltag House, '

Outhouse, or Buildings? Us Tenant thereof* or AS a Servant br "Cdreteflcec of ady OWndr, or Magistrate's

, 23 & 24 Vict. 4 Y having Precept to

t >

Prevention of

720 23° & 24° VI CTO RLE, c. 154.

restrain

Waste.

having obtained the Possession thereof from any such Tenant, Servant, or Caretaker, andtke Landlord or Owner or other Person interested in the Preservation of the Premises, or any Agent acting on his Behalf, shall, by Affidavit, satisfy any Justice of the Peace of the County, not being a Party interested in the said Premises, (who is hereby authorised and required to take such Affidavit,) that there exists probable and just Grounds of Suspicion that such Person is about to commit or to permit or suffer any unlawful Waste, Injury, Alteration, Destruction upon, or ftemoval from any such Dwelling House, Outhouse, or' other Building, or intends unlawfully to burn or break up any Part of the Soil or Surface or Subsoil of the Lands, or unlawfully to remove the Soil or Surface or Subsoil of the said Lands, or unlawfully to cut down, top, lop, or grub any Trees, Woods, or Underwoods growing on the said Lands, or otherwise use or misuse the Premises or any Part thereof, contrary to his Agreement, or that he is in the Act of doing or suffering any of the aforesaid Matters, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to issue his Precept in Writing under his Hand and Seal, stating that Information had been received that such Waste or Injury is intended to be or is in the Act of being done or permitted, and commanding all such Persons and all other Persons whomsoever to desist from such Waste or Injury, and not to continue the same until special Leave and Authority for that Purpose shall be first procured from the Magistrate who shall have signed such Precept, or until the Subject Matter of the said Information be inquired into at the next Petty Sessions of the District in which the said Premises are situate, or such other Time as may be therein mentioned; and such Precept may be according to the Form No. 1. in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, and shall be served on every or any Person by whom it shall be suspected that such Waste or Injury is intended to be or is being committed, by delivering a Copy thereof to such Person, if he can be found, and if not, by affixing a Copy thereof on the principal Door or Entrance to the Dwelling House, Outhouse, or other Building, and if there be no such House or Building, on some conspicuous Part of the Premises; and the said Persons shall and may attend at the Petty Sessions, and such Order may be made thereat by the Court of Petty Sessions for annulling or continuing for a limited Period the said Precept, or otherwise as may be agreeable to Justice.

Punishment of XXXVI. If any Person shall, after the Service or posting of such Precept, in dis-Di^bedience obedience thereto, without such Leave and Authority as aforesaid, proceed with or continue o ecep. do the Act prohibited by such Precept, or wilfully aid, abet, or assist in so doing, he shall,

on Conviction thereof before Two or more Justices of Peace at Petty Sessions, be liable to be imprisoned for a Period not exceeding One Calendar Month; and all the Provisions of the " Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act " respecting summary Convictions before Justices at Petty Sessions, and respecting Appeals therefrom, shall be applicable to every Conviction under this Section.

Annulling Precept of Magistrate.

XXXVII. It shall be lawful for any of the Superior Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland, or any Judge thereof, or for the going Justices of Assize, or One of them, or for the Chairman presiding in the County, on a summary Application on behalf of any Person aggrieved by any such Precept, Order, or Conviction, of which due Notice shall be given' to the opposite Party, to annul or vary any such Precept granted by any Justice of the Peace, or any Order or Conviction made at Petty Sessions in relation thereto, and to award as between the Parties a reasonable Sum for the Costs occasioned by the procuring and sustaining, or annulling or varying, the said Precept, or Order or Conviction, and reasonable Compensation for any Loss or Damage caused by the procuring such Precept or Order.

Landlord may

XXXVIII. It shall be lawful for the Landlord of any Premises holden under Lease or enter to inspect other Contract of Tenancy made on or after the First Day of January One thousand eight aste* hundred and sixty-one, upon which any Waste, Misuser, or Destruction shall have been

committed or suffered, and his Agent lawfully authorized, at any reasonable Time to enter upon the Premises so wasted or misused, and to inspect and, if necessary, to survey the same for the Purpose of ascertaining the Nature and Extent of any Waste or Injury done, or the Quantity of Land burned contrary to the Provisions of this Act; and if any Person shall hinder or obstruct such Landlord or Agent in making such Entry, Inspection, or Survey, he shall forfeit to the said Landlord a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be

721

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

recovered by Civil Bill Action in the same Manner and with the like Appeal as in ordinary Cases of Civil Bill Actions.

XXXIX. Nothing in this Act contained shall deprive any Landlord or Owner of any Ordinary Lands of any other Remedy, either at Law or in Equity, which he might previously have Civil Remedies had or pursued against any Person for any Injury sustained by such Landlord or other preserred* Person, or for preventing such Injury.

XL. If any Dwelling House or other Building constituting the substantial Matter of the Destruction Demise, and holden by any Tenant under any Lease or other Contract of Tenancy not of Subject of containing an express Covenant or Agreement binding on the Tenant to repair the same, determine the shall be destroyed, become ruinous and uninhabitable, or incapable of beneficial Occupation Tenancy, or Enjoyment, by accidental Fire or other inevitable Accident, and without the Default or Neglect of the said Tenant, it shall be lawful for such Tenant to surrender the said Premises, and on tendering the said Surrender, and on Payment of all Rent and Arrears due or accruing due, or tendering the same, the said Tenant shall be thenceforth discharged from all Obligation to pay the Rent or perform the Covenants and Conditions in the Lease thenceforward.

XLI. Every Lease of Lands or Tenements made after the Commencement of this Act Covenants and shall (unless otherwise expressly provided by such Lease) imply an Agreement on the Part Conditions. of the Landlord making such Lease, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Covenants im-with the Tenant thereof for the Time being, that the said Landlord has good Title to make plied on behalf such Lease, and that the Tenant shall have the quiet and peaceable Enjoyment of the said of landlord. Lands or Tenements without the Interruption of the Landlord or any Person whomsoever during the Term contracted for, so long as the Tenant shall pay the Rent and perform the Agreements contained in the Lease to be observed on the Part of the Tenant

XLII. Every Lease of Lands or Tenements made after the Commencement of this Act Covenants shall (unless otherwise expressly provided by such Lease) imply the following Agreements on the Part' of the Tenant for the Time being, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Tenant Assigns, with the Landlord thereof; that is to say,

1. That the Tenant shall pay, when due, the Rent reserved and all Taxes and Impositions payable by the Tenant, and shall keep the Premises in good and substantial Repair and Condition:

2. That the Tenant shall give peaceable Possession of the demised Premises, in good and substantial Repair and Condition, on the Determination of the Lease (Accidents by Fire without the Tenant's Default excepted), subject, however, to any Right of Removal (or of Compensation for Improvements) that may have lawfully arisen in respect of them, and to any Right of Surrender in case of the Destruction of the Subject Matter of the Lease as herein-before mentioned.

XLIII. Where any Lease made after the Commencement of this Act shall contain or Waiver and imply any Condition, Covenant, or Agreement to be observed or performed on the Part of Dispensation the Tenant, no Act hereafter done or suffered by the Landlord shall be deemed to be a 0 CovenaiIts-Dispensation with such Condition, Covenant, or Agreement, or a Waiver of the Benefit of the same in respect of any Breach thereof, unless such Dispensation or Waiver shall be signified by the Landlord or his authorized Agent in Writing under his Hand.

XLIV. The Surrender to or Resumption by a Landlord, or Eviction of any Portion of the Premises demised by a Lease, shall not in any Manner prejudice or affect the Rights of the Landlord, whether by Action, or Entry, or Ejectment, as to the Residue of said Premises.

XLV. Every Person entitled to any Rent in arrear, whether in his own Right or in right of his See, Dignity, Benefice, or Corporation, or in right of his Wife, or as Executor or Administrator of any Party deceased, under any Lease or other Contract of Tenancy, whether of Freehold or for Years or both, and whether the Estate or Interest in such Lease or Contract shall be continuing or not, shall be entitled to recover such Ajrear from the Tenant of such Lands at the Time of the accruing of the said Rent, or his Executors or Administrators, by an Action in any of the Superior Courts

Surrender of Portion of Premises not to prejudice Rights of Landlord. Actions for Rent.

Action for Rent in arrear.

722

Action for Use and Occupation.

Receipts to apply to last Gale.

Sat-off against Rent

Apportionment of Rent where Lease has Continuance.

Proriding for Cases not coming within the Provisions of Clause 34.

No Distress for more than One Year's Rent

Ejectment for Year's Rent unpaid.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

of Law at Dublin, or, where tliq Amount sli0.ll nbt exceed fhb Sum df'Cne hfthdted by Civil Bill Action in the Cobrt of the Chairman of the County or Riding in whibH the Lands or any Part of them shall be sittiate. 1 .: V{

XLVI. Every Pefrson entitled to any Lands, and who shall suffer thd sAid Lhnds io1 be holden or occupied by tiny Person under itn Agreement not specifyingor determining the Amount of Rent, shall be Entitled to recover a reasonable satisfaction^fot* the anil Occupatidri of the sdd Premise holden or occupied by the said Person iri rin Acriottmari^ of the Superior Court of Laiv at Ddblin, or where the Amount shall not*exceied'- the, fSuni of One hundred Pounds, by Civil Bill Action in the Court of1 the Chairman of'thd County in which the Lands or any Part of them shall be situate. >, ," \, ' j\ \

XLVII. Every Receipt 6r Acknowledgment for Rent, or for Money paid on. laeoooont thereof, and given on or after the First Day of January One thousand; eight; hundred and sixty-one, shall specify the Gale for or oh account of w'hioli the same was accepted and paid* and in default thereof such Money shall, in any Action, Suit, or Pirocebding!whatsoever^ be deemed to have been paid and accepted for and on account of the Gals of Rent which became due upon the Gale Day immediately preceding the Date of such Payment* and shall be primi facie Evidence that all previously accrued Galea have been satisfied. i.

XLVIII. All Claims and Demands by any Landlord, against hi Tenacteda rqspe^tt of Rent shall be subject to Deduction or Set-off in respect of oil just Debts doe byihe Landlord to the Tenant* /! -, (:; ! i / >

XLIX. In case any Landlord, being Tenant in 'Fee or for any lesser1 Estate, shall die before the Day oa which the Rent rqsqrye^ in any Lease or pthpr (^ntr^cj of ^ep^cyj, pr^on apy Pprol Tenancy from TY?ar to Year, shall .have pr shall becomejpayable, and such, Cqptraqf, pr TenapcysWll have Continuance notwithstanding spclx Death, the Kent , e^alf be, apportion^ in. spcji Mapper, that thq ^xeeiftoya, Ajiminisiirator

Landlord shall {bp, qptitlqp /^o p^pportiooM^ Rart^f, such Kpnt aqqorqipg ,; to

during wjiiplii thq said Rent, >vas, accruing. cUe petorp, such Def0h, !p^W

whiqh. suqh Dqath shall have, happene ^, ^kin" all just and; fair AU^ncq^ the . proportippajte pjjixt of the Charges pn. sakf: .trpvjde ^, tha^ thq ljiap

to pay such Rent shall not be resorted fiifpr . any ppportjpned Part itbprpQf spec^Cjuly^ bu£ that the entire Rent shall be received and recovered by the Person w^io but for suen Apportionment; would have been entitled toitheoutire Rent, and such, PrapprtionIbe received .and; recovered from such. Person, by(, ths , Partfoa, entitledr<tPi-tbp, Bftme; W&der this- Act. /,; J / .i tl'.'l lilV/il, i i ''- It j f! r» t(*> TIT », f| t' r J [{ HI

L. Ih' .c^eijy Case not coming within the Pr'orisioii3 df ClaOsq' 'thir^y-fcAi^' trbetf ' fh6 Tenancy fleteVrhfnks, otherwise thin by the Act of the Lhndlbril. at any'Tittle *bfetJre41fi Day oil whibh the Rent woiild become payable^ tWe XJdndlOrd^at'thd i'htfe'tof iOinatiofi TUhle's it is Otherwise agreed) shilf bd eiititldil t6 iS reasdhablri Pi^ofi brihe Rent accbrdittg tb the Time, that pa elapsed freym the Comfoericetribttt tojf- the TOha^c^y w' the last Gale^ Day, tb the Day of the Determination bf such Tiin^ttCy, lttclttdlki<£

LI. From and after. tW , Commenoemetit iofjth>» Act, it aWH .not b#i, I|t\yif«L lor, iw(y/ Landlord, or any one on hia Lehalf, to take o» ^eiae any Pistre8», Bent; whifll) tjeeanWi

due more than One Year before the making of such Distress., , j 1|.; ui'i |,; n , : ni

LII. Whenever a. Year'a-Itei^ti shall; bq in.arrear In of ^andaiheld.un^er ja^y/Kee

Farm, Grapt, Leasp, or other (pontract of- fTeoancy.jorfrom Yca^ tp. Year^an^pj; Writing or otherwise)-it ?hall. he/ lawful for the Landlord, imma#ate>y the Expiration of the Limo> if any, limited for ^-enfry thereupon| ip, any, Leaae, OT (Agfpep-, ment, to proceed by i\jectineat for the Recovery of the Possession , q£ the saic} Lands, fri aflX-of the Superior Courts of. Law at Dublin, or, where the Rent slial} not, exceed One hupdj; $) Pounds by the Year, in tlve C|opi; t of the Chairman, of, the/Con^iy W wh^ the Liands, or, any Part thereof are situated; and, the Plaintiff'si^ight to sueaasu<?h l^nfllqr ^, shall not| be defeated by Proof merely that the legal Estate in the Rent or Lanas Is Vested in any other

723

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

other., Person not a Party to such Suit or Proceeding, but who would be a Trustee for the plaintiff, provided that the Plaintiff was at the Time of the Institution of such Suit or other Proceeding the Person substantially and beneficially entitled to the said Rent.

jLIII- In apy Ejectment under this Act it shall not be necessary to allege or prove the Reversion lU&king, of, any; , Demand. pr Reipntry^ qr, tl; e Existepcq of any C^use , pr Condition of and Fictions Reentry in, tUet Lease pr oilier Contract, or of any Legal Reversion pspqctant.on the unnece8Sal7-Llejtprnun^tion of the «ampj and subsisting in, the Landlords provided; aj Tenancy betwew the Parties1 shall .appear :to exist whether by original Contract, .pr, by, lawful AnsignnJrenL

PfcMiae* Request* w Act jand Operation of La>v / tl/j ,; :/i: ? , i

LIV. Every Civil Bill of Ejectment for Nonpayment of Pent under this Act may be Form of Civil According} to the Foriri No; % ini the Schedule^ A.)/to. tins Act, annebced* and it shall be ^m^nt^of1" Lawful for tho Chairman, oh Proof of tlte Servide of; suck Civil Bill in tlae Mariner herein Rent as in afier directed* and that a Sum equal to One full Yey's Rerity not exceeding the Rate: of Sched. (A.) Ohei hundred Pounds by1 the Year after/all just anct fair Atlbwances, was due when such Proceedings by Civil Bill was coramenoed, and still remains due to the Landlord* to decree the said Landlord to be'put into possession of the said Premises, and to ascertain the Amount of th*Rent thCn due.' . >i /, *. .; i

vLV. In any Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent brought by any Landlord under this Who to be Act it'shall not be necessary to serve with the Summons and Plaint in Ejectment, or with gj^ons^d Civil Bill Process, any Person other than the Person or Persons in the actual Possession Pro^ss^*11 o^the L^Sras; Temvqt pr Under-tenapt t (} (Ejectment

EVL Sdtvice of the Shmmons and Plaint or Civil Bill Process in Ejectment for Non- Service on phyihdnt of Rent on hny!Person in thp actual Possession as Tenant or Under-tenant of the Premises sought to be recovered, or any Part of them, shall be effected either by personal P Service of the Summons Arid Plaint or Civil Bill Process on such' Tenant or Under-tenant at any Place in Ireland, or by leaving a Copy thereof with the Wife, Child, Father, Mother,

g^ofnet, or Sister of the Party, or with anjrJ $ervant or Clerk of the said Party, at his Welling House or Office oi* Place of Business (the Person with whom such Copy shall he lift being of the Age of Sixteen Years or upward ^, 6r in Such other Manner as fehall a^peair to the Court or Jpdge thereof to be soffipienf. ' ' 1,:

LVII. In case there shall be ho Person in* the actual Fossessfoh of the Premises as Service where Tenant or Under-tenant ori whom Service oftauoh Summons and Plaint' or Civil Bill Process no Person in in Ejectment can be effected, it shall be lawful instead thereof to affix a Copy of' such P°83es8ion* §#mip9fps o^Qivil B|ljl P.rocysf of soipe jcoqspicumi? Paryt

u^pal P^ce for{afb?inff Nptipes in the nparept ^fyrket ^ojvn .tp thp.paid tWfa; provided* h9^pver, (that m , 9Wpb before, anjr .JDecreprpy.^nfeine.pjt ff>y, f)efipU shall (bp gjvp'n/the (

Qoprt 8%ll: bp. pafafie}! thtf, werp yffi$hOj rprspn^ ijn^cRiA1 ^session, on whom,

other Spfvipe; migfojt , bayc. bqpft.pffqctqd: prov[i<}ec^ also, jtLft in p^e of Ljeptipqpt. for. ^qppa^t of R^nt^rqsejwed ppon ymy (L^q of, Tlfb^. Ti$e Lentpbatge, , pc .other Ecclesiastical Dues, the Court in which the Ejectment is brought may order Service to be made by posting the Ejectment upon the Church Door of the Parish or Union of Parishes Wherein1 sudh; Tithe. Tithe Rent charge, or! Eedeeiffatfcal Dues fcre ' payable, and if therb be iw euch Church !in the Parish erf tTtrion of Parishes, Upon feothe public1 and conspicuous Place in the said Parish or Union. 'i*' :>.i *-) !* >i ,; '<> ».

0 tiVIII.^ih, lfaity Ibr!inpayment 'bf'Betif'brought ihlaby of the Superior Judgmentahd

C6Vrt^6f LaW, 1 when7thd Tenint '^hall Uot take Difctice to the igectUietit, the Affidavit of ^ecree by thh LdiMlOrdi'his Agfent, BcOWvef, W Clerk, kaflhg the AtrlouWtWf'Rent doeJat the Time Defaut* of tW bi^h^n^1 of the Ej^btmeUt^ Over abd AboVU all jUst itid1 salt A^loWnces, shall be stifficlfent^Tiyidqiice of the Amount1 diile, hhd shall"when the same ftitiotints to or exceeds One'^ent chtitj^ the'"Laildlom to 'iFnd^fneiit for the Posfecssioil of the Premises, provided an' Adjddvj't of the 'Service of the Summons and Plaint in such Ejectment shall nkVfe been udly1 fi!ed/i(ibordiiig to thfe Prlictice of such Court m - ij

rnU-t XjIX# Every

Defence to Civil Bill.

Sammons and Process to state Amount of Kent claimed.

Where Amount disputed, Lodgment may be made with Clerk of the Peace.

Lodgment in Court of Rent, and Undertaking to pay Costs.

Tender before Civil Bill Decree executed.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

LIX. Every Defendant in a Civil Bill Ejectment under this Act shall be entitled to every Defence at the Hearing of such Civil Bill which he might have had at Law or in Equity.

LX Every Summons and Plaint in Ejectment in the Superior Courts, and Civil Bill Process in Ejectment in the Court of the Chairman, for Nonpayment of Rent, shall contain or have endorsed thereon a Statement of the Amount claimed to be due by the Landlord for Rent after all just and fair Allowances up to the Time of the bringing of such Ejectment, and the Times at which such Rent accrued due, and that if the Amount thereof, together with a Sum for Costs, not exceeding in the Case of such Summons and Plaint One Pound Ten Shillings, and in the Case of a Civil Bill Process Ten Shillings, be paid to the Plaintiff1 or his Attorney or known Agent or Receiver within Ten Days from the Service of such Summons or Process, all further Proceedings will be stayed; and upon Payment or Tender within the Time so mentioned of the Sum so claimed, and Costs, to the Plaintiff or his Attorney or known Agent or Receiver, all further Proceedings in respect of the Rent then claimed shall cease and be stayed accordingly.

LXI. It shall be lawful for any Defendant in a Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent disputing the Amount of Rent claimed to be due, at any Time not later than Three Days before the Day on which he is required to appear, to deposit with the Clerk of the Peace of the County a Sum of Money for Rent, together with the Sum mentioned in said Civil Bill Process for Costs, for which Deposit, on Payment of the Fee of One Shilling and Sixpence, the Clerk of the Peace shall give the Defendant a Certificate of the Lodgment and Duplicate, which Duplicate shall be delivered to or left at the Abode of the Plaintiff, his Agent, Receiver, or Attorney in the Cause, not later than the Second Day before the Day on which the Defendant is required to appear; and in case the said Plaintiff, or his Attorney in the Cause, shall receive such Deposit from the Clerk of the Peace (which the Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to pay over to the Plaintiff or his Attorney, on Demand), such Payment shall be in full Discharge of the Rent and Costs claimed by the said Civil Bill; but in case the said Plaintiff, after Delivery of such Certificate, shall not accept of the said Deposit, on or before the Day next previous to the Day on which the Defendant is required to appear, exclusive of any Sunday, and it shall appear at the Hearing of such Civil Bill that no greater Sum was due for Rent at the Time of the Service of such Process than the Sum so deposited as aforesaid, and that such Duplicate was delivered as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Chairman to dismiss the said Civil Bill, with Costs of the Proceedings subsequent to the Delivery of the said Duplicate, and the Plaintiff shall be entitled to the Amount so deposited, reduced by the Amount of such Costs; and if it shall appear that any greater Sum was due than the Sum deposited, it shall be lawful for the said Chairman to ascertain the Amount of Rent actually due at the Time of the Service of the Summons in Ejectment, and the Sum so deposited shall be returned to the Defendant, unless the Plaintiff shall elect to take the same in lieu of the Possession, in which Case the Plaintiff shall be entitled to receive the same in Payment of his Rent, and to have a Decree for his Costs or for the Balance of his Rent and Costs,

LXII. It shall be lawful for any Defendant in any Action of Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent in any of the Superior Courts of Law, at any Time before Judgment or Service of a Notice of Trial, to pay into Court a Sum of Money for Rent, with an Undertaking to pay the Costs then incurred when taxed and ascertained, and in case of Nonpayment to suffer final Judgment to be marked, or an Attachment to be issued against him; and thereupon the Plaintiff *, if he shall not accept of the said Sum in full Discharge of the Action, with Costs to be taxed by the proper Officer, may proceed in the said Action at his Peril; and if upon the Trial of the Issue it shall appear that no greater Sum was due for Rent at the Time of the Service of the Summons in Ejectment than the Sum paid into Court, the Verdict shall be entered for the Defendant.

LXIII. It shall be lawful for the Defendant in any Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent, or any other Person having a specific Interest in the Lease or other Contract of Tenancy, at any Time before the Decree for Possession shall have been executed, to pay to the Plaintiff, or his Executor or Administrator, or Agent or Attorney, in the said Civil

BUI,

725

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

Bill, all Rent and Arrear due at the Time of the Service of the Ejectment, together with the Costs incurred, or a Sum sufficient to cover such Costs, or to tender the same, and in case such Tender shall be refused, to deposit the Money with the Clerk of the Peace of the County, for which Lodgment a Certificate and Duplicate shall be granted in manner aforesaid, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Chairman to order all further Proceedings to be stayed and to cease, upon Payment of such Costs incurred up to the Date of such Tender as he shall deem reasonable, and the Money so lodged with the Clerk of the Peace shall be paid over to the Plaintiff, or his Executor or Administrator or Attorney, on Demand: Provided that the Decision of the Chairman shall be subject to Appeal in like Manner as if it were a Decree or Dismiss on a Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent.

LXIV. It shall be lawful for the Defendant in any Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent in any of the Superior Courts, or any other Person having a specific Interest in the Lease or other Contract of Tenancy, at any Time before the Writ of Habere facias possessionem shall be executed, to pay to the Plaintiff, his Executors or Administrators, or his known Agent or Receiver, or to the Attorney in the Cause, all the Rent and Arrears due at the Time of the Service of the Ejectment, together with the Costs, or a Sum sufficient to cover such Costs, or to tender the same, and in case such Tender shall be refused, to lodge the Money in Court, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Court, or a Judge thereof, to order all further Proceedings to be stayed and to cease, upon Payment of such Costs incurred up to the Date of such Tender as the Court or a Judge shall deem to be reasonable; and the Money so lodged in Court shall be paid to the Plaintiff, or his Executor or Administrator or Attorney, on Demand; and the Defendant shall, notwithstanding any such Payment, be at liberty to have the Costs taxed and paid back, if disallowed, with the Costs of the Taxation, in case more than One Sixth shall be disallowed.

LXV. Upon every Writ of Habere facias possessionem and Warrant under a Decree for Possession in any Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent, there shall be a Statement of the Amount of Rent then due; and if at any Time before Execution executed the Defendant shall pay to the Sheriff the Sum so marked for Rent and Costs, such Sheriff shall stay such Execution, and shall endorse on such Writ, as a Return thereto, the Receipt of such Rent and Costs.

LXVL Every Landlord recovering Possession by such Judgment or Decree in any Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent shall have the same Remedy for all Arrears of Rent to the Time of the Execution of such Judgment or Decree as such Landlord might have had if Possession had not been obtained under such Judgment or Decree.

LXVII. No Proceeding in Error to reverse any Judgment obtained in any Action of Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent shall stay the Execution of the Writ of Habere facias possessionem, unless Bail in Error shall have been given.

LXVIII. Every Decree or Dismiss, or Dismiss without Prejudice, made or pronounced by any Chairman in any Action or Proceeding under this Act, shall be subject to Appeal, and under the same Restrictions and Regulations as other Cases of Civil Bills, unless so far as the said Regulations shall be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

LXIX. In any Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent, in case there shall be a Decree for Possession pronounced by the Chairman therein. Execution of such Decree shall not be stayed by reason of any Appeal, unless the Defendant shall deposit with the Clerk of the Peace of the County the Amount of the Rent proved to be due on the Hearing of such Civil Bill, and the Costs thereof; and such Deposit shall be in lieu of a Recognizance in ordinary Cases of Appeal, and shall be disposed of as the Court shall direct

LXX. In case the Defendant in any Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent, and the Persons interested in the Lease or other Contract of Tenancy, shall suffer a Decree of Possession or Writ of Habere facias possessionem to be executed, putting the Landlord into possession of the Premises, without paying the Rent and Arrears thereof, with full Costs, or lodging the same in the Superior Court in which the Ejectment was brought, or in case

Tender beforo Writ of Habere executed.

Amount of Rent to be endorsed on Execution and payable to Sheriff.

Remedy for Rent not prejudiced by Recovery of Possession.

Writ of Error no Stay of Execution unless Bail given.

Appeal from aril Bill Decree.

Appeal not to stay Execution unless Rent lodged.

Restitution to be applied for within Six Months.

m

jdl til' ni 'nrn> V

, M ')(tT')-, f -i

Proviio.

Court may award Restitution of Possession in certain Cases.

v> n>.>!)>/ *

Munich JSjfCtmcrtvJOT

Overholdirufi1

Overholding of Tenements under One hundred Pounds.

Civil Bill Ejectment efrtoVI

* 'n /Mil

* 'I r

nl 11]'Mi!1T *

V / .Ml -.1 -If^I

Defence and Appeal o»V\ CiyU^Ult a

VV

Hof; iv; '

Service of > > -Suntmnnsdn i EjectaKm A>v i overholding.

3X1 & 24° VICTORIAat c. 154.

of! t Givil BilllEjectment, lodging''the same vfith the Cletkbf the Peaeo of the Oount^ within Six Months after the Execution of the said Decree or Habere or Writ of Possession, and alao making an.Application to, be restored to the said Possession jto the (Court ouf of Svhfdh sudh'DeCree or Writ slVall have issued *, or to a Judge thereof, within tpe said, period 6'rSii Month?, 4 or1 at the earliest'Opportunity after on which Application .cap hejre^sopably niade (dttd' of wlpch Application the Landlord shaltj receive due Nptjpe; , ip, cyery; such C&eV<fr Sn'casi the 'said Court or a Judge shall, upon such Application, de^pe' to make ajfi pfclfer for 'Restitujtion .thereon, the: said Defendant, pnd all othe^ Persons interested in the tease' ot.bthfcrC|ont^ be deb^redfyon) fill Relief of Remedy ip Law or

lb hrino^ing an Appeal from, the said Decree of the Assistant Barrister,

6r *a!Wpt' of Efifror* to reverse suph Judgment of the Superior .Court In cpse such Decree qr Jndfim^iit shall b'e 'erroneous, and the said Lanjdlord shall from thenceforth hold the diiriised T^etmses; ^ischarge^ from 'such Lea?e or Lenanqj; provided that nothing herein Contained affect the jBight of Redemption now by Law reserved tp. any existing

Mortgage clafniidg un^er d(ulyregistered Mortgage. M.

m, LXXI.I Itahall be-lawful for the said Chairman!, in case of any Decree for Fosse&skul for ifoupfrym&nft of; Kent j land for, the said Superior Court of Lawin which any such Judgment in E^Cctment for inpayment ef Kent ih favour of any Landlord shall havi bten given tmd executed aaaforefcaidvor a Judgfe thereof, oh the, Application of"tho Defendant <Jr any Other Petosoti; .having, ad specific Interest in the Leaseorother Contract'of Tenancy, 'atwl midanWitbiptbe Period iaforesaidv and' after jsrich i Parent i<nh Lodgment1 oft the' Rent, JWtfeafcfe; and t £dsta lasaforesaid, .tb hear and determine ih a^sirinmaty Mainer* the Claimof feuch-Defend^pttpbe.testoCedito the I Possession off the Ftemwesso recoveted^nd1 to j^fve

of«Eqtiityimight have done, and Id hw^rd a* Wrifciof Restmt-tiobu/Sr.-to^jefufee, isuchi Application f provided Ahafl then Ordbnor Dcdisiba of ^single Jndgfe in*[Chamber) may bof reversed or rvarieid byi the:Coui%and 'that1 it ehall' bo lawful for any Poraop. Aggrieved jbyiany suob Order or. Dcoisionlof hnyi Chairman!tolappeidtHerefrdm lt) t^e Tnext going iJtodge«lf i Aaaize i fori the County, ! on Payment! of i the Costs lalheady finc.itrr^d, apd ^ntc^ihgi infoiiSeCilrityr by Reeognitfdnnii in >the Suanl6f Three Pounds i f h abide) by thfe Order of the said Judge on such Appeal, and such Judge of Assize shall, upohi 6ufch Appeal, .have. Authority to r make siqch Order tonchingj the Applicationas |sh^ll eoyir^ to

o^nV.l viir r v i I.-mI ... , ? I' = i:- i 1

J(1L^nIL. Jf, qny([Tenant, of any Lvjds hctldeoa at alRent not exceeding tht Rate>o£nQfie h]upd^d| ^oqndp pef Ajimm, shall neglect, pp frefuse to giKe PoOsestfoftvdf tie sdme.aftecithe Pefeymm^iipn, (of either by)Notice tx>^irit cte otherwise, it shaJIcbe ilawful-4tt

, tp .propeed ^yiGiyil, -Bill Ejectment ftgajnst suchaTCjaant abd such| 6\hfa P^nvija^sh^U\b$ in, ffae actual, PosspssipUiof the said , which GWilI Bffl

iFofin iNfpj.^inMftoiScbedtleiiA-) tdithis Act aWnexed, ahdi(thfere^ upon to serve with Civil Bill Process such Tenant or other Persons, and in the like Mann'# as herein-before required in Cases of Ejectpaent for Nonpayment; of Rent?Jreauirina. such Pfet8kti^/ib^latti^ear to iiriiVy^* ^he Bill of the said Lkhdlord; graying tq be pht! into possession fbc^o/fV'Aiid^it shatlLbC laW^nl fOr the Chair^aiirnpQn such Civil B.ilLand PiQbf bf , t!he; Service of*1 Stich PVo^iess in manner aforesaid, and that the\Premises fiaa^een

1 holdett, 1of, :tfee sali(f: Landlord 'by^ the Teqahti 6r the Person under whbib tlm Party an pc^e^iori derives, at a Rent not exceeding1 the Rate of One hundred PouiWfs ve^Arinufy and ^tSiat thl/ Interefst 6f such Ijenaiit has ended or determined rby Efflux b^mel^ptibe f6 ^u?t; or otherwise, 516 deCrCe1 the landlord, to be pitt into the Possession! of pei sajld Premises;" ' 1 r 1 1 1 *'1 n-

* r /! -,

U

LXXIII. Every such Civil Bill Ejectment for ovcrhojding shall be subject, to.fhc like Defence' and Appeal 'aa iri^ case of a NUiVlbBfll Ej0^111^11 for Nonpaym'erir.or I^ent, 'rniti it shfldl not be* necessary to; make any* Affidavit Verifying the Contents df aiiy K^vil Bill Ejeotment, whethe)r for Nonpayment of Rent or otherwise. ' ' ' 1 !t '

M / ' .I

___ | The Summons a^id Plaint in Ejectment for the Recovery of any LalncU on

Preipi^ps^Ql^en oyer after the Expiration or Determination of the Term. Or Interest: o4*iaify. ^eq^pi(thppepf shaljl pnd may he sprvetl. upon the like Persons and in the Uko.Mmtuleri

, : M / /. herein-

i n j i

727

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 154.

herein-before required in the C»se of: aft Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent under this Act.

LXXV. In any Case in which the Pterin of Interest of any Tenant under any Lease of any Lands for any Term or dumber of Years certain, pr from Year to Year, or at the Will and Pleasure of the Parties, shall have expired, or shall expire or be determined by Notip6 to quit, given either by the Landlord or the Tenant, and such Tenant, or any one holding or claiming by qr under him, shall refuse , tb deliver up Possession accordingly, after lawful, Demand ip Writing made and signed ty the Landlord or his Agent, and served personalty Upoti Or letyitme Dwelling House or usual Place of Abode of such Tenant or Person, pnd the Landlord shall proceed by Action of Ejectment for the Recovery of the Possession of the Premises, it shall be lawful for him, at Foot of the Summons and Plaint, to address a Notice to such Tenant or Person of an Application to the Court in which the Action shall bb pending, that the Defendant be required to find Bail for such Purposes as are herein-after mentioned; and upon the Appearance of the Party on such Motion, or in default of such Appearance, on making the usual Affidavit of the Service of the Summons and Notice, it shall be lawful for the Landlord producing the Lease or other Instrument regulating the Terms of the Tenancy, Or some Counterpart or Duplicate thereof, and proving the Execution of thb 8a*io, and that the Premises have been actually enjoyed under such Lease or:Instrument -in Writings and that the Interest of the Tenant has expired or been determined by a regular Notice to qdit, and that Possession has been lawfully demanded, to movo the Court, OrA Judge therbbf/that the Tenant or other Persoin shall, within Six Days from! tWDdte of< such Application ,; enter into d Rebogniaatice'by hiihself and Two sufficient Sureties iir a-reasonable Sum, ooooditiondd -tb pny the Costfe rind Damages and Mesnri Profits Which shall be ^recovered by <fho Plaintiff ini the Action; and it shall be lawful for the Courier a Judge to make'^ichO^dbirdHerconf as shrill seJeth to it to be just; and in cose the Tcoaint bi4 other iPertori shall refliso lor/rieglect io< comply with such' Order Within the Period afareppid* them oipoh )aat Affidavit of1tlhe SerriOe> thereof, the Fhiinriff shall be at liberty*-hotwithstamHdg fmy DefaneeMoiv Demurrer nfilediby su^h Defendint, to enter up Judgment in Ejebtmetit for the Reaytferjhofi theiPosaeMidn of the Premises and his Costs of! Suit, i ! k. t-; /; *

LXXVI. In case any Tenant of any T!#andfs, *or any Tersoh who shall come into possession by or under or by Collusion with such Tenant, shall wilfully hold over any Lands or Ptenrises; 61 Fftf-kt Hereof, after ^thelDetermibktion Of the Tenancy, ' whether by Notice to qtiife given; by the Landlord bt bythfc Tdttarity dr otherwise; ahd' rifter A Demand of thq Possession madfe 5n Writing' by ther Landlord7m hW Ag^htv such Tenant brother Person 'shbft pkyitol-the Lawdltnl1'^riueh:Tinier8' he ihaUWhOlti or keep the Possession double tihd Rent> at StMm which fife ^henld Otherwise hav^priid^ to bd recovered at the Aame Times and in the inme Mariner as-'the ribgle^Rent 'br Sbiti'cduM^hrite been recovered during the

TertnK

Hit I. f

/I

Tii r.r» -»

I.

Ip CMC )(o|- qnyi. of Rent pr for oyerholding any P^eipis^ m j any bf tyie, ^qperfqr (Dqurty fp(, La>vr whe^c: the, Summons and Plaint shall include..a, Glairy £p? Rqijit f<ty Jtyofits, the plaintiff, on |?ippf of his Right, may recover

the possession of jibe whflJe or.sppe Part of the ftremi?ca, mpntipned; in the Summons and jfraint^ m fije^tmeaty; anjd jhe. or id.fsne i?^ofit§. claimed thereby, and also the further iftesne png^.^ay-e acqrneu from the £^ay tp, which the Mesne Rates

ptyimed l^avq, been cialcuJpt^d, or .from tb.9 Day ou which the Rent for the Nonpayment of which the fejectment shall be brought fell due, to the Day of such Trial, or some preceding

Day to be specified.,

XXVIII; 1# cgse ty, .shallhfipg^.th.qtiri.Hnlf Years Rent shall be in arrear of any or ^tyepiises npl^n qntyer apy , Lea$e; or other Contract of Tenancy, or from Year to Year, and the Tenant thereof shall desert or otherwise abandon such Lands or Premises, leaving the same unoccupied, or the Lands or the greater Portion of them uncultivated or unen^ployed; and without sufficient Distress, contrary to the Course of Husbandry, or carry off the Stock or Crop thereof, }it. shall be lawful fdr the Landlord thereof to proceed by Civil

Bill Ejeotmebt before1 the Chairihan of the1 County in which the Lands or any Part of

* i*- 438 & 24 Vict. 4 Z them

Security from orerholding Tenant in Ejectment.

Action for double Rent for overbolding.

Mesne Profits may be recovered in Ejectment to the Daj of Trial

Ejectment for deserted Tenements.

aril Bill Ejectment for deserted Tenements.

them shall be situate, to recover the Possession of them, and such Givil Bill may be according to the Form No. 4. in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed; such Landlord having first obtained a Certificate of Desertion in the Manner herein-after provided, and serving a Copy of the same, together with such Civil Bill Process, on the Tenant against whom such Proceedings shall be had, in the Manner herein-before provided in respect of Ejectments, foi Nonpayment of Rent, requiring such Tenant or other Person to appear to answer the Bill of the said Landlord, praying to be put into possession thereof; and it shall be lawiql! for the Chairman on Proof of the due Execution of such Certificate by any Person who may have witnessed the Execution of the same, and that One Half Year's Rent of the said Premises was due to the Landlord when such Certificate was granted, and that such Civil Bill Process and Copy of such Certificate were duly served in manner aforesaid, and upon hearing the Tenant, in case he shall appear, and such Evidence as he may offer, to decree the said Landlord to be put into possession of the said Premises.

Certificate of

LXXIX. In case any Lands or Premises shall be deserted or abandoned by the Tenant

Desertion. thereof, and the Premises left unoccupied, or the Lands or the greater Portion thereof suffered by the Tenant to remain uncultivated or unemployed, contrary to the Course of Husbandry, or the Stock or Crop thereof removed from the said Premises, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Lands or Premises or any Part thereof shall be situate, and being in no way interested in the said Lands or Premises, at the Request of the Landlord thereof, or of his Agent or Receiver, to go upon and view the same between the Hours of Ten o'Clock in the Morning and Four o'Clock in the Afternoon, and having fully ascertained to their ^Satisfaction, by Examination of Witnesses or by their own View, that the Premises are so deserted or abandoned by the Tenant, and left unoccupied or uncultivated or unemployed, contrary to the Course of Husbandry, or that the Crops or Stock have been removed, to certify to the Chairman of the Couftty, under their Hands and Seals, that they have together viewed the said Premises, fully describing the same, and that the same appeared to them to be deserted and unoccupied Or uncultivated or unemployed, contrary to the Course of Husbandry, or that the Stock or Crops have been so removed from the Premises, and such Certificate may be according -to the Form No. 5. in the Schedule (A.) to this Act annexed, and shall be Evidence of the Facts stated therein, unless the same shall be disproved to the Satisfaction of the Chairman or the Judge of Assize on Appeal.

Civil Bill Ejectment against Parties signing Acknowledgment on Execution of Habere.

LXXX. It shall be lawful for the Chairman of any County and he is hereby authorized to hear and determine by way of Civil Bill, within his Jurisdiction, all Disputes relating to the Possession of Lands or Premises holden under any Acknowledgment made upon the Execution of any Writ of Habere or Civil Bill Decree between the Plaintiff in any Action of Ejectment or Civil Bill Ejectment, or any Person claiming under him, and any Occupier who shall have signed such Acknowledgment in the Manner herein-after provided, ror any Person claiming or deriving under him, and to make an Order or Decree for the Delivery of the Possession of the said Lands to the Party entitled thereto; and the Civil Bill Process therein shall be served upon every Person in the actual Possession of the Lands claimed by such Civil Bill, and if there be no Person in actual Possession, then the same shall be served by affixing such Civil Bill on some conspicuous Part of the Premises and also on the usual Place for posting Notices in the nearest Market Town to the Premises.

Cottier Tenancies under this Act.

LXXXI. Where any Landlord shall by any Agreement or Memorandum in Writing let a Tenement, wherever situate, consisting of a Dwelling House or Cottage without Land, or with any Portion of Land not exceeding Half an Acre, Statute Measure, at a Rent not exceeding the Rate of Five Pounds by the Year, for One Month, or from Month to Month, or in like Manner for any lesser Period of Time, and shall thereby undertake to keep and maintain the said Dwelling House or Cottage intenantable Condition and Repair, such Tenancy shall constitute and be deemed to be a Cottier Tenancy within the Meaning of this Act, and shall be subject to the Provisions hereafter contained in respect thereof.

When Cottier

LXXXII. In case any such Tenancy shall be determined by Notice to quit, served by landlord, the said Landlord shall pay to the Tenant a fair Compensation for any Crops y which

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

which may be growing on the Land belonging to such Tenement, or any Benefit accruing from the manuring of such Land, to be recovered by Civil Bill Process before the Chairman of the County or Riding in which the Premises may be situate, which Civil Bill Proceeding shall be subject to the same Right of Appeal as ordinary Civil Bill Actions now are or hereafter shall be.

LXXXIII. The Landlord of such Cottier Tenement shall be bound to keep and maintain the Dwelling House intenantable Condition and Repair; and in case it shall be proved that the said Dwelling House was, by the Landlord's Default, unfit for Occupation by reason of the Want of such Repairs, no Rent or Compensation for the Occupation of the said Tenement during the Time it shall continue in such State and Condition shall be recoverable.

LXXXIV. In case any such Cottier Tenant, or any Tenant for a shorter Period of Time than a Month, or at Will, or by Sufferance, shall maliciously or wilfully injure or destroy, or permit to be injured or destroyed, any Part of the Premises holden by him, and which the Landlord is bound to keep in repair, it shall be lawful for the Landlord to make his Complaint before any One or more Justices of the Peace for the County, not being interested in the said Premises, at Petty Sessions, and such Justice or Justices shall summon the Tenant before him or them, and hear and determine such Complaint; and if it shall be proved to his or their Satisfaction that such Tenant committed or permitted such Injury or Destruction upon the said Premises, the said Justice or Justices shall, by their Warrant in Writing, direct any Person to be therein named as special Bailiff on the Part of the Landlord to deliver Possession of the said Premises to the said Landlord or Owner; and such Warrant shall be obeyed and executed by such special Bailiff, who shall have full Power and Authority so to do,

LXXXV. In case any Gale of Rent or Compensation reserved or payable upon any such Cottier Tenement shall be in arrear for the Space of Forty Days, it shall be lawful for the Landlord of the Premises to exhibit his Complaint in respect thereof before a Justice or Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions, and to cause the said Tenant to be served with a Summons in Writing, signed by a Justice or Justices having Jurisdiction in the Place in which the Premises shall be situate, to appear before Two or more Justices at the Petty Session or bther Place in which such Justices usually meet for the Despatch of public Business, to show cause why Possession of the said Premises should not be delivered up to his Landlord, or his Agent or Receiver, and such Justices, or any Two or more of them, shall, in the Presence of such Tenant, or on Proof of the Service of the said Summons on the said Tenant personally, or by leaving a Copy of the same at his usual Place of Abode, determine the Matter; and if it shall appear to the said Justices that at least One Gale of such Rent, over and above all just Credits* and Allowances, and auy valid Set-off claimed by the Tenant, is in arrear for the Space of Forty Days aforesaid, the said Justices shall cause their Warrant to be prepared, directing Possession of the said Premises to be delivered to the Landlord, and to be executed by any special Bailiff therein named, and such Warrant shall be obeyed and executed by such Bailiff, who shall have full Power and Authority so to do.

LXXXVI. In case the Term or Interest of any Tenant in any such Cottier Tenement shall have ended, or shall have been duly determined by a Notice to quit, and such Tenant or any Person by whom the Premises or any Part of them shall be then actually occupied shall neglect or refuse to deliver up the Possession of the same, or in case any Person shall have been put or shall be put into possession of any Lands or Premises by Permission of the Owner, as Servant, Herdsman, or Caretaker, and shall refuse or omit to quit and deliver up the Possession of the Premises, on Demand made by the Owner thereof, or his known Agent or Receiver, it shall be lawful for the Landlord or Owner of the said Premises, or his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or his known Agent or Receiver, to cause the Person so neglecting or refusing to quit or deliver up the Possession to be served with a Summons in Writing, signed by a Justice or Justices not interested in the said Premises, but having Jurisdiction in the Place in which the Premises shall be situate, to appear before Two or more Justices at the Petty Sessions, Town Hall, or Divisional Justice Room, or other Place in which such Justices usually meet for the Despatch of public Business of such City, Town,

4 Z 2 District,

729

lord. Compensation to be made for Crop.

Cottier Tenements to be repaired by Landlord.

Summary Recovery of Possession of Tenements for Waste.

Summary

Recovery of Possession for Nonpayment of Rent.

Summary Recovery of Possession of Tenements overholden.

Service of the Summons.

1M 23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

District, or other Place, to show Cause why Possession of the said Premises shppld not be delivered up such Landlord or Owner/ 6r his Agent or Receiver as aforesaid; and if tb^ said Tehhnt or Ofccupier shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed, or if such Pen&nt or Occupier shall appear and shall not show to the Satisfaction of sMcdi Josjices rq^poa^le v Cause why Possession should not be given, and shall still neglect or refuse to deliver up, Possession of the; said .Premies, pr PMch Part of them ns was in hi^ actual Occupation lA^the /, ''; i Jime of the Service of such §pmw.oivsi to the said Landlord or Owrter/or hief A^ehfc ctf - Receiver, £t shall be Ljwful for such Justices or any Two ormore of them/riot ititerfcsted

" '! aforesaid, on Proof being made before them of the Holding or permissive Possessions, ' as the

11, i; i Case may be, and of its End or Determination, and the Time and Mannpr thereof* pnd ^y^ere the; Tide/of the Landlord1 shall have accrued since the letting of the Preraispsj tlip Right b#

- iriiich/he cl^ms^e'Possession, to isiud C Warrant, under their Handk and $eal ^, tp# any, ' Person its a special* Bailiff in that Behalf, on the Part of the Landlord or Ownpr* requiring and authorizing him, withirt a Period to be therein named, apd not less than Sevep ornsorp than Fourteen clear Days ftoiti the Date of such Warrant, to give the Possession of the ^aid, Pbemisee; to the said Landlord, or his Agent1 or Receiver, and such Warrant shall , b, pt', % sufficient Authority to the said Balliff to! enter tipon the said Premises, with spcH as be shall deem to foerteoeefcary, and to give Possession accordingly: Provided that no Entry shall be made under such Warrant on any Sunjlay, Good Friday, QX'ditfitmbt XXry,

- dr at any Time except between the Hours of Nine in the Morning a.nd Four in the/AfternoOni *J Provided also; that nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect the Right of any Owner! i of' Property intrusted to the Care of any Servant or Carefokcr peaceably to resume i th*j Possession thereof without Process of Law, if h^ shall so think fit .; , (, - :n., , i> , !,

LXXXVII. Such Summons as last aforesaid may be served either personally or by leaving the same with 6ome, Person, being (in occupation of such House or'Part of *a Hbfise 11 Tenement, | an[l where fbe [Tenant of such House or Part of a Ilou'se or Te^metati shall

V mot reside .therein, Jjy .serving the samp personally or by leaving the same at tlik Plaoc of t* . Abode of the Tenant so holding over as aforesaid Fbur! cleat Days before the' DajHippointed for the Hearing of the) Rafter of the said Summons t Provided that if th^-Person so holding, over cannot bp found, i\nd ^Admission into the Premises. so overhohlen oanhot be obtained/ and the Place of ^Lbodc of«nch Person shall not be known, tHA posting of such Summons on1 sdine conspicuous Part of the Premises so holden over shall bd deemed to be'godd Service* of such Person .; <; J I ) 'A

Stay 6t! any ^epant sunraiqnqd to, give up Possession shall apperir befortetkie1

wnt°2n ^stipes j Spinal gj ve an Undertaking (to. bd: entered in Writing by the > Glerir of the1 Goart

takin^to give" and peaceably (to dplivpr qp, \vitbfoi Fourteen Days from the Date1 thefredfj the Pos,

Fossi^ipirin ' 'session bfthePrcmises of which, he i^ auch Tenant or Occupier, in good Order and1 Repair1 Fourteen Bays, to the Landlord, or his pr Receiver, and: in the totantime to <pay all Rent tod Arrears

claimed^by such l^hdlofd in respect of such/ Tenement, ia such Case^the feald' Justice^ shirll1 npf issue their Warrant for, giving up tie Possession until after the Expiration of sVrdh^ Period of Four^cn Day^; and if the said Tenant, shall at the Expiration Of ^u^h Period1 continue in possession otherwise than by Permission of thi Landlord/ or his A[*tot Receiver, it shall be lawful for such Justices to issue tjhcir Warrant fop giving- Po^sesaiofyof, )(1 . itbe same forthwith, and such Warrant fe shall be executed accordingly, without Tfu^ther Ifo^ccj

toi«Uph Tennnti 1 1 l": 1 " ' \ ' . j'f

the Titm 6f the1'1 df ^the Part so boldeff

o^er, the, said Landlord, ot his Agpnk pr Receiver, or other Person acting on his ^Behiilfi shall 'not be deeined to be a, T'respas^pr by, reason, merely i of any Irregularity «i< Informality1 in "the Mode of proceeding for obtaining Pxissession under the^ Alumority bf ttns Act, bu< thd Party aggrieved may jbnng.an A/ctiop for Sfuch Irregularity or Informality, 1' in which the ' Ddiimges alleged to be sustained .shall be, specially laid, and may, unless stock Pidrty shall1

1 J ' / .1 /V. - x A ' .1 _ 1 xl_ _ f _ " ' L

t

* iftr

li-i

rrwabWt^ltt''1 'LXXXrX^ Where the .Landlord applying for auch Wocrant h«s> at he Proceeding granting of, it some lawful Right to the il^oseefsion of tJie Premises or oif ti

the not to make a Party a Trespasser.

11 J /

case

23o! &' 2r Vi c'l'o'fl 1 M, ':c: l

, < r

U&J

7oi

General

Provisions.

disc thff said Plaintiff shall recover no greater Sum fb^n Five Shillings for, ucJi special Damage, he shall be entitled to no greater Sum for Costs, t bap thQ-AipoMafc of the Daihaigea so recovered, unless the Judge before whom the Pause is tried plwB certify on the liacb of the Record that in hJs Opinion full Costs ought to be allowed-)

XC. :The Chairman, upon, the Hearing of any Civil Bill Ejectment where there is morp Costs may

than, On£ Defendant, may^ upon prorioikncing his Decree, order the Costa of such Proceeds

ingfi jtp be paid by and recovered against any One or more of the Defendants by Napie, and iMeodantin

nqt againnt the other or othens of them. 1, Ejectment in

I. '1, ' ' 1 ' '11 'k 1 Civil Bill

XCI-1 The Cfcairninp shall in all Cases of Civil Bill Ejectment undtr this Adfc, iipoh Court Request of either Party or his Attorney, tax the Costs between Party and Parity, and Taxation of include the same in his Decree or Dismiss, and shall, at the like Request* tax the Gost4 between Attorney and Client; and no Costs shall be recovered in respect of any Pro* ceedTngs in Ejectment in the Court of the Chairman, or; pffepamtmy thereto, unless the ^arne snail have been taxed as aforesaid; and the said Chairman -may examine upon Oathj which Oath he is hereby authorized to administer, - any Attorney seeking to. establish a Charge against his Client as to all flatters necessary to ascertain the Kigiin to such Costs.

XCII. The Sheriff or Under-Sheriff of the County in which apy. Decree qn Dismiss (Sheriff to under this Act shall be pronounced shall (unless in Cases in which, a special Bailiff , shall[execute Civil have' bCen appointed atlhe Instance of the Plaintiff j execute, such Decreq for Delivery of i *n

tlte; Possession of any Lands or Premises within One Fortnight, aftpr, the , «a^et rimlLbiei 6 delivered to him, and shall be entitled to the Fee of One Guinea, and no more, in every Case in which he shall so qxecute the same., r-.WJ/.//A s,

The' ^tariff shall; if required by the Plaintiff so to: do, grrint 'his Warrant ip a'sheriff to ap-specaal* Bailiff dominated! Iby the said PlaintHtftol execute any Decree flj>f the Possession of'p0*0* special Lands for Pwmisea in the like Manner as for the Execution of any other Cfv^I'BillDepreV|I, fre ajad such, Sheriff shall be* entitled to the Fbe of Tt^O Shillings and Sixpence* and up mpre^ j for granting such '.Warrant and it shall be lawful 'for such' speiipl Bailiff to whom such Warrant shall be granted; with his Assistant^ t6 execute the same by deliye^ng; ?(

Possession of the Lands or Premises theroin1 hartied to thef Phlihtff; or to any'l^rson1, appointed by^hidi in [that Behalf. I . .! ' 1, 1 1 ^; 7j

XCIV. The Sheriff or his Officer or Bailiff may with the Consent in Wjriting^of, the Hab Plaintiff , hL AWoitoey, execute ^in^ Writ bf Habere facias pMsesslonem' or Civil DppreeifQit Possessions Ejectment; without removingfroni thC possession bf the, Land^or

Premia any UndeivttnaUt (Or Occupier who shiali at the TimO of such Execution sign with Whiai j h^.NiMne.or Merit *a Attoimment or Acbiwwlfedgrttent, iti or ^iibsiiintiixlly according tto ifie^V6^?M:. i Eorms/NotiS.for Nti., 7x in the SoWduIe (Aj) thfe AOt abriexibdi attested by such ^herifl

Officer, .pr Bailiff, which Attornment or Acknowledgrhcrit Shall bb atinexed, to such Writ or j Decree and a Copy thereof given to the Plaintiff bt hii Aftdrnejf, hnd^Such' Execpti, on(shallf be^.vjalid as if such Persons were not in occupation, or as if suclrWm or Decree, had been, executed in pdmmon Form Of Law; ' ' ,

XCy. lt shall be lawful for any Plaintiff >yhfl. shall have/executed any such Writ" or1 ^Renewal of Decree as aforesaid without disturbing the Possession of any Under-tenant' or Ocahpier who shall have made such Acknowledgment in the Fprm No. 7. aforesaid, and jhpll/nft Exaei<wn h$tfe attorned as Tenant Smmanner aforesaid, and for the ExiecutOrs, Admims^aters^ ...

Ofj Assigns -i. rKl"1- — t-u-.-oiCi-i --K

of the Writ

D/ppr^.shall — r — — v> ---- — - -r — x Y^r,

of, such /Plaintiff or his Representative or Assignee in common: Form of Law, as , tO/^hert whole or'any Part of the bait! Lands, and such ReneVar shall be without Prejudice tp apy/j Right qp Inteifest vested in the said Party by virtue of the First Execution qlt the said; or Decreet. Provided; however, that in case Of an Eject meat for Nonpayment of llenj; no, I such Renewal shall take place in caise the Tenant's Interest in the Lease or other Contr^ j of Tenancy shall have been redeemed in the meantime.

XCVI. In

i h

Vr/I.

732

Fresh Execution of Writ on Justice's Certificate.

Registry of Decree or Order for Ejectment

Where Lands are situate in Two or more Counties, Proceedings may be taken in either.

Where Chairman interested, Proceedings may be taken in an adjoining County.

No Action against Justice for granting Warrant.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

XCVI. In any Case in which any such Writ or Decree shall have been executed as last aforesaid, and any such former Tenant or Occupier shall, within the said Period of Six Months from the Date of such Execution, without lawful Authority, re-enter into or resume the Possession of the said Premises or any Part of them, upon an Application made to any Justice of the Peace of the County at Petty Sessions, and upon Proof made before him to his Satisfaction of the due Service of a Summons or Notice of such intended Application, and of the Facts of such Execution and unlawful Re-entry, upon Affidavit or on Oath (which Affidavit or Oath such Justice is hereby authorized to take or administer), it shall be lawful for such Justice and he is hereby required to certify in Writing under his Hand that in his Opinion in such Case a sufficient Cause had been shown for having the said Writ or Decree executed anew as to the Part or Parts of the Premises of which the Possession shall have been resumed as aforesaid, and upon the Production of such Certificate on the Part of the Plaintiff in such Action or Civil Bill, or his Heir, Executor, Administrator, or Assignee, the Writ or Decree shall be executed anew by the Sheriff or his special Bailiff as to the Part or Parts of which the Possession shall have been resumed as aforesaid.

XCVII. The Clerk of the Peace of the County in which any Civil Bill Decree shall be made under this Act shall, on the Application of any Person interested, and on Payment of a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, enter in a Book to be kept in his Office for that Purpose a Memorandum of any Judgment or Decree in Ejectment or Order for Restitution which shall be made under this Act, and also of any summary Order for Delivery of the Possession of any Lands or Premises made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace under this Act, and of the Return of any Sheriff of the Execution of any Habere, Decree, or Order, which Entry shall specify the Names of the Plaintiff and Defendant, and of the Lands recovered, and the Nature and Date of the Decree or Order, and the Date of the Execution thereof.

XCVIII. In case any Lands or Premises respecting which any Proceeding by way of Civil Bill shall be brought under this Act shall be situate partly in Two or more Counties, such Proceeding by way of Civil Bill may be brought in any or either of them, and the Sheriffs of the respective Counties in which any Part of such Lands or Premises shall be situate shall, so far as relates to the Portion of the Premises within their respective Jurisdictions, execute such Decree as may be made on Delivery to each of them of a Copy of such Decree, signed by the Chairman who shall have made the same: Provided that where any Lands shall be situate partly or wholly within a Place which is a County of a City or County of a Town of itself (except the County of the City of Dublin), the Assistant Barrister of the County at large and the Justices of the Peace of the said County at large shall have the same Jurisdiction and exercise the like Powers respecting such Premises as if the same had been situate in the County at large.

XCIX. In any Case in which the Chairman of the County shall happen to be the Landlord or Tenant, or claim to be entitled to the Possession of any Lands or Premises situate in any One or more than One County, and the same or any Part thereof shall be situate within his own Jurisdiction, and he or any other Person shall be desirous to institute Proceedings in respect of the said Lands or Premises under this Act on behalf of or against such Chairman, such Proceedings may be had in some adjacent County without the Jurisdiction of the said Chairman, or in the County in which the other Part of the Lands are situate; and the Chairman of such adjacent County shall have the like Jurisdiction therein as if the said Lands or the entire of them were situate in the said adjacent County, and an Appeal shall lie therefrom in the like Manner, and any Decree or Dismiss shall be executed by the Sheriff of the County in which the Lands are situate, as if it were Decree of the Chairman of such County.

C. No Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Justice or other Person hereby authorized, by whom any Precept or Warrant shall be issued or Certificate shall be granted, nor against any Constable or Bailiff by whom such Precept or Warrant may be executed under and by virtue of this Act, by reason that the Person on whose Application the same shall be granted had not lawful Right to recover the Rent or the Possession of the Premises therein mentioned, or to prohibit the Act therein prohibited.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

733

CI. The Title to any Lands or Premises shall not be drawn into question in any Title to lands Proceeding by way of Civil Bill under this Act. in quotiall1

CII. No Civil Bill Proceeding under this Act shall be defeated by reason of any technical Technical Objection whatsoever, or of any Mistake, Variance, or Omission which is not manifestly d^tP^c^d-calculated to mislead and injuriously prejudice the opposite Party in the Merits of his fogs.

Case.

CIII. The Schedules to this Act annexed shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of this Schedules to Act, and the Forms therein contained, or any other Forms to the like Effect, may be used ^ep^of in the respective Cases to which they are applicable.

CIV. From and after the Commencement of this Act, the several Acts and Parts of Acts Repeal of Acts set forth in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, so far as the same refer to the Relation of Landlord and Tenant in Ireland, but not otherwise, and to the Extent to which such sche<L*(R) Acts or Parts of Acts are by such Schedule expressed to be repealed, and not further or otherwise, shall be and are hereby repealed, except so far as may be necessary to support or enforce any Lease made or Contract entered into, or as to anything heretofore done, or any Right acquired or Liability incurred, and except so far as any of the said Acts or Parts of Acts repeal any former Act or Part of an Act, and except so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of supporting and continuing any Proceeding heretofore taken or to be taken after the Commencement of this Act upon any Proceeding commenced before the Commencement of this Act, and except as to the Recovery and Application of any Penalty for any Offence which shall have been committed before the Commencement of this Act.

CV. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of January One thousand Commence-eight hundred and sixty-one. ment of Act *

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

No. 1.

Form of Precept to restrain Waste.

County of M. 1 To C.D. and E.F., and all Persons whom it may concern.

to wit I

Whereas Information on Oath has been this Day laid before me, being One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of A/., that you, C.D. and E.F., being the Occupiers of [or acting under the Authority of and in collusion with one M.N., being the Occupier of] a certain Dwelling House [or Farm of Lands] situated at N. in the Barony of O. and County of M. aforesaid, and held by you as [Tenant from Year to Year, or otherwise, as Tenant or Caretaker, as the Case may be?] to A.B., do intend and are about to commit or suffer [or are in the Act of committing or suffering] certain unlawful Waste and Injury to the Premises by [state the Nature of the Waste, Injury, Alteration, or Removal which is apprehended or actually being done,] contrary to the Statute in that Case made and provided:

These are, therefore, to command and firmly enjoin you and each of you, and all other Persons whomsoever, not to proceed to [state again the Waste, Sfc. apprehended or being done], or to continue the same, or otherwise to injure the said Premises, or any Part of them, until special Leave, Licence, and Authority in Writing for that Purpose shall be first procured from and given by me the said Justice, or until the Matter of the said Information shall be first inquired into at the Petty Sessions of the Peace to be holden at on the Day of next, and this my Precept lawfully annulled or altered in that

Behalf [or until the Day of next, naming a particular Day, or further

Order].

And in case you shall disobey this my Precept, you and each of you, and all Persons wilfully aiding, abetting, or assisting you in so doing, will be punished in pursuance of the Statute in that Case made and provided.

And

734

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154.

And all Constables of Police, and others, are hereby required to prevent such Waste or Injury, and to apprehend and bring to Justice all Persons present and aiding or assisting in such unlawful Acts, to be dealt with according to Law.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Day of in the Year 18 .

G.H.,

Justice of the Peace for the County of M\

i

By the Chairman at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division of the said County.

No. 2.

Form of Civil Bill Ejectment for Nonpayment of Rent where One Year's Rent

due.

County of A1.

Division of N.

A.B., Plaintiff,

C.D., G.H., and I.K.,

Defendants.

Whereas the Defendant [or One of the Defendants] holds Part of the Lands of L. in the Parish of H. and Barony of R.f and in the Division of N. aforesaid, as Tenant thereof to the Plaintiff, under a Lease [or Contract of Tenancy] for a Term unexpired, [or as Tenant from Year to Year, as ike Case may be,] at the yearly Rent of £:

And whereas the Sum of £ of the said Rent, being One full Year's Rent, due

and ending on the Day of last, became and still is due to the said

Plaintiff in respect of the Premises:

[And whereas the Defendants G.H. and IK respectively are in actual Possession of the Premises as Under-tenants thereof:]

The Defendants, therefore, and all Persons claiming any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby required to appear before the said Chairman at Bin the Division of N. aforesaid in the said County, on the Day of next, at a Quarter

Sessions to be holden for the said Division of the said Comity, to answer the Plaintiffs Bill for Recovery of the Possession of the Premises by reason of the Matters aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Chairman will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year 18 .

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

E.F., Attorney.

To the Defendants.

[Residence of Attorney.]

No. 3.

Form of Civil Bill Ejectment for overholding,

County of M Division of N.

A.B.y Plaintiff,

C.D. and E.F., Defendants.

}By the Chairman at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said Division of the said County.

Whereas C.D.y One of the Defendants, lately held Part of the Lands of L. in the Parish of II and Barony of R., and in the Division of N. aforesaid in the said County, as Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Lease [or Contract of Tenancy] made thereof for the Term of [or from Year to Year], at the yearly Rent of £ > which Demise

determined on the Day of last: r >

And whereas the said Plaintiff [or L.M., the Agent or Receiver of the ^fcaintiff, ]1 kft^r '

the Determination of the said Tenancy, and on the Day of, 1 \ ..... ! list

past, demanded Possession of the said Premises and a Delivery of the said Pbksession to him'' [as such Agent or Receiver of the Plaintiff], and the said Possession and very have been withheld, and the several Defendants are in the actual Possession of the Premises, apd no other Person is in possession of any Part thereof as Tenant or Under-tenant:

The Defendants, therefore, and all Persons claiming to have any Interest in the said Premises, are hereby required to appear before the said Chairman at B. in the said Division

7

of

24.

23° & 24° VICTORIAE, c. 154.

of N. in the said County, on the Day of next, at a

Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said Division of the said County, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill for Recovery of the Possession of the Premises by reason of the Matters aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Chairman will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of, in the Year 18 .

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

E.F., Attorney.

To the Defendants.

[Residence of Attorney.]

No. 4. ' ' 1 ' "

Form of Civil Bill Ejectment for deserted Tenements.

Si^ionory. 1 Bt the Chairman at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said

A.B., Plaintiff. f Division of the said County.

C.D., Defendant J J

W here as the Defendant holds Part of the Lands of L. in the Parish of H. and Barony of R., and in the Division of N aforesaid, as Tenant to the Plaintiff, under a Lease [or Contract of Tenancy] thereof for a Term still subsisting [or from Year to Year], at the yearly Rent of £: And whereas the Sum of £ of the Rent aforesaid,

ending on the Day of last became and still is due to the Plaintiff,

after all just and fair Allowances:.

And whereas the Defendant on the Day of 18 deserted and' i

abandoned the Premises, leaving them unoccupied [or leaving the Lands, or the greater Portion of them, to remain uncultivated or unemployed, contrary to the Course of Hus-: bandry, ^nd without sufficient Distress to be found therein, or carrying! away the Stock1 or Crop thereof]: . m .....

The Defendant is therefore hereby required to appear before the Chairman at. in the Division aforesaid in the said County, on the Day of next, at a

Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said Division of the said Cdiknty, to answer the Plaintiff's Bill for the Recovery of Possession of the Premises by reason of the Mattens: aforesaid, or in default thereof the said Chairman will proceed as to Justice shall appertain.

Dated this Day of in the Year 18 .

Signed on behalf of the Plaintiff,

E. F., Attorney.

To the Defendant.

[Residence of Attorney.]

4' —

735

No. 5.

Form of Magistrate's Certificate of Desertion.

County of M. 1 We A.B. and C.D., Two of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said to wit j County of M., having been called upon by G.H., and at his Request having together gone to and viewed that Part of the Lands of L. situate and being in the Parish of II. and Barony of R. and County of it/., late in the Possession of ZA"., as Tenant thereof, containing Acres Roods and Perches, or thereabouts, on the

Day of, between the Hours of Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon and Four o'Clock in

the Afternoon of the said Day, do certify, That the Premises aforesaid then appeared to us, to .be deserted and abandoned by the said I.K., the said Lands, or the greater Portion of them, being left uncultivated or unemployed, contrary to the Course of good Husbandry , : and without sufficient Distress to be found therein [or, if the Case be so9t the Stock and Crop thereof having been carried off, or, in case the, Premises consist chiefly of a Pwelling House, say, the Duelling House being left unoccupied].

Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of . in the Year 18 .

, A.B. (Seal)

To the Assistant Barrister for the County of M. C.D. (Seal),

Witness present, !:

X.Y. r

23 & 24 Vict. 5 A No. 6.

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 464.

No. 6.

Form of Attornment by Under-tenants or Occupiers of Lands recovered in Ejectment, upon the Execution of a Writ or Civil Bill Decree for delivering Possession where the Under-tenants attorn as Tenants to the Plaintiff.

Whereas A.B. of hath lately recovered Judgment

in Ejectment [or obtained a Civil Bill Decree] for the Lands and Tenements in the Tenancy or Occupation of the Persons under-named respectively: Now we whose Names are hereunder subscribed, upon the Execution of the Writ of Possession [or Decree, if by Civil Bill] in the said Cause, according to the Statute in that Behalf, with the Assent of the said A.B.

[or the Attorney for the Plaintiff] in the said Cause, testified by the said Attorney for the Plaintiff signing these Presents, do hereby severally and respectively attorn and become Tenants to the said A.B. of the several Farms, Lands, and

Tenements situate at the several Places, and for the Terms and commencing at the Times mentioned and set opposite to our respective Names in the Schedule hereunder written, and do hereby severally agree to pay such respective Rents for the same, and from such several Periods or Times as in the said Schedule expressed; and we have severally given unto the said A.B. or his Agent, the Sum of One Penny, in the Name of Attornment

and in Part of the said Rents.

[* Provided always, that if the said Lands and Tenements shall in due Course of Law be redeemed in pursuance of the Statutes in such Case made and provided, these Presents shall thenceforth be void.]

As witness oar Hands, this Day of 18 .

Tenants Names. Farm or Tenement. Yearly Rent, or as the Case may be. When due. Term of the Holding, as the Case may be. Commencement of the Term.

C.D. £ 8. d. 5 0 0 Mayl and Novem- r One Year. 1 November or 29

E.F. ft ber 1. March 25 and Sep- September [or such Day as may be

G.H. 1 per Acre tember 29. Mayl and November 1. agreed on}-

Attorney for the Plaintiff. Witness, Sheriff

or

Sheriff's Officer.

This Proviso to be added where the Ejectment or Civil Bill Ejectment shall have been for Nonpayment of Rent.

No. 7.

Form of Acknowledgment by Occupiers of Lands recovered in Ejectment upon the Execution of a Writ or Civil Bill Decree for Delivery of Possession, where the Parties do not agree to an Attornment as Tenants.

We, whose Names are hereunder subscribed upon the Execution of the Writ of Possession [or Decree ] in this Cause, with the Assent of the said A.B.

[or the Attorney for the Plaintiff] in the said Cause, testified by the said Attorney signing these Presents, hereby acknowledge that we respectively occupy the Lands by the Licence and at the Will of the said A.B. and that we will severally and

respectively, when required by the said A.B. or his authorized Agent

or Receiver, deliver up to the said A.B. or his authorized Agent or

23° & 24° VICTORIA, c. 154. 737

Receiver, the Possession of the said Lands and Premises in our respective Occupation as set opposite to our respective Names in the Schedule hereunder written.

[* Provided always, that if the said Lands and Premises shall in due Course of Law be redeemed in pursuance of the Statutes in such Case made and provided, these Presents shall thenceforth be void.]

As witness our Hands, this Day of

Occupiers Names. Farm or Lands.

C.D. . Blackacre.

E.F. . Whiteacre.

G.H. . House and Garden in Whiteacre.

Witness,

Attorney for the Plaintiff.

Sheriff

or

Sheriff's Officer.

This Proviso to be added where the Ejectment or Civil Bill Ejectment shell have been for-Nonpayment of Rent.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Acts and Parts of Acts repealed, so far as the same relate to the Relation of Landlord and Tenant in Ireland, and as by the foregoing Act is declared.

Date of Act, Title of Act, Extent of Repeal.

Acts of the Parliament of Ireland.

15 Edw. 4. Cap. 1., An Act prohibiting Distresses to be taken contrary to the Common Law., The entire Act

18 Edw. 4. Cap. 1.

33 Hen. 8. s, 1. Cap. 7.

33 Hen. 8. s. 1. Cap. 13. 10 Car. 1. s. 2. Cap. 4.

Car. l. s. 2. Cap. 5.

10 & 11 Car. 1. Cap. 7.

7 Mtm. 3. Cap. 12. "ll'\Ahne, Cap. 2.

An Act whereby Distresses taken for Rent may be sold.

An Act for all Lords to distraine upon the Lands of them holden, and to make their Avowrie, not naming the Tenant but the Land.

An Act for Attournements.

An Act concerning Grantees of Reversions to take advantage of Breaches of Condition, 1, &c.

An Act for Recovery of Arrears of Rents by Executors of Tenant in Fee Simple.

An Act of Explanation of a Statute made in this Realm in the Eighteenth Year of the; Reign of the late King Edward the Fourth,

. vintituied "An Act whereby Distresses taken," for Rent may be sold."

An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds committed by Tenants.

5 A 2

The entire Act. The entire Act. The entire Act.

The entire Act bo far as it relates to Distress for Rent.

The entire Act.

The entire A#-; The entire Act.

THe entire Act, except Sec. 7; Sec. 8' being already repealed.

23° &24° VICTORIA, <C 154.

Date of Act. Title of Act. Extent of Repeal.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled " An Act for the more effectual preventing " of Frauds committed by Tenants."

An Act for amending an Act, intituled "An " Act to explain and amend an Act intituled " 'An Act for the more effectual preventing " of Frauds committed by Tenants.'"

An Act for the further Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals within this Kingdom.

An Act for the further explaining and amending the several Laws for preventing Frauds committed by Tenants, and for the more easy Renewal of Leases, and for the further Amendment of the Law in certain Cases therein mentioned.

An Act to explain and amend an Act intituled " An Act for preventing Inconveniences that " may happen by Privilege of Parliament."

An Act for the more effectual securing the Payment of Rents, and preventing Frauds by Tenantft.

An Act to prevent the pernicious Practice of burning Land, and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin.

An Act for explaining, amending, nnd making more effectual the Laws relating to Landlord and Tenant.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending several temporary Statutes, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into execution the Laws "heretofore made to prevent the pernicious Practice of burning Land. An Act to amend the several Acts of Parliament made in this Kingdom for the more effectual preventing of Frauds by Tenants.

An Act for the Apportionment and more easy Recovery of Rents in certain Cases.

An Act for the Preservation of Shrubs and Trees.

An Act for more effectually preventing the burning of Land.

Statutes of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, a

An Act to amend several Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines ami Minerals within Ireland. iKl': , llT

An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland for preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land, and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin.

An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress.

4 Geo. 1. Cap. 5.

8 Geo. 1. Cap. 2.

10 Geo. 1. Cap. 5.

5 Geo. 2. Cap. 4.

j nornooTg A brui, 3 i hi

11 Geo. 2. Cap. 5.

zl ml! bna c)2Hl ounb

51 Geo. 2. dap. 8.

17 Geo. 2. Cap. 10.

po

25 Geo. 2, Cap. 13.

1 Geo. 3. Cap. 17.

3 Geo. 3. Cap. 29.

5 Geo. 3. Cap. 10.

15 & 16 Geo. 3.Cap. 27

23 & 24 Geo. 3.Cap. 46. 31 Geo. 3. Cap. 40.

40 Geo. 3. Cap. 24.

46 Geo. 3. Cap,

bn* , oP 3. Cap.

54 Geo,

it»; M >T I

I.

115.

56 Geo. 3. Cap. 88.

The entire Act except Sec. 1.

The entire Act except Secs. 8, 9, 10.

.78 .qn') .1* .rm* (Secs. 4, 5, 6, and 7.

Secs. 1, 2, 3, and 4.

Sec. 3.

Section 9.

The entire Act.

oof)

Secs. 1, 2, and 3.

.71 4*0 A

Secs. 2, 3, 4, and 5.

The entire Act.

The entire Act.

The entire Act.

1.001 .cjaO .loiV P # 8

The entire Act.

The entite AcL01 1

The entire Act.

, .&£ .ni; 3 .loiVar *?> t f

To .qaO JoiV cl A II

Secs. 2 and 3.

The entire Act.

Sec. 14, being the Residue of the Act unrepealed.

Date or Act

Title of Act

1 Geo. 4. Cap. 41.

l'$ VJ / 1 J r.

1 Geo. 4. Cap. 87.

; . v > _ i, s

4 Geo. 4. Cap. 89. 7 Geo. 4. Cap. 29.

.<! :k>i Ivoq!

7 & 8 Geo. 4. Cap. 67.

.* A 'ruhm .il '

9 Geo. 4. Cap. 56.

C lu'li;

2 Wm. 4. Cap. 17.

.7 !>:hs j J: , <*>->

ioA, iiiif '..ill

4 & 5 Wntf. 4* Gap- 2&i

Jo A 'ji'iJUj Jill 8 & 9 Vict. Cap. 106,

.joA Jiirao mlT

9&10V, ktGap^Urr

Jo A jinn- tjii T 14 & 15 Vict. Cap. 25,

14 & 15 Vict. Cap. 57.

A) Jjm: 2 .ao9#

JoA yiiliio oJT

oubceoH rnf f guiocf 1.008 .boia^qoini/ Jo A odt *lo

An Act to extend the Benefit of Two Acts made in the Fifty-sixth and Fifty-eigl>tli Years of the Reign of IJis late Idtyesty King George the Third, for amending the Taw of Ireland respecting the Jftecpvery of Tenements front absconding* oyer^olding, ^nd defaiUting Tenants. r! )f r f ..

An Act for enabUpg L^ndiords m^p speedily to recpver Possession of Tauds and Tenements unlawfully hp}d oyer by Tpnpnts., r

An Act to limit and regulate the expensp of certain Proceedings in the Courts of tfi^tice in Ireland in the Particulars therein mentioned.

An Act to amend the Law' of Ireland respecting the Assignment and sub-letting of Lm$s and Tenements. , w ..... ', , 1?

>* i »: I

tn-.iiiii

j A

* I , 1

1 i A,

, i:1 A IT A

-{i'.ll V Kili

A

iv'h; iinI*> rf; Mii 1<»} ) )A a.

An1; A^ fpri thCn bet^ AdWnJfitr^W of Justice at the holding of Petty Sjp^smb8 by JuaOcesof t /

A«; iAc<Ttfor, , so)f^apflg|, and ijwpqndiflg, , e: Laws in Ireland relatiyp.^Tn^ica^, Jftjfj, -

; , f n 1 A, itt, II

Ap-A'ttitoi repeal, m Acf , fiapsqd iaji j Year of His late Majesty King, George^tlpa

., Ai^nd; th'py. MMwiiqif Jr^Jland; respecting fcb, ^.Assignment " and sub-letting, of, Lf-M* , wd, $epem^n£s," and to substjtnt^ ,; other .iVpvi^fpn ^, iw£qdA thereof. ., , | io*:t 'to .-vdi-w.-i'I -(, n-i, ai ', '

An Act to anwnd w», A, itt, of the Seventh yeir, of; King, .t^orge, the, (Seepn^l, retp^ctfflg , the: Appprtiwmont,

j -otherrI^iotIif«4^ayn»ei)^ 1, ha »/.

An Act to amend, the; L«w , <?fi dteal y^pev^; , , -

.^tiriirioT y»f <b:j* t *1 A* vinitnovviq Ii:k

X*r>') 9'iom him 1 t '(it m f > i Jt(>(f«j A 'lift t.; i')/ fr

) m '» /1 r -iiri/i 'to 7[/<, -, >; [

AtouMh tfl^amend rihe , fe ftA

1 Ejectments and Distresses, and as tq the

, , filcoup«two^L«n4*v, .Jt ', 's'-ifiii -of V, / , a

An Act to improve the Lawj of Lfodjqfd; WO Tenant in relation to Emblements add grow-: rTibg<J#op»eeftzeditf EsecotfionJ; To iA»fiAe«-W eWAoJMtfW'iiisd um*ito the! Ia#s .flatting, [to.^iytf/BfPj.^d iflthffl; OwJf 0,

j to the Assistant Ba^W}WlWn

t<M 1 f9i ifowJrpntl Peh VW- iis bnoms oj i*>A nA -os'iT fiijoi'jrirroq oJ; ^uiin*)v/iq ioI bniil^il O'lO/rr orf.t Joi brm , l»rrr.J ^nirnutf r\o suit .nirrmV'to ijiriyo'i t*')b fr.utoofio gniiD9q?9'i bnsh il lo wsJ 9ffl bnouxs ot ioA nA ^nibnooftdfl mo d fctnomonoT lo yi97ooooH 9ift lot f>mi ^aitiuslob bnc , gnibIorf*i9vo

oubuji moil IncuyT oifj 'lo noiiooto'iT odt ---- — TffrrrfrTtf —

v^ .- TV - - 1

jsxient oriiepcai.

---- mt*£ ? r*rr

Bee. 2.

The entire Act, as regards Ireland.

1> 1 l

Sec. 1.

The entire Act, except as to Leases, Instruments, and Agreements i for-Leases made between ^the TsF Day of | June 1826 and the 1st

, r.

i, U

i 29.

.ol , (jii.), 090

e entrre A/ct, excep Section 1.

.71 .tnt ) a: .om,) {

1 7jji J X .omD

Sec^(2.^3r, B

iSec. 3, save so far as j same relates to Feoff-

i.aiggSv.SteSftfffc

Exchanges.

ancl1!?^' ^?'7,

Sec !I, so }&r as regards Ireland.

Secs. 71, 72, 73, 74, 75,

93, 94, 95, and 96, so

Froceeaings between Landlord and Tenant, and to Persons in oc-

have ^signed Acknowledgments pursuant to the Act.

[Random junk removed.]

[Index removed.]

---

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1866.

