A

COLLECTION

OF THE

PUBLIC GENERAL STATUTES

PASSED IN THE

Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Years

OF THE REIGN OF HER MAJESTY

QUEEN VICTORIA:

Being the SEVENTH SESSION of the EIGHTEENTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty.

1865.

A

TABLE

OF

All the STATUTES passed in the SEVENTH Session of the EIGHTEENTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

I. AN Act to amend certain clerical Errors In the Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864. 1

II. An Act to extend the Powers now vested in Justices of the Peace to grant Licences to deal in Game to the Divisional Magistrates within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis. 2

III. An Act for the Protection of Inventions and Designs exhibited at certain Industrial Exhibitions in the United Kingdom. 2

IV. An Act to apply the Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. 3

V. An Act for the Incorporation of the Territories of British Kaffraria with the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope. 5

VI. An Act for the Protection of Inventions and Designs exhibited at the Dublin International Exhibition for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. 7

VII. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burgh of Perth. 8

VIII. An Act to amend "The Election Petitions Act, 1848," in certain Particulars. 10

IX. An Act to allow Affirmations or Declarations to be made instead of Oaths in all Civil and Criminal Proceedings in Scotland. 11

X. An Act to apply the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. 12

XI. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 13

XII. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore. 54

XIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," and the Act amending the same. 91

XIV. An Act to make better Provision for the Naval Defence of the Colonies. 97

XV. An Act to extend the Term for granting fresh Letters Patent for the High Courts in India, and to make further Provision respecting the Territorial Jurisdiction of the said Courts. 98

XVI. An Act to make further Provision for the Management of the Unredeemed Public Debt in Ireland, and for the Reduction of the Interest payable on certain Sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service. 99

XVII. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Governor General of India in Council at Meetings for making Laws and Regulations, and to amend the Law respecting the Territorial Limits of the several Presidencies and Lieutenant Governorships in India. 101

XVIII. An Act for amending the Law of Evidence and Practice on Criminal Trials. 102

XIX. An Act to extend the Period for borrowing the Sum authorized to be raised under the Metropolitan Main Drainage Extension Act, 1863. 103

XX. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 104

XXI. An Act to amend the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857. 105

XXII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Scottish Herring Fisheries. 105

XXIII. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861." 106

XXIV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Bridlington, Brighouse, Burnley, Henley, Shipley, Wallingford, Llangollen, Ormskirk, Swansea, Tormoham, and Lockwood. 107

XXV. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Derby, Ramsgate, Oswestry, Bury, Heap, Cockermouth, Matlock Bath, and Bromsgrove. 125

XXVI. An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions in Ireland. 157

XXVII. An Act for awarding Costs in certain Cases of Private Bills. 158

XXVIII. An Act to authorize certain Payments out of the Land Revenues of the Crown to provide Compensation for certain Claims in the Isle of Man. 159

XXIX. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. 162

XXX. An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue. 164

XXXI. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Lands for improving the Site of the new Public Offices in Downing Street and the Approaches thereto. 167

XXXII. An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to acquire additional Lands for improving the Site of the India Office and the Approaches thereto. 171

XXXIII. An Act to repeal the Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Sixth Year of Anne, Chapter Eleven, for explaining and amending the several Acts against Tories, Robbers, and Rapparees. 174

XXXIV. An Act to make the Metropolitan Houseless Poor Act perpetual. 174

XXXV. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Police Superannuation Funds in Counties and Boroughs. 175

XXXVI. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of County Voters, and to the Powers and Duties of Revising Barristers in certain Cases. 178

XXXVII. An Act to make better Provision respecting the Transaction of County Business and the Administration of Justice at Quarter Sessions in the County of Sussex; and to confirm certain Proceedings of the Justices of the said County. 183

XXXVIII. An Act to authorize the Alteration of the Time for holding Statutory Meetings of Commissioners of Supply in Scotland. 187

XXXIX. An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales. 188

XL. An Act to extend to the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to give to Trustees, Mortgagees, and others certain Powers now commonly inserted in Settlements, Mortgages, and Wills. 189

XLI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Sheffield ', Bradford, and Gloucester. 190

XLII. An Act for facilitating the Annexation of Tithes to District Churches. 211

XLIII. An Act to provide for the Security of Property of Married Women separated from their Husbands in Ireland. 213

XLIV. An Act for confirming a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to the Pilotage of the River Tyne. 214

XLV. An Act to provide for the Collection by means of Stamps of Fees payable in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Offices belonging thereto. 219

XLVI. An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom. 221

XLVII. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers. 222

XLVIII. An Act to supply Means towards defraying the Expenses of providing Courts of Justice and the various Offices belonging thereto; and for other Purposes. 234

XLIX. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire a Site for the Erection and Concentration of Courts of Justice, and of the various Offices belonging to the same. 240

L. An Act for regulating the keeping of Dogs, and for the Protection of Sheep and other Property from Dogs, in Ireland. 245

LI. An Act to enable the Admiralty to contract for certain Works in connexion with the Extension of Her Majesty's Dockyards. 250

LII. An Act to amend "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Acts (Ireland)," and to afford further Facilities for the Purposes thereof. 251

LIII. An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Act amending the same. 252

LIV. An Act to alter the Days between which Pheasants may not be killed in Ireland. 254

LV. An Act to empower the University of Oxford to make Statutes as to the Vinerian Foundation in that University. 255

LVI. An Act to provide for the better Prevention of Trespass in Scotland. 256

LVII. An Act to amend certain Provisions in "The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858." 256

LVIII. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Carrickfergus, Hastings, Maldon, Northam, and Shanklin. 257

LIX. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under "The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862," relating to the Pilotage of the Port of Sunderland. 282

LX. An Act to render Owners of Dogs in England and Wales liable for Injuries to Cattle and Sheep. 286

LXI. An Act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal. 287

LXII. An Act to provide for the Exemption of Churches and Chapels in Scotland from Poor Rates. 294

LXIII. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Colonial Laws. 294

LXIV. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of certain Marriages contracted in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad. 296

LXV. An Act to explain "The Defence Act, 1860." 296

LXVI. An Act to allow the charging of the Excise Duty on Malt according to the Weight of the Grain used. 297

LXVII. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown. 299

LXVIII. An Act to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England to grant Superannuation Allowances to Persons employed in their Service. 301

LXIX. An Act further to amend and render more effectual the Law for providing fit Houses for the Beneficed Clergy, and for other Purposes. 302

LXX. An Act to alter the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and to make better Provision for the Police Force in the Borough of Belfast. 304

LXXI. An Act to amend the Acts for the Establishment of a National Gallery in Dublin. 307

LXXII. An Act to make better Provision respecting Wills of Seamen and Marines of the Royal Navy and Marines. 310

LXXIII. An Act for regulating the Payment of Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions. 312

LXXIV. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to lay down and use a Tramway or temporary Railway across certain public Roads in the County of Devon. 313

LXXV. An Act for facilitating the more useful Application of Sewage in Great Britain and Ireland. 314

LXXVI. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Girvan9 Mevagissey, and Stornoway. 317

LXXVII. An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-four, commonly called "The Public House Closing Act, 1864." 371

LXXVIII. An Act to enable certain Companies to issue Mortgage Debentures founded on Securities upon or affecting Land, and to make Provision for the Registration of such Mortgage Debentures and Securities. 372

LXXIX. An Act to provide for the better Distribution of the Charge for the Relief of the Poor in Unions. 382

LXXX. An Act to explain and amend "The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," and "The Lunacy Act Amendment Act, 1862," with reference to Counties of Towns which have Courts of Quarter Sessions, but no Recorder. 384

LXXXI. An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called Saint James-the-Greater Chapel, Eastbury, in the Parish of Lamborne in the County of Berks. 385

LXXXII. An Act to amend "The Endowment and Augmentation of Small Benefices (Ireland) Act, 1860." 386

LXXXIII. An Act for further regulating the Use of Locomotives on Turnpike and other Roads for agricultural and other Purposes. 387

LXXXIV. An Act to amend the Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860, and to explain the Fifty-second and Seventy-seventh Sections of the said Act 390

LXXXV. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Procurators in Scotland. 391

LXXXVI. An Act to amend the Law of Partnership. 397

LXXXVII. An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to acquire a Site for the Extension of the General Post Office in St. Martin's-le-Grand in the City of London. 397

LXXXVIII. An Act for the recording of Titles to Land in Ireland. 404

LXXXIX. An Act to provide for the better Government of Greenwich Hospital, and the more beneficial Application of the Revenues thereof. 417

XC. An Act for the Establishment of a Fire Brigade within the Metropolis. 425

XCI. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts. 431

XCII. An Act to shorten the Time for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Ayr District of Burghs. 434

XCIII. An Act to consolidate the Offices of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and Chairman of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and for other Purposes. 434

XCIV. An Act to amend the Carriers Act. 435

XCV. An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duties on Sugar, and the Drawbacks on those Duties. 436

XCVI. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue. 437

XCVII. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively. 444

XCVIII. An Act to allow British Compounded Spirits to be warehoused upon Drawback. 446

XCIX. An Act to confer on the County Courts a limited Jurisdiction in Equity. 449

C. An Act to transfer from the Admiralty to the Board of Trade Powers and Duties relative to certain Harbours. 454

CI. An Act for authorizing Transferable Debentures to be charged upon Land in Ireland. 455

CII. An Act to amend an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland, and an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of Her Majesty to amend the said Act. 459

CIII. An Act to provide for the Discontinuance of a separate Court of Quarter Sessions and a separate Gaol in the Borough of Falmouth. 459

CIV. An Act to amend the Procedure and Practice in Crown Suits in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and for other Purposes. 461

CV. An Act to continue the Poor Law Board for a limited Period. 475

CVI. An Act to authorize Loans in aid of the Construction of Docks in British Possessions. 476

CVII. An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain. 478

CVIII. An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Nottingham, Rusholme, Plymouth, Redcar, Cardiff, Kingston-upon-Hull, Guildford, Ramsgate, Ryde, Workington, and Oxford, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act, 481

CIX. An Act for transferring the Canal to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland. 517

CX. An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Hastings District. 521

CXI. An Act to regulate the Disposal of Money and Effects under the Control of the Admiralty, belonging to deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines of the Royal Navy and Marines, and other Persons. 522

CXII. An Act to repeal Enactments relating to Powers of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and to various Matters under the Control of the Admiralty. 525

CXIII. An Act to authorize the Payment of Retiring Pensions to Colonial Governors. 527

CXIV. An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Eastbourne, Clevedon, Herne Bay, Llandrillo, and Pensam. 529

CXV. An Act to amend The Naval Discipline Act, 1864. 543

CXVI. An Act to explain the Foreign Jurisdiction Act. 544

CXVII. An Act to regulate the Appointment of a Vicar or Incumbent to the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster and in the Diocese of Manchester. 544

CXVIII. An Act to continue and amend the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856. 545

CXIX. An Act for continuing various expiring Acts. 546

CXX. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Preservation and Improvement of Harwich Harbour. 548

CXXI. An Act to amend "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861." 556

CXXII. An Act to amend the Law as to the Subscriptions and Declarations to be made and Oaths to be taken by the Clergy of the Established Church of England and Ireland. 570

CXXIII. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending Thirty-first March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 574

CXXIV. An Act for consolidating certain Enactments relating to the Admiralty. 592

CXXV. An Act for the Regulation of Dockyard Ports. 593

CXXVI. An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Prisons. 597

CXXVII. An Act to amend the Law relating to small Penalties. 625

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC, AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. An Act to enable the Coln Valley and Halstead Railway Company to increase their Capital.

ii. An Act to regulate the Mode of Valuation of the underground Pipes or Works in the City of Glasgow belonging to the City and Suburban Gas Company of Glasgow, for the Purpose of Assessment under "The Glasgow Police Act, 1862."

iii. An Act to enable the Metropolitan Board of Works to open a new Street in Whitechapel, and to remove Middle Row, Holborn, all in the County of Middlesex.

iv. An Act to reduce the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the Mistley, Thorpe, and Walton Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

v. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Brighton, Hove, and Preston Constant Service Waterworks Company.

vi. An Act to enable the Rossendale Union Gas Company to raise additional Capital.

vii. An Act to dissolve the Union subsisting between the Visitors of the Lunatic Asylum for the Counties of Leicester and Rutland and the Corporation of the Borough of Leicester, for the Admission of Lunatic Paupers from the said Borough into the said Asylum, and to empower the said Corporation to provide a separate Asylum; and to authorize the Corporation to establish a Market for the Sale of Hay and other Commodities, in lieu of the existing Market; and to extend the Powers of the said Corporation with respect to Streets in the said Borough; and for other Purposes.

viii. An Act for making an Embankment on the South Shore of the River Shannon near to the City of Limerick; and for other Purposes.

ix. An Act for authorizing the Local Board for the District of the Borough of Oswestry and the Liberties thereof to provide a better Supply of Water to the District, and to complete the Sewerage of the District, and to dispose of the Sewage for Irrigation; and for other Purposes.

x. An Act to repeal an Act for making, repairing, and improving certain Roads leading to and from Helston in the County of Cornwall, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

xi. An Act to enable the Ramsbottom Gas Company to raise additional Capital.

xii. An Act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct an Aqueduct and other Works in connexion with the intended Wayoh Reservoir; and to make further Provisions for the Regulation of the Borough.

xiii. An Act for better supplying with Gas the Inhabitants of Redhill and of certain Places in the Neighbourhood thereof in the County of Surrey.

xiv. An Act to enable the South Metropolitan Gaslight and Coke Company to purchase additional Lands; to remove a Church in the Neighbourhood of their Works; and for other Purposes relating to the Company.

xv. An Act for more effectually lighting Folkestone and its Neighbourhood with Gas.

xvi. An Act to incorporate the Banbury Water Company (Limited), and to make further Provision for the Supply of Water to the Town of Banbury and the Neighbourhood thereof.

xvii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town of Luton in the County of Bedford.

xviii. An Act to enable the Athenry and Ennis Junction Railway Company to raise additional Capital, and for other Purposes.

xix. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Poole to Bournemouth.

xx. An Act to authorize the Construction of new and widening and altering of existing Streets and other Works and Improvements in the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

xxi. An Act to vest in the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and the Lancashire Union Railways Company jointly certain Portions of Railway near Blackburn.

xxii. An Act to authorize the widening of the Blackpool Branch of the Preston and Wyre Railway; and for other Purposes.

xxiii. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway to be called the Luddenden Valley Railway; to authorize working and other Arrangements with the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company; to enable that Company to subscribe Capital; and for other Purposes.

xxiv. An Act for incorporating the Fareham Gas and Coke Company; for the Increase and Regulation of their Capital; and for other Purposes.

xxv. An Act to extend the Limits within which the Bath Gaslight and Coke Company are authorized to supply Gas, and to enable the Company to construct a Railway or Tramway, to erect additional Works, to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

xxvi. An Act for granting further Powers to the Bristol Waterworks Company, and for the Amendment of their existing Act.

xxvii. An Act for the Improvement and Regulation of the proposed new Town of West Worthing in the Parish of Heene in the County of Sussex.

xxviii. An Act to incorporate the Exmouth Gas, Coke, and Water Company (Limited), and to make further Provision for lighting the Town of Exmouth and certain neighbouring Places with Gas.

xxix. An Act to enable the Shrewsbury and North Wales Railway Company to raise further Sums, and to divide their Shares, and to make Deviations and Alterations in their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

xxx. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the East and West India Dock Company.

xxxi. An Act to authorize the Metropolitan and Saint John's Wood Railway Company to extend their Railway to Hampstead; and for other Purposes.

xxxii. An Act to enable "The Crystal Palace District Gas Company" to raise additional Capital.

xxxiii. An Act to enable the Corporation of Bristol to improve the River Avon and the Docks of Bristol.

xxxiv. An Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Saint Alban and the Parishes and Places of Saint Albans, Saint Peter, Saint Michael, Saint Stephen, and Saundridge, all in the County of Hertford.

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Tyldesley with Shakerley Local Board to supply Gras in their District, and in adjoining Places; and for other Purposes.

xxxvi. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Chesterfield Waterworks and Gaslight Company.

xxxvii. An Act to authorize the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to form into separate Capitals the Capitals authorized to be raised by the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Acts, 1862 and 1863; and to extend the Times granted by the said Acts for the Purchase of Lands and Execution of Works.

xxxviii. An Act for the Supply of the City of Winchester and its Neighbourhood with Water and with Gas, and for incorporating into One Company The Winchester Waterworks Company (Limited) and The Winchester Gaslight and Coke Company.

xxxix. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Lostwithiel and Fowey Railway Company in relation to their Capital, and for other Purposes.

xl. An Act to define the Capital of the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company; to enable the Company to create Preference Shares; and for other Purposes.

xli. An Act for enabling the Buckfastleigh, Totnes, and South Devon Railway Company to extend their Railway to Ashburton; and for other Purposes.

xlii An Act to confirm an Agreement between the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company and the Devon and Somerset Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

xliii. An Act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to create Debenture Stock.

xliv. An Act to enable the Kington and Eardisley Railway Company to divide their Shares, and for other Purposes.

xlv. An Act to grant further Powers to the Stafford and Uttoxeter Railway Company.

xlvi. An Act for enabling the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to lay down and maintain Tramways on the Quays and elsewhere at Dublin; for amending the Acts relating to the Corporation; and for other Purposes.

xlvii. An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Townships of Runcorn, Weston, and Halton, in the Parish of Runcorn in the County of Chester.

xlviii. An Act to empower the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to contribute Funds towards and hold Shares in the Undertaking of the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

xlix. An Act for incorporating the Rastrick Gas Company, Limited, and extending their Powers; and for other Purposes.

l. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make new Railways from Saint Leonards to their Ouse Valley and Tunbridge Wells and Eastbourne Lines, and Deviations in those Lines; and for other Purposes.

li. An Act for the Construction of Railways to connect, by means of the Thames Tunnely certain Railways on the Surrey Side of the River Thames with certain Railways on the Middlesex Side of the said River, to be called "The East London Railway;" and for other Purposes.

lii. An Act for incorporating and granting other Powers to "The Birstal Gaslight Company."

liii. An Act to enable the Bodmin Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

liv. An Act to incorporate a Company for better supplying with Gas Littleborough in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and for other Purposes.

lv. An Act for better lighting with Gas the District of Brierley Hill, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the Counties of Stafford and Worcester.

lvi. An Act to authorize the Newport Pagnell Railway Company to extend their Railway to Olney in the County of Bucks.

lvii. An Act to reconstitute the Preston Gas Company; to authorize them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

lviii. An Act to amend an Act for building a new Chapel upon Portsmouth Common in the Parish of Portsea in the County of Southampton; and for other Purposes.

lix. An Act to amend the "Galway Commissioners Waterworks Act, 1863."

lx. An Act to transfer the Statute Labour Roads in the Burgh of Dundee to the Commissioners of Police of the said Burgh, and to provide for the Management and Maintenance of the said Roads.

lxi. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the Darlington and Barnard Castle Branch of the North-eastern Railway near Gainford in the County of Durham to Forcett in the North Riding of the County of York; to authorize Working and other Arrangements with the North-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

lxii. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make a Railway from their Saint Ives and March Railway at Somersham to the Ramsey Railway at Ramsey in the County of Huntingdon.

lxiii. An Act for consolidating and amending the Acts relating to Markets and Slaughterhouses in Glasgow, and for other Purposes.

lxiv. An Act to incorporate the Gosport Gas and Coke Company, and to make further Provision for lighting with Gas the Town of Gosport and certain Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof; and for other Purposes.

lxv. An Act to enable the Local Board of Health for the District of the Borough of Llanelly to construct Waterworks, and supply their District and adjoining Places with Water; and for other Purposes.

lxvi. An Act to enable the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company to make short Junction Railways to connect their existing and authorized Railways in the County of Surrey, and to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

lxvii. An Act to restore the Exemption of Goods loaded or unloaded on the Lands or Docks of Robert Vyner Esquire, Part of and adjoining to the Great Float at Birkenhead, from the Payment of Dock Rates on Goods to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.

lxviii. An Act to enable the Whitehaven Junction Railway Company to enlarge their Station Accommodation at Whitehaven; to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

lxix. An Act to authorize the Commissioners of the Glasgow Corporation Waterworks to construct a Bridge for carrying the Aqueduct from Loch Katrine to Glasgow over the River Endrick; to provide for the better Distribution of Water; and for other Purposes.

lxx. An Act to make better Provision respecting the Repayment of Money borrowed by the Corporation of Sunderland, and for other Purposes.

lxxi. An Act for authorizing the Acquisition by the London and South-western Railway Company and the Devon and Somerset Railway Company of the Undertaking and Property of the Ilfracombe Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

lxxii. An Act to grant various additional Powers to the North London Railway Company.

lxxiii. An Act to enable the Corporation of "The President, Vice-Presidents, Treasurer, and Members of the School for the Indigent Blind" to sell and grant Leases of the Land belonging to them, and to purchase other Land, and for otherwise enabling them the better to carry out the Purposes of the said Corporation.

lxxiv. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to make new Railways between Kilmarnock and Glasgow, and for other Purposes.

lxxv. An Act for better supplying the Township of Horsforth in the West Riding of the County of York with Water; and for other Purposes.

lxxvi. An Act for incorporating and granting other Powers to "The Drighlington and Gildersome Gaslight Company."

lxxvii. An Act to authorize the Liverpool United Gaslight Company to increase their Capital, and to purchase additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

lxxviii. An Act to extend for a further Period the Powers of the Wexford Harbour Embankment Company for the Completion of their Undertaking; and to amend the Acts relating to the said Company; and for other Purposes.

lxxix. An Act to amend the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Company of Proprietors of the Stourbridge Navigation, and to confer further Powers on that Company; and for other Purposes.

lxxx. An Act for more effectually maintaining and repairing several Roads adjoining or near to the Town of Great Torrington in the County of Devon; and for new Powers; and for other Purposes.

lxxxi. An Act for authorizing an Extension of the Corwen and Bala Railway; for abandoning Portions of the Corwen and Bala and Bala and Dolgelly Railways; and for other Purposes.

lxxxii. An Act to enable the Weald of Kent Railway Company to make a Deviation of their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

lxxxiii. An Act to vest the Carmyllie private Railway in the Scottish North-eastern Railway Company; Powers to that Company to take Tolls; raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxxxiv. An Act to enable the Maryport and Carlisle Railway Company to construct "The Derwent Branch Railway;" to enlarge the Bull Gill Station; to purchase additional Lands; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes,

lxxxv. An Act to empower the Port Talbot Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxxxvi. An Act to enable the Whitehaven, Cleator, and Egremont Railway Company to make Branches and other Works, and to extend their Railway to Bigrigg Moor in the County of Cumberland; to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

lxxxvii. An Act for authorizing the Construction of Railways in the County of Northumberland, to be called "The Hexham and Allendale Railway;" and for other Purposes.

lxxxviii. An Act to authorize the Construction of Docks at King's Lynn, and for other Purposes relating to that Undertaking.

lxxxix. An Act for authorizing "The London and South-western Railway Company" to abandon the making of Lines of Railway at Kensington and Hammersmith, and to make other Lines of Railway instead thereof, and to make the "Chiswick Curve;" and for other Purposes.

xc. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to construct new Streets, enlarge Markets, improve the Channel of the River Medlock, and to effect further Improvements in the said City; and for other Purposes.

xci. An Act to incorporate a Company for making a Railway from the South Durham and Lancashire Union Branch of North-eastern Railway at Lartington to Middleton in Teesdale; Working Arrangements with the North-eastern Railway Company; Powers to that Company to subscribe; and for other Purposes.

xcii. An Act for enabling the Agra and Masterman's Bank (Limited) to divide the original Shares of One hundred Pounds in the Capital of the Company into Two Shares of Fifty Pounds each.

xciii. An Act to extend the Time for completing the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xciv. An Act to re-incorporate "The Gomersal Gaslight Company, Limited;" to authorize the raising of additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

xcv. An Act for establishing a Cattle Market at Market Drayton in the County of Salop.

xcvi. An Act for granting further Powers to the Belfast Gaslight Company.

xcvii. An Act to transfer to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company the Powers of constructing and working the Cheddar Valley and Yatton Railway; to extend the Time for purchasing Lands; to authorize the Purchase of additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

xcviii. An Act for a Joint Station at Bristol for the Great Western, Bristol and Exeter, and Midland Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

xcix. An Act for enabling the Local Board of the Borough of Carnarvon to supply their District with Water.

c. An Act to enable the London and Blachwall Railway Company to lease their Undertaking to the Great Eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ci. An Act to authorize the Hammersmith and City Railway Company to alter some of the Works connected with their Railway, and to purchase additional Lands, and to lease or transfer their Undertaking to the Great Western and Metropolitan Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

cii. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make new Lines of Railway in Surrey, and for vesting in them Portions of Railways, and for authorizing Agreements between them and other Railway Companies, and for the raising by them of further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ciii. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Railway from their Main Line of Railway at Pirbright by Aldershot to Farnham; and for other Purposes.

civ. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain a Railway from Bideford to Great Torrington, and for other Purposes.

cv. An Act to authorize the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a Railway from Hornsey to their Hertford, Luton, and Dunstable Line near Hertford.

cvi. An Act for better supplying with Water the Towns of Kidderminster, Stourport, and Bewdley, and certain Parishes and Places adjacent thereto, in the County of Worcester.

cvii. An Act to empower the Ventnor Harbour Company to raise additional Capital.

cviii. An Act for more effectually paving, lighting, and improving the Town of Ross in the County of Hereford, for maintaining and providing Markets within such Town, and for supplying the same with Water; and other Purposes.

cix. An Act for better supplying the Town of Rhyl and Places in the surrounding District with Water; and for other Purposes.

cx. An Act for better supplying the Town of Gainsborough and the Neighbourhood thereof with Water; and for other Purposes.

cxi. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways and other Works in the Counties of Durham and York; to acquire additional Lands; and for other Purposes.

cxii. An Act for supplying with Water the Burgh of Ayr and Places adjacent.

cxiii. An Act to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands for and Completion of the Sligo Extension of the Enniskillen, Bundoran, and Sligo Railway Company; and to enable the Company to raise further Money.

cxiv. An Act to enable the Dublin and Antrim Junction Railway Company to create Preference Shares in lieu of unissued, surrendered, and forfeited Shares; and for other Purposes.

cxv. An Act to authorize the Enlargement and Maintenance of existing Waterworks in the Township of Glossop in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby, and the Construction of new Waterworks, and to authorize the Sale of such Waterworks, and the Purchase thereof; and for other Purposes.

cxvi. An Act to authorize the Construction by the London and Blackwall Railway Company of Railways in the Parishes of Stepney, Poplar, and Limehouse, to be called The London, Blackwall, and Millwall Extension Railway;" to authorize Agreements with other Companies with reference thereto; and for other Purposes.

cxvii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company with reference to certain Works and Lands, and to authorize the Lease or Transfer of the Undertaking of the Hammersmith and City Railway Company, and Arrangements with other Parties; and for other Purposes.

cxviii. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to make certain Railways in connexion with their Railways near the Metropolis, and to purchase Station Lands; and for other Purposes.

cxix. An Act to authorize the Hastings and St Leonards Gas Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

cxx. An Act to repeal and consolidate the Acts relating to the Exeter Gaslight and Coke Company and the Exeter Commercial Gaslight and Coke Company; and to confer further Powers on the Exeter Gaslight and Coke Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxi. An Act for reclaiming from the Sea certain Lands on and near the Eastern and South-eastern Coast of Essex, for making Conduits from the North London Main discharging Sewers to the Coast of Essex; for utilizing the Sewage of North London; and for other Purposes.

cxxii. An Act for making a Railway to connect Brean Down Harbour with existing Railways in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes.

cxxiii. An Act to vary, extend, and consolidate the Powers of the Northern Assurance Company; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

cxxiv. An Act for the further Improvement of the Drainage and Navigation by the River Witham in the County of Lincoln, and for amending the Acts relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

cxxv. An Act to authorize the North British Railway Company to make several Railways in the Parishes of Liberton, Lasswade, and elsewhere, in the County of Edinburgh; and to have Running Powers over the Esh Valley Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxxvi. An Act to authorize the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the City and Borough of Ripon to purchase the Gasworks of the Ripon Gaslight Company, and to supply Gas within the said City and Borough and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the West and North Ridings of the County of York; and to preclude Questions as to the Style of the City and Borough, and the Name of the Corporation; and for other Purposes,

cxxvii. An Act to empower the West Sussex Junction Railway Company to make a Deviation from the authorized Line of their Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxxviii. An Act to repeal, and re-enact with Amendments, the Provisions of the Act relating to the Leamington Priors Gaslight and Coke Company; to extend the Limits of Supply thereby authorized; to authorize an Increase of Capital; and for other Purposes.

cxxix. An Act for the Incorporation and better Regulation of the Affairs of the Assam Company.

cxxx. An Act to extend the Kilrush and Kilkee Railway, and to grant further Time for Completion of the Works.

cxxxi. An Act to repeal the Acts relating to the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company; to authorize the raising of additional Capital, and Arrangements with the South Devon Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxxii. An Act for making a Railway from the Bristol and Exeter Railway at Tiverton to the Devon and Somerset Railway in the Parish of Morebath in the County of Devon, and for granting certain Powers to the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company with reference thereto.

cxxxiii. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Railway Company with the Scottish Central Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxxiv. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Crieff Junction Railway Company with the Scottish Central Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxxxv. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Railway from Barrhead to Paisley, and to improve the Railway between Barrhead and Crofthead, all in the County of Renfrew; and for other Purposes.

cxxxvi. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway for connecting their Main Line near Dalmakeddar with the Dumfries, Lochmaben, and Lockerby Junction Railway near Shielhill in the County of Dumfries; and for other Purposes.

cxxxvii. An Act to repeal, consolidate, and amend the Provisions of the Acts of Parliament relating to the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh; and to enlarge the Powers of the said Company; to amend the Act relating to Daniel Stewart's Hospital; and for other Purposes.

cxxxviii. An Act to extend the Limits for the Supply of Water, and to authorize the building of a Town Hall, by the Local Board of Health for the District of Merthyr Tydfil; and for other Purposes.

cxxxix. An Act for making a Railway from the Caledonian Railway at Crofthead to Kilmarnock, with a Branch to Beith, in the Counties of Renfrew and Ayr; and for other Purposes.

cxl. An Act for the Extension of the Boundaries of the Municipal Borough and District of Halifax, and otherwise improving the said Borough; to amend and extend the several Powers of the Acts relating thereto; and for other Purposes.

cxli. An Act to extend the Limits of Supply of the Neath Water Company, and to authorize them to construct additional Works; and for other Purposes.

cxlii. An Act to enable the Southampton Gaslight and Coke Company to extend their Limits for the Supply of Gas, and to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

cxliii. An Act to enable the Whitehaven and Furness Junction Railway Company to make Branches and other Works, and to extend their Railway from Millom in the County of Cumberland to join the Furness Railway in the Parish of Dalton in the County of Lancaster; to raise further Capital; and for other Purposes.

cxliv. An Act to extend the Term and amend the Provisions of the Act relating to the Cromford and Belper Turnpike Road.

cxlv. An Act for enabling the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Manchester to construct new Works in connexion with their Waterworks; and for other Purposes.

cxlvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Pier in Morecambe Bay.

cxlvii. An Act for extending the Powers of "The Rickmansworth, Amersham, and Chesham Railway Company."

cxlviii. An Act for the Incorporation of the Ham Oyster Fishery Company, and for authorizing them to establish and maintain an Oyster Fishery near the North-east Coast of the Isle of Sheppey in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

cxlix. An Act for authorizing the Okehampton Railway Company to make and maintain Extensions of their Railway to Bude in the County of Cornwall and to Great Torrington in the County of Devon respectively, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cl. An Act to authorize the vesting in the Great Eastern Railway Company of the Bishop Stortford, Dunmow, and Braintree Railway.

cli. An Act to confer further Powers upon "The Metropolitan District Railway Company."

clii. An Act to give Effect to an Agreement between the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh and the North British Railway Company with reference to the Fruit and Vegetable Market; and for the Enlargement of the North British Station at Edinburgh; and for other Purposes.

cliii. An Act to incorporate a Company for making "The Fareham and Netley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cliv. An Act for authorizing the Teign Valley Railway Company to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

civ. An Act for defining and consolidating the Undertaking and Mortgage Debt of "The Bristol Port Railway and Pier Company;" and for other Purposes.

clvi. An Act to authorize the Cork and Limerick Direct Railway Company to issue Preference Shares in lieu of cancelled Shares, and to create Debenture Stock; and for other Purposes.

clvii. An Act for authorizing the Isle of Wight Railway Company to provide and work Steam Vessels, and to provide Accommodation for Traffic thereby, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

clviii. An Act to authorize the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company to raise more Money.

clix. An Act to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to make a Railway to join the Central Wales Railway; and for other Purposes.

clx. An Act to amend the Provisions of the West Bromwich Improvement Act, 1854, and the West Bromwich Improvement Amendment Act, 1855.

clxi. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway to Balerno in the County of Edinburgh; and for other Purposes.

clxii. An Act for the better Management of the Marsh Estate of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Southampton; and for authorizing them to establish and maintain new Markets, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes,

clxiii. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled "An Act for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Barnstaple in the County of Devon, and for making several new Lines of " Road connected therewith," and to grant more effectual Powers in lieu thereof; to convert into Turnpike Road Portions of existing Roads; and for other Purposes.

clxiv. An Act to authorize the opening of certain new Streets in the Borough of Belfast, and to confer certain Powers upon a Company and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Belfast for such Purposes.

clxv. An Act for empowering the Cheltenham Waterworks Company to extend their Works and Limits of Supply, and to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes.

clxvi. An Act for granting certain Powers to the Crays Gaslight and Coke Company, Limited.

clxvii. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the General Terminus and Glasgow Harbour Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

clxviii. An Act to authorize the Consolidation into One Undertaking of the Inverness and Perth Junction and the Inverness and Aberdeen Junction Railways, and the Union into One Company of the Two Companies to which the said Railways respectively belong; to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the same Companies; and for other Purposes.

clxix. An Act for making a Railway from Bonar Bridge Railway Station at Ardgay in the County of Ross to Brora in the County of Sutherland, to be called "The Sutherland Railway;" and for other Purposes.

clxx. An Act to authorize the Carmarthen and Cardigan Railway Company to extend their Railway near Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire.

clxxi. An Act to continue the Winchcomb District of Turnpike Roads Trust in the County of Gloucester; and for other Purposes.

clxxii. An Act to enable the Mold and Denbigh Junction Railway Company to raise further Sums, and to divide their Shares, and to make Deviations and Alterations in their authorized Line of Railway; and for other Purposes.

clxxiii. An Act to authorize the Bishop's Castle Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Minsterley Branch of the Shrewsbury and Welshpool Railway in Shropshire; and for other Purposes.

clxxiv. An Act for transferring the New North Road or Parliamentary Road, Glasgow, to the Board of Police of Glasgow; and for other Purposes.

clxxv. An Act for extending the Time for the Purchase of Lands and the Completion of the Railway authorized by "The Carnarvonshire Railway Act, 1862."

clxxvi. An Act for the Extension of the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway to Farndon; and for other Purposes.

clxxvii. An Act to authorize the Stonehouse and Nailsworth Railway Company to extend their Railway from Dudbridge to the Great Western Railway at Stroud; and for other Purposes relating to the same Company.

clxxviii. An Act for authorizing the making by the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Company of Lines of Railway by way of Substitution for Lines of Railway already authorized to be made by them; and for authorizing Arrangements between them and the Great Eastern Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

clxxix. An Act to enable the Furness Railway Company to construct new Lines of Railway, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

clxxx. An Act for maintaining, improving, and managing the public Roads and Bridges in the County of Dumfries.

clxxxi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Wolverhampton to Walsall, all in the County of Stafford.

clxxxii. An Act to authorize the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a Railway in Lincolnshire from Sleaford to Bourn.

clxxxiii. An Act for separating for certain Purposes the Borough of Belfast from the County of Antrim; and for making better Provision respecting Contribution by the Borough towards the Expenses of the County; and for amending the Provisions of certain of the Acts relating to the Borough; and for other Purposes.

clxxxiv. An Act to authorize the Great Eastern Railway Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to consolidate certain of their Preference Stocks, and to confer Powers upon the said Company with reference to Lowestoft Harbour; and for other Purposes,

clxxxv. An Act for making a Railway from Presteign in the County of Radnor to join the Central Wales Railway in the Parish of Llangunllo, to be called "The Lugg Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

clxxxvi. An Act to enable the Solway Junction Railway Company to make certain Deviations in their authorized Line; and for other Purposes.

clxxxvii, An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of "The Westminster Improvement and Incumbered Estate Act, 1861;" for winding up the Affairs of the Commission; for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and the Completion of the Improvements; Borrowing Power; and for other Purposes.

clxxxviii. An Act for amending and extending the "Burnham Tidal Harbour Act, 1860," and for enlarging the Powers of the Burnham Tidal Harbour Company; and for other Purposes.

clxxxix. An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Belfast and other Places, and for altering and amending the Constitution of the Corporation of the Belfast Water Commissioners; and for other Purposes.

cxc. An Act to enable the Denbigh, Ruthin, and Corwen Railway Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

cxci. An Act to authorize the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway Company to construct a short Line of Railway to connect their Railway with the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

cxcii. An Act for making Railways from the Hammersmith and City Railway through Fulham to the North Shore of the River Thames; and for other Purposes.

cxciii. An Act to empower the Lancashire Union Railways Company to construct an Extension Line to Saint Helens and other Branches in the County of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

cxciv. An Act to authorize the Lynn and Sutton Bridge Railway Company to execute certain Works at Sutton Bridge, and granting other Powers to the same Company.

cxcv. An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Southport and the Neighbourhood thereof; and for other Purposes.

cxcvi. An Act authorizing the Sale or Transfer of Southwark Bridge.

cxcvii. An Act to authorize the Sunningdale and Cambridge Town Railway Company to make new Railways, and to use Part of the Railway of the South-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cxcviii. An Act to authorize the Transfer to the Belfast, Holywood, and Bangor Railway Company of the Holywood Branch of the Belfast and County Dotcn Railway; and for other Purposes relating to such Transfer.

cxcix. An Act to extend the Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands for Part of the Undertaking of the Sevenoaks, Maidstone, and Tunbridge Railway Company.

cc. An Act to authorize the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to form a Station on the College Lands at Glasgow, and to subscribe to and hold Shares in the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cci. An Act to authorize the Monkland Railways Company to make Branch Railways in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

ccii. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Branch Railway for connecting their Railway with the North British Railway near Edinburgh; and for other Purposes.

cciii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway, to be called "The Skipton and Wharfdale Railway."

cciv. An Act for a better Water Supply to Tunbridge Wells and Places near thereto; and for other Purposes.

ccv. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Ogmore Valley Railways Company and the Ely Valley Extension Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from the Port Carlisle Railway to the River Caldew, and thence to the Goods Lines on the Southern Side of the Carlisle Citadel Station; and for other Purposes.

ccvii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Guide Post below Haddon out of the Bakewell Turnpike Road into the Bentley and Ashbourne Turnpike Road, in the County of Derby; and for other Purposes.

ccviii. An Act for amending the Metropolitan Market Act, 1857; and for other Purposes.

ccix. An Act for the Mansfield and Worksop Turnpike Road in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby.

ccx. An Act to give Effect to an Arrangement concerning the Contribution payable under certain Enactments by certain Baronies in Roscommon and Galway and the County of the Town of Galway to the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company.

ccxi. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Swansea and Aberystwith Junction Railway Company.

ccxii. An Act for maintaining the Public Roads and Bridges in the County of Wigtown.

ccxiii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway across the Firth of Forth in connexion with the Edinburgh and Glasgow and North British Railways, and in completion of the improved Railway Route between Edinburgh and Perth across the Firth; also other Railways and Works; and for other Purposes.

ccxiv. An Act for the further improving of the Town of Blackpool and the rest of the Township of Layton with Warbrick in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for other Purposes, and of which the Short Title is "Blackpool Improvement Act, 1865."

ccxv. An Act for continuing the Term of the Turnpike Roads from Brimington and Chesterfield in the County of Derby to the High Moors in the Parish of Brampton in the said County; and for other Purposes.

ccxvi. An Act to authorize the Great Northern Railway Company to construct certain short Lines of Railway at Newark, Spalding, Essendine, and Barkstone; and for other Purposes.

ccxvii. An Act to amalgamate the Monkland Railways Company with the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company.

ccxviii. An Act to authorize the Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal and Tramroad Company to stop up and discontinue the Use of their Canals, and to make a Railway from Burry Port in the Parish of Pembrey to join the Mountain Branch of the Llanelly Railway in the Parish of Llanarthney, Carmarthenshire, with Branches; to change the Name of the Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxix. An Act to authorize the West Cornwall Railway Company to enter into Working Arrangements with other Companies, and to lease or sell their Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxx. An Act to empower the Belfast Central Railway Company to make a Line of Railway and a Tramway, and to empower the Belfast Harbour Commissioners to make a Tramway; and for other Purposes.

ccxxi. An Act to empower the Dublin Trunk Connecting Railway Company to make Junction and Deviation Railways; and for other Purposes.

ccxxii. An Act to authorize the Construction by the Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway Company of a Railway connecting their Railway with the Dublin and Kingstown Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from Dingwall to Kyle of Lochalsh, to be called "The Dingwall and Skye Railway;" and for other Purposes.

ccxxiv. An Act for authorizing the Isle of Wight Railway Company to make additional Railways, and to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ccxxv. An Act to enable the Saint Clement Danes Improvement Company to make certain Improvements in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes.

ccxxvi. An Act to authorize the Stourbridge Railway Company to construct a Branch Railway to Stourbridge, and to raise additional Sums of Money for their original Railway and Extension Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxxvii. An Act for the better Regulation of the Rochester Oyster Fishery; and for other Purposes.

ccxxviii. An Act for incorporating the Lymington River Company, and authorizing them to make Improvements of the lower Part of the Lymington River in connexion with the Lymington Docks, and to reclaim Mud Land opposite to the Docks; and for other Purposes.

ccxxix. An Act for enabling the Busby Railway Company to extend their Railway to the Village of East Kilbride in the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes.

ccxxx. An Act for the Incorporation of the Burnley Market Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxi. An Act to revive and extend the Powers of the River Fergus Navigation and Embankment Company; and for authorizing the Company to embank and reclaim from the Sea other Waste Lands on the Sides of the River Fergus in the County of Clare; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxii. An Act to enable the West Cork Railway Company to raise additional Capital; to maintain certain Portions of their Railway constructed beyond the authorized Limits; to extend the Time limited for Completion of Works; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxiii. An Act to incorporate a Company for making Railways in the County of Worcester, to be called the Halesowen and Bromsgrove Branch Railways; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxiv. An Act to incorporate a Company for making and maintaining a Railway from the Peterston Station of the South Wales Railway to Cadoxton-juxta-Barry, with a Branch to Sully, all in the County of Glamorgan; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxv. An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Newtown in the County of Montgomery.

ccxxxvi. An Act for the Extension of the Hoylake Railway to New Brighton; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxvii. An Act to enable the Sidmouth Railway and Harbour Company to make and maintain a Branch from their authorized Railway in the Parish of Sidmouth; and for other Purposes.

ccxxxviii. An Act for making a Railway, to be called "The Spilsby and Firsby Railway;" and for other Purposes.

ccxxxix. An Act to enable the Swansea Vale and Neath and Brecon Junction Railway Company to construct a Branch to Abercrave; and for other Purposes.

ccxl. An Act for more effectually maintaining and keeping in repair the Roads, Highways, and Bridges in the County of Aberdeen; for making new Roads in the said County; and for other Purposes.

ccxli. An Act to authorize the Bishop's Castle Railway Company to make Communications between their Railway and certain neighbouring Railways; and for other Purposes relating to their Undertaking.

ccxlii. An Act to abolish certain Restrictions as to the Use of the Connexion Railways of Messieurs Samuel Allsopp and Sons at Burton-upon-Trent, and to authorize them to construct additional Railways.

ccxliii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the Town of Burton-upon-Trent; and for other Purposes.

ccxliv. An Act for incorporating a Company, and for making and maintaining the Hawes and Melmerby Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxlv. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to construct new Railways in connexion with their Railways and the Kirkcudbright and Bridge of Weir Railways; and for other Purposes.

ccxlvi. An Act to enable the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company to make and maintain certain Railways in the County of Ayr; and for other Purposes.

ccxlvii. An Act to enable the City of Glasgow Union Railway Company to make Deviations of their authorized Railway; to construct a Railway to the Harbour of Glasgow; and for other Purposes.

ccxlviii. An Act for amalgamating the Undertaking of the Marple New Mills and Hayfield Junction Railway Company with that of the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company; and for authorizing the last-mentioned Company to subscribe to the Undertaking of the Liverpool Central Station Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxlix. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway from the Great Eastern Railway at Mellis to Eye in the County of Suffolk; and for other Purposes.

ccl. An Act for the Improvement and better Government of the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne; and for other Purposes.

ccli. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct a Railway and Works in Leeds in the County of York; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

cclii. An Act to incorporate the Committee for managing the General Station at Perth, and to vest in such Committee the whole of that Station and other Works to be made Part thereof; to alter the Division and Appropriation thereof; to authorize the Enlargement and Improvement of that Station and the Construction of new Works; to enable the Committee to recover the Expense of Enlargement from the Companies interested in such Station, and to confer Powers and impose Liabilities on those Companies; and for other Purposes.

ccliii. An Act to authorize the Joint Committee for managing the General Railway Station at Perth to lease or feu Part of the Ground within the Station Limits for an Hotel, or to erect an Hotel thereon; to enable the Companies interested in the said Station, or the Majority of them, to contribute to the Hotel; and for other Purposes.

ccliv. An Act for regulating the Police, Lighting, Draining, and Improvement of the Burgh of Port-Glasgow; for supplying with Water the said Burgh and Places adjacent; and for other Purposes.

cclv. An Act to empower the South Devon Railway Company to make a Branch Railway at Exeter, and to confer upon them further Powers in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cclvi. An Act for incorporating the South Northumberland Railway Company, and authorizing them to make and maintain the South Northumberland Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclvii. An Act to enable the Torquay Gas Company to increase their Capital and extend their Works; and for other Purposes.

cclviii. An Act for making a Railway from near the Waterloo Station of the London and South-western Railway to Whitehall; and for other Purposes.

cclix. An Act to enable the West Riding and Grimsby Railway Company to raise further Sums of Money; to extend the Time limited in respect of One of their authorized Branches; and for other Purposes.

cclx. An Act to enable the Wrexham and Minera Railway Company to make and maintain new Lines of Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxi. An Act to enable the Wrexham, Mold, and Connah's Quay Railway Company to extend their Railway to Connah's Quay; and for other Purposes.

cclxii. An Act to stop up Part of an existing Road called Gloucester Road, formerly called Hogmore Lane, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, and to vest the Site thereof in the Owners of adjoining Lands, and to make a new Road of greater Width in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

cclxiii. An Act for incorporating the Bude Canal and Launceston Junction Railway Company, and authorizing them to make and maintain the Bude Canal and Launceston Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxiv. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from the Waterford and Limerick Railway at Clonmel to Lismore and Dungarvan; and for other Purposes.

cclxv. An Act to enable the Dublin, Rathmines, Rathgar, Roundtown, Rathfarnham, and Rathcoole Railway Company to extend their Railway to Blesinton and in Dublin; and for other Purposes with relation to the same Railway.

cclxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Oban in the County of Argyle to the Dunblane, Doune, and Callander Railway near Callander in the County of Perth, with a Tramway to the Harbour of Oban; and for other Purposes.

cclxvii. An Act for making a new Railway Station at Leeds in the County of York; and for other Purposes.

cclxviii. An Act to provide for a Contribution by the London and South-western Railway Company to the Undertaking of the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company, and for the User by them of Part of that Undertaking; and for other Purposes.

cclxix. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to make connecting Railways, and to widen Parts of their existing Railways in Surrey, and to acquire additional Lands; to provide for the Abandonment of a Railway authorized by the "Crystal Palace and South London Junction Railway Act, 1862;" and for other Purposes.

cclxx. An Act for making a Railway from Stratford-on-Avon to Worcester; and for other Purposes.

cclxxi. An Act to enable the Mold and Denbigh Junction Railway Company to make certain new Lines of Railway, and to abandon a Portion of their authorized Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxxii. An Act for making a Railway from Scarborough to Whitby.

cclxxiii. An Act for the Dissolution of the Tooting, Merton, and Wimbledon Railway Company, and for vesting their Undertaking, Railway, and Property in the London and Southwestern Railway Company and the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway Company; and for authorizing the making and maintaining of a Junction Line of Railway at Wimbledon between the London and South-western Railway and the Tooting, Merton, and Wimbledon Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxxiv. An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Tyne Improvement Commissioners, and to facilitate the Construction of the Tynemouth Docks; and for other Purposes.

cclxxv. An Act for enabling the West Yorkshire Railway Company to raise further Money; and for other Purposes.

cclxxvi. An Act for making a Railway from the West Midland Railway to the Coleford, Monmouth, Usk, and Pontypool Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxxvii. An Act to authorize the Abandonment of the Wem Branch of the Cambrian Railways Company, and a Transfer of the Company's Agreement to work the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway to Thomas Savin, and a Lease of the Company's Undertaking to the said Thomas Savin.

cclxxviii, An Act to make further Provision for the Prevention of Accidents from Gunpowder in the River Mersey and in the Borough of Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

cclxxix. An Act for making a Railway from the Deeside Railway Extension at Charleston of Aboyne to the Bridge of Gairn, to be called "The Aboyne and Braemar Railway."

cclxxx. An Act for authorizing the Sale by the Assignees in Bankruptcy of the Estate and Effects of the Bagenalstown and Wexford Railway Company of their Line of Railway and all other their Property, together with the Rights, Powers, Authorities, and Privileges of the said Company, and for the Dissolution of the said Company.

cclxxxi. An Act for authorizing the Monmouthshire Railway and Canal Company to execute additional Works; to acquire the Brecon and Abergavenny Canal; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes relating to the same Company.

cclxxxii. An Act for authorizing the Sidmouth and Budleigh Salterton Railway Company to make and maintain a Deviation of their authorized Line in the County of Devon; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxiii. An Act to enable the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway Company to deviate from some of its authorized Lines; to make certain Extensions at Portmadoc Harbour, Aberdovey, and Cerig-y-Penrhyn; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxiv. An Act to empower the Brecon and Llandovery Junction Railway Company to make a Deviation of Part of their authorized Railway; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxv. An Act for the Consolidation of the Capitals and Undertakings of the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company; to enable them to raise more Money, and to construct new Lines to Ivor and Dowlais, and a Diversion of the Cyfarthfa Deviation; to extend the Time for the Completion of Parts of their Railways; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxvi. An Act for granting certain Powers to the Bromley Gas Consumers Company, Limited.

cclxxxvii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Scottish Central Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxviii. An Act to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to make and maintain certain Branch Railways, to supersede certain level Crossings, and to improve certain of their Stations and acquire additional Lands, in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark, Edinburgh, Dumbarton, and Cumberland; and for other Purposes.

cclxxxix. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to make a Railway from their Line near Cleland in the County of Lanark to their Line near Mid-Calder in the County of Edinburgh, with Branches to the Mineral Fields and Works in that District; and for other Purposes.

ccxc. An Act for enabling the Caledonian Railway Company to extend their Douglas Branch to Muirkirk in the Counties of Lanark and Ayr; and for other Purposes.

ccxci. An Act to authorize the vesting of the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway in the Cambrian Railways Company by Amalgamation.

ccxcii. An Act for making and maintaining the Chester and West Cheshire Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxciii. An Act for making a Railway from Coventry to the Southam Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxciv. An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Crieff to Comrie, with a Railway connecting said Railway with the authorized Crieff and Methuen Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccxcv. An Act to incorporate a Company for maintaining an existing Railway from Carreg Hylldrem in the County of Merioneth to Portmadoc in the County of Carnarvon, and making an Extension thereof.

ccxcvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways to connect Deal and Walmer and Dover in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

ccxcvii. An Act to authorize the Amalgamation of the Dumfries, Lochmaben, and Lockerby Junction Railway Company with the Caledonian Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxcviii. An Act for the Amalgamation of divers Railway Companies with the Glasgow and South-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccxcix. An Act for conferring further Powers on the Great Western Railway Company for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies and Persons; and for other Purposes.

ccc. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions relating to the Police of the Town of Greenock; to authorize certain Improvements in the said Town; and for various other Purposes.

ccci. An Act for making Railways from Greenock to the Glasgow and South-western and Bridge of Weir Railways; and for other Purposes.

cccii. An Act to amend the Highbridge Markets and Gas Act; and for other Purposes.

ccciii. An Act for making a Railway from the Westerfield Station near Ipswich of the Great Eastern Railway to Felixstow in the County of Suffolk; and for other Purposes.

ccciv. An Act for authorizing the London and South-western Railway Company to make new Works; and for the Amalgamation with their Undertaking of the Undertakings of divers Railway Companies; and for authorizing Arrangements respecting divers Railways; and for regulating and increasing the Capital and Borrowing Powers of the London and South-western Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cccv. An Act to authorize the Manchester and Milford Railway Company to make certain new Railways in substitution for Part of their authorized Railway and Aberystwith Branch; and to extend the Time for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of Part of their authorized Line; and to give various other Powers to the said Company and to other Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

cccvi. An Act for making a Railway from the Cemmes Road Station on the Cambrian Railway to near the Town of Dinas Mowddwy; and for other Purposes.

cccvii. An Act to enable the Newry and Greenore Railway Company to make certain Deviations in their authorized Line, and to construct certain new Works; and for other Purposes.

cccviii. An Act to provide for a complete Union of the Undertakings of the North British and Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Companies by Amalgamation; and for other Purposes,

cccix. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Pier at Burntisland and other Works by the North British Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cccx. An Act for making Railways from the North London Railway to Alexandra Park, and to the Edgware, Highgate, and London Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxi. An Act for defining and extending the Powers of the Corporation of Oldham in relation to the Improvement of Streets in the Borough, and to Police and other Matters of local Government, and to Gas and Water Supply; and for other Purposes.

cccxii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway between Ross and Monmouth; and for other Purposes.

cccxiii. An Act for dividing the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob in the City and County of Bristol; and for forming the Out-Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob into a distinct and separate Parish; for making further Provision as to the Election and Appointment of Overseers of the Poor for the said Out-Parish, and as to Churchwardens of the said Out-Parish; and for other Purposes.

cccxiv. An Act for the making and maintaining of Stapenhill Bridge over the River Trent near to the Town of Burton-upon-Trent, with Approaches thereto, and for the discontinuing of Stapenhill Ferry across the River; and for other Purposes.

cccxv. An Act for making a Railway from near the Aberystwith and Welsh Coast Railway in the Parish of Towyn in the County of Merioneth to the Township of Maestrefnant in the Direction of Talyllyn, to be called "The Talyllyn Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cccxvi. An Act for authorizing the Vale of Neath Railway Company to raise further Monies; and for giving Effect to Agreements between them and the Aberdare Valley Railway Company and the London and North-western Railway Company respectively; and for other Purposes.

cccxvii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from Watchet to Minehead in the County of Somerset

cccxviii. An Act for making Railways in Wiltshire from the London and South-western Railway to the Berks and Hants Railway at Pewsey and Woodborough; and for other Purposes.

cccxix. An Act to authorize Deviations in the Line of the Gloucester Extension of the Worcester, Dean Forest, and Monmouth Railway Company; and to enable the Company to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

cccxx. An Act for authorizing the Construction of a Railway from Acton to Brentford; and for other Purposes.

cccxxi. An Act to authorize the West Riding and Grimsby Railway Company to construct a Railway from the South Yorkshire Railway to Lincoln; and for other Purposes.

cccxxii. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway from Portmadoc to Beddgelert in the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth; and for other Purposes.

cccxxiii. An Act to enable the Bishop's Castle Railway Company to make Deviations in their authorized Railway, and a new Line in connexion therewith; to alter the Levels of their authorized Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxxiv. An Act for enabling the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to acquire the Hereford, Hay, and Brecon Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxxv. An Act for the better Regulation and Management of the Docks and other Works at and near to Cardiff of the Trustees and others claiming under the Will of the late Marquess of Bute; for authorizing Arrangements with Railway and other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cccxxvi. An Act to confer farther Powers upon the Carnarvon and Llanberis Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cccxxvii. An Act to vest in the Great Northern, the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire, and the Midland Railway Companies, jointly, the Stockport and Woodley Junction, the Stockport, Timperley, and Altrincham Junction, the Cheshire Midland, the West Cheshire, and the Garston and Liverpool Railways; and for other Purposes with respect to the said Undertakings.

cccxxviii. An Act to authorize the Edinburgh and Glasgow Railway Company to make a Railway from Glasgow to Coatbridge, and a Junction with the City of Glasgow Union Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxxix. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway, to be called "The Furness and Lancaster and Carlisle Union Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cccxxx. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Leeds, Bradford, and Halifax Junction Railway Company with the Great Northern Railway Company.

cccxxxi. An Act for the Amalgamation of the West Yorkshire Railway Company with the Great Northern Railway Company.

cccxxxii. An Act for conferring Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company for the Construction of Branch Railways and Works and the Acquisition of Lands; and for other Purposes.

cccxxxiii. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies in England; and for other Purposes.

cccxxxiv. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the London and North-western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies in Wales; and for other Purposes.

cccxxxv. An Act for conferring additional Powers on the Midland Railway Company for the Construction of Works, and otherwise in relation to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies; and for other Purposes.

cccxxxvi. An Act to repeal the Act relating to the Moses Gate and Ringley Branch Turnpike Roads, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof; and to authorize new Works; and for other Purposes.

cccxxxvii. An Act to authorize the Widening and Extension of the Nantlle Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxxxviii. An Act for making a Railway from Christian Malford in the County of Wilts to Beachingstoke in the same County.

cccxxxix. An Act to authorize the North Staffordshire Railway Company to construct certain Railways forming a Loop Line of Railway in the Staffordshire Potteries; and for other Purposes.

cccxl. An Act for authorizing the Peterborough, Wisbeach, and Sutton Railway Company to extend their Railway to Crowland; and for other Purposes.

cccxli. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways in the County of Salop, to be called "The Shrewsbury and Potteries Junction Railway;" and for other Purposes.

cccxlii. An Act for authorizing the Sirhowy Railway Company to construct a Railway in substitution for the authorized Extension of their Railway to the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway, and to deviate their authorized Railway in the Parish of Bedwellty, and to use Parts of the Merthyr, Tredegar, and Abergavenny Railway; and for confirming the Mode in which certain Roads have been crossed or diverted by the Company; and for suspending the Operation of certain Provisions of "The Sirhowy Railway Act, 1860," as to Passenger Trains to be run upon the Railways of the Company and the Monmouthshire Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxliii. An Act for authorizing "The South-eastern Railway Company" to make new Lines of Railway by way of Extensions of their Railway at Greenwich, Woolwich, and Cranbrook respectively; to acquire additional Lands; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

cccxliv. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in Essex, to be called the "South Essex Railway."

cccxlv. An Act to authorize the Strathspey Railway Company to extend their Railway; and for other Purposes.

cccxlvi. An Act to authorize the Ryde Pier Company to construct certain Tramways at Ryde in the Isle of Wight; and for other Purposes.

cccxlvii. An Act to authorize the London, Chatham, and Dover Railway Company to make a short connecting Railway at Beckenham, and to abandon certain authorized Lines; to make Provisions as to the working of their Traffic and that of the South-eastern Railway Company; to confer further Powers with reference to the Kent Coast Railway, and Exemptions from Dues and Privileges at Broadstairs, Ramsgate, and Margate; and for other Purposes.

cccxlviii. An Act for authorizing the Construction of Railways from Bury St. Edmunds in the County of Suffolk to Thetford in the County of Norfolk; and for other Purposes.

cccxlix. An Act to authorize the Llanelly Railway and Dock Company to extend their Railway to the Mumbles.

cccl. An Act for making a Railway from Navan in the County of Meath to Kingscourt in the County of Cavan.

cccli. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways from Waterford to Dungarvan in the County of Waterford, and from Lismore in the County of Waterford to Fermoy in the County of Cork; and for other Purposes.

ccclii. An Act to confer further Powers upon the Carmarthenshire Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

cccliii. An Act for making a Railway from the Great Southern and Western Railway at Thurles to Clonmel.

cccliv. An Act to enable the Chichester and Midhurst Railway Company to extend their Railway to the London and South-western Railway near Haslemere; and for other Purposes.

ccclv. An Act for making and maintaining "The Bedford and Northampton Railway;" and for other Purposes.

ccclvi. An Act for making an Extension of the Blane Valley Railway in the County of Stirling, and a Diversion of Part of the said Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccclvii. An Act for the Extension of the Drayton Junction Railway to Bettisfield; and for other Purposes.

ccclviii. An Act for making a Railway from Girvan in the County of Ayr to East Challoch in the County of Wigtown; and for other Purposes.

ccclix. An Act for enabling the Midland Railway Company to construct Railways from Mansfield to Southwell, and from Mansfield to Worksop, with a Branch to Staveley, and other Branches; and for other Purposes.

ccclx. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the County of Monmouth, to be called the "Newport and Usk Railway;" and for other Purposes.

ccclxi. An Act to enable the Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway Company to make a Branch at Blisworth; to raise additional Capital; and for other Purposes.

ccclxii. An Act to enable the Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway Company to extend their Railway to Chipping Norton and Blockley; and for other Purposes,

ccclxiii. An Act to enable the North-eastern Railway Company to construct Branch Railways in the North Riding of Yorkshire, and abandon Portions of Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccclxiv. An Act for making Railways from the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Line of the Great Western Railway Company at Pontypool to Caerleon, and to the Great Western Railway at or near Newport; and for other Purposes.

ccclxv. An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Regents Canal to improve their Limehouse Basin, and make a new Entrance thereto from the River Thames, and a Wharf on the Thames, and other Works, at Limehouse; for regulating their Capital, and authorizing them to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ccclxvi. An Act for making Railways in Gloucestershire to connect certain Railways on the East with Railways on the West of the River Severn; and for other Purposes.

ccclxvii. An Act for incorporating a Company for making a Railway, to be called "The South Wales and Great Western Direct Railway;" and for other Purposes.

ccclxviii. An Act for the Amalgamation of the Undertakings of the West Hartlepool Harbour and Railway Company and the Cleveland Railway Company with that of the North-eastern Railway Company; and for other Purposes.

ccclxix. An Act to incorporate a Company for making the Limerick and North Kerry Junction Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccclxx. An Act for authorizing the Bodmin and Wadebridge Railway Company to improve the Line of their Railway, and to abandon Portions thereof, and to raise further Monies; and for authorizing Arrangements between them and other Railway Companies; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxi. An Act to enable the Mid-Wales Railway Company to make Extensions to the Westward, and to abandon the Formation of the Llangurig Branch authorized to be made by "The Mid-Wales Railway (Llangurig Branch, &c.) Act, 1863;" and for other Purposes.

ccclxxii. An Act for authorizing the West London Docks and Warehouses Company to extend their Limits of Deviation; to divert or stop up Roads; to alter and vary their Rates and Duties and Rates of Interest; to change their Name; to raise further Monies; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxiii. An Act for making a Railway from the Cornwall Railway near Saltash to the Tamar Kit Hill and Callington Railway at Callington in the County of Cornwall.

ccclxxiv. An Act for authorizing the Launceston, Bodmin, and Wadebridge Junction Railway Company to make an Extension Railway from the Bodmin and Wadebridge Junction Railway at Ruthern Bridge to the Cornwall Railway at Truro, and to raise further Monies; and for changing the Name of the Company; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxv. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the North Kent Railway to the Medway, and of a Pier in that River; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxvi. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway in the County of Glamorgan, to be called "The Afon Valley Railway;" and for other Purposes.

ccclxxvii. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Dock and other Works at or near Newport on the Western Side of the River Usk, to be called "The Alexandra Dock," and of Railways to connect the same with neighbouring Railways; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxviii. An Act for authorizing the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Company to make a Railway to Liverpool; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxix. An Act for making certain Railways from the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway to the East Grinstead, Groombridge, and Tunbridge Wells Railway, and to the Brighton, Uckfield, and Tunbridge Wells Railway; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxx. An Act to authorize the Construction of a Railway from the South Wales Railway to Fishguard Bay, and of a Harbour there; and for other Purposes.

ccclxxxi. An Act to extend the Time limited for the Purchase of Lands and Completion of Works by the Acts relating to the Waterford and Passage Railway Company.

ccclxxxii. An Act to authorize the Construction of Railways in and near Dublin, to be called "The Dublin Metropolitan Junction Railways."

PRIVATE ACTS,

Printed by the queen's printer,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAT BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act to enlarge and amend the Powers and Provisions relating to the Management and Improvement of the Property subject to the Trusts of the Will of the Most Noble Francis late Duke of Bridgewater.

2. An Act for modifying the Trusts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable George James Earl of Winchilsea and Nottingham, declared by his Marriage Settlement, and to take effect during his Lifetime, and of which the Short Title is "Earl of Winchilsea's Estate Act, 1865."

3. An Act for the better carrying into effect of "Baroness Windsor's Estate Act, 1857."

4. An Act for amending, extending, and enlarging the Powers and modifying certain Conditions as to Residence contained in the Will and Codicils of the Right Honourable John Lord Rolle deceased.

5. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Right Honourable Charles Morgan Robinson Lord Tredegar and Promoters of the Alexandra Dock Company for the Conveyance to the Company of Lands forming Part of his Settled Estates, and the making by Trustees of the Settlement of the Estates out of Trust Monies subject to the Settlement of a Contribution towards the Capital of the Company; and for other Purposes; and of which the Short Title is "Lord Tredegar's Estate Act, 1865."

6. An Act for confirming Sales of Parts of an Estate called Garthmeilio, belonging to John Wynne Esquire, who has been found a Lunatic by Inquisition, and for authorizing the Sale of further Parts of the same Estate for the Purpose of paying Costs incurred in the Matter of his Lunacy, and certain of his private Debts.

7. An Act for enabling the Testamentary Trustees of Sir William Francis Eliott of Stobs and Wells, Baronet, deceased, to sell the Trust Estates or Parts thereof for the Purpose of paying off or providing for the Payment of the Debts which affect or which may be made to affect the same, and for other Purposes in relation thereto.

8. An Act to authorize the borrowing of Money on the Security of the Entailed Estate of Downie Park in the County of Forfar, or the Sale of a Portion of the Estate, for the Purpose of paying the Debts and Legacies affecting the same.

9. An Act for authorizing Sales of Fisheries and Rights of Fishing and other Hereditaments by the Provost of the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Queen Elizabeth near Dublin in his Corporate Capacity; and for other Purposes.

PRIVATE ACT,

NOT PRINTED.

10. An Act to enable Abraham Edwards Clerk to exercise his Office of a Priest, and to hold any Benefice or Preferment in the United Church of England and Ireland.

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1865.

Anno Regni VICTORIAS, Britanniarum Reginae,

Vicesimo Octavo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Thirty-first Day of May, Anno Domini 1859, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady VICTORIA, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith: And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Seventh Day of February 1865; being the Seventh Session of the Eighteenth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to amend certain clerical Errors in the Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864.

[3d March 1865.]

[27 & 28 Vict. c. 99.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain clerical Errors in the Civil Bill Courts Procedure Amendment Act (Ireland), 1864, shall be rectified: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Certain Alterations herein named to be introduced in 27 & 28 Vict c. 99.]

1. The following Alterations shall be introduced in the said Act, and read as if originally Part thereof:

---

In the Eighth Section the Word " Seventeenth " shall be substituted for the Word " Sixteenth

In Paragraph 9. Part 2 of Schedule B., the Figures " 12 " shall be substituted for the Figures "11

In Paragraph 1, Part 3 of Schedule B., the Figures " 45 " and " 53 " shall be respectively substituted for the Figures " 44 " and " 52

In Paragraph 2, Part 3 of Schedule B., the Figures "50" shall be substituted for the Figures " 49

In Paragraph 1, Part of Schedule B., the Figures " 12 " shall be substituted for the Figures "11

In Paragraph 2, Part of Schedule B., the Figures " 44 " shall be substituted for the Figures " 43 and in Paragraph 3, Part of Schedule B., the Figures " 45 " and " 53 " shall be respectively substituted for the Figures " 44 " and " 52."

28 VICT.

A

23 & 24 Vict. c. 90.

1 & 2 W.4. c. 32.

2 & 3 Vict.

C. 35.

Powers to Justices to grant Licences to deal in Game extended to Magistrates of Police of Dublin.

This and recited Acts to be as One.

[Short Title.]

Power to Board of Trade to certify that certain Industrial Exhibitions are entitled to the Benefit of this Act.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 2, 3.

CAP. II.

An Act to extend the Powers now vested in Justices of the Peace to grant Licences to deal in Game to the Divisional Magistrates within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis.

[27th March 1865.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety, it is amongst other things enacted that all the Provisions of Two several Acts passed respectively in the First and Second Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty-two, and in the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, relating to the granting of Licences by Justices of the Peace to deal in Game, and to the holding of Special Sessions by said Justices in their respective

Divisions or Districts for the Purpose of granting such Licences, shall, so far as is consistent with the express Provisions of the said first-recited Act, extend to and be in full Force and Effect in and throughout the whole of the United Kingdom: And whereas it is expedient that within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, any Two or more Divisional Magistrates of Police should have the same Powers of granting Licences to deal

in Game as can be exercised by Justices at Special Sessions under the said Acts:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act all the Powers vested in Justices of the Peace under the said recited Acts relating to the granting of Licences to deal in Game, may, within the Police District of Dublin Metropolis, be exercised by any Two or more Divisional Magistrates of Police, and it shall be lawful for the said Divisional Magistrates of Police, or any Two or more of them, to grant said Licences to deal in Game.

2. This Act and the said recited Acts shall be construed together as One Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for the Protection of Inventions and Designs exhibited at certain Industrial Exhibitions in the United Kingdom.

[27th March 1865.]

WHEREAS Exhibitions of Objects of Art and Industry manufactured or contributed wholly or in part by Members of the Industrious Classes of Her Majesty's Subjects have lately been held, and may be from Time to Time hereafter held, in divers Parts of the United Kingdom; and it is expedient to encourage such Exhibitions by granting to Persons desirous of exhibiting at the same new Inventions or new Designs such Protection

as is herein-after mentioned Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as the "Industrial Exhibitions Act, 1865."

2. It shall be lawful for the Lords of the Committee of Her Majesty's Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations, upon the Application of any Persons desirous of holding any such Exhibition as aforesaid in any Part of the United Kingdom, to certify, if they shall think fit, that the Exhibition so proposed to be held is in their Judgment calculated to promote British Art and Industry, and to prove beneficial to the Industrious Classes of Her Majesty's Subjects, either generally or in or near the Place where such Exhibition is proposed to be held; and every such Certificate shall mention the Place at which and the Time during which such Exhibition is proposed to be held; and the Time mentioned in any such Certificate may afterwards, if the Lords of the said Committee shall so think fit, be

3

28° VICTORIAE, c. 3, 4.

enlarged and extended by a further Certificate, but so that the whole Time allowed and certified for the holding of the same Exhibition shall in no Case exceed the total Period of Six Months; and every such Exhibition so certified, if and so long as the same shall be held at the Place and within the Time mentioned in any such Certificate, shall be deemed to be an Industrial Exhibition entitled to the Benefit of this Act.

3. The Exhibition of any new Invention at any Industrial Exhibition entitled to the Benefit of this Act shall not, nor shall the Publication during the Period of the holding of such Exhibition of any Description of such Invention, nor shall the User of such Invention for the Purposes of such Exhibition, and within the Place where the same may be held, or elsewhere by any Person using the same during the Period of such Exhibition, without the Privity and Consent of the true and first Inventor thereof, prejudice the Right of any Person to register provisionally such Invention, or invalidate any Letters Patent which may be granted for such Invention.

4. The Exhibition at any Industrial Exhibition entitled to the Benefit of this Act of any new Design capable of being registered provisionally under the "Designs Act, 1850," or of any Article to which such Design is applied, shall not, nor shall the Publication during the Period of the holding of such Exhibition of any Description of such Design, prejudice the Right of any Person to register, provisionally or otherwise, such Design, or invalidate any Provisional or other Registration which may be granted for such Design.

CAP. IV.

An Act to apply the Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

[27th March 1865.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, the Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and

Exhibition of new Inventions not to prejudice Patent Rights.

Exhibition of Designs not to prejudice Eight to Registration.

There shall be applied for the Service of the Tear ending the 31st Day of March 1865 the Sum of 175, 650/. out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may cause 175, 650/. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by

4

48 G. 3. c. 1., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 176, 650/. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

28° VICTORIAE, c. i.

Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and seventy-five thousand si^ hundred and fifty Pounds, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to /cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster. in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, 'and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

5

28° VICTORIAE, c. 5.

i 7

CAP. V.

An Act for the Incorporation of the Territories of British Kaffraria with the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope.

[27th March 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Territories of British Kaffraria (hereafter in e " this Act called British Kaffraria) and the Colony of the Cape of Good Hope (here-

after in this Act called the Cape of Good Hope) be united for all Purposes of Government f and Legislation :1 Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited as The British Kaffraria Act, 1865.

2. In this Act the Term " Governor " applied to the Cape of Good Hope and to British " Governor.* Kaffraria respectively includes any Officer for the Time being lawfully administering the Government thereof.

3. If before such Proclamation as next herein-after mentioned is made the Parliament of Incorporation the Cape of Good Hope makes Provision for the Incorporation of British Kaffraria with the

Cape of Good Hope (which they are hereby empowered to do), and the Governor of the CapeofGood Cape of Good Hope as Governor of British Kaffraria assents to such Provision by an Hope by Local Instrument under his Hand and under the Seal of British Kaffraria, then from and after Legiil*tureg* the Date of such Assent British Kaffraria shall become incorporated with the Cape of Good Hope on the Terms of such Provision, for all Purposes whatever, as if British Kaffraria had always formed Part of the Cape of Good Hope.

4. The Governor of the Cape of Good Hope, if he thinks fit, may at any Time before he Operation of has given such Assent declare, by Proclamation in the Government Gazette of the Colony, 11118 Act* that the subsequent Provisions of this Act shall take effect, and those Provisions shall accordingly take effect from the Date of such Proclamation; but if such Proclamation is not

made, then this Act shall operate as if the subsequent Provisions of this Act, or any of them, had not been inserted in this Act

5. Four Members shall be added to the Number of the Members of the House of

Assembly of the Cape of Good Hope (to which Members so added the Term " additional Assembly of

Members of the House of Assembly " when hereafter used in this Act refers). Cape of Good Hope.

6. British Kaffraria shall be divided into Two Parts, which shall be Electoral Divisions Electoral within the Meaning and for the Purposes of the Ordinance constituting a Parliament for the Divisions in Cape of Good Hope (hereafter in this Act called the Constitution Ordinance), in like Manner and with the like Effect in all respects (subject to the other Provisions of this Act)

as if those Electoral Divisions had been expressly constituted and named as such in that Ordinance.

7. Two of the additional Members of the House of Assembly shall be elected for each Distribution of Electoral Division of British Kaffraria, and the additional Members shall hold their Seats in Members and the House of Assembly for the same Period and subject to the same Conditions ns if they of had been elected under the Provisions of the Constitution Ordinance.

8. In relation to the First Election of additional Members of the House of Assembly the Governor of British Kaffraria shall have all such Powers and Authorities as the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope has in relation to the Election of Members of the House of Assembly under the Constitution Ordinance.

9. With respect to the Election of Members of the Legislative Council of the Cape of Good Hope, the Two Electoral Divisions of British Kaffraria shall be comprised in and form Part of the Eastern Districts, within the Meaning and for the Purposes of the Constitution Ordinance, in like Manner and with the like Effect in all respects (subject to the other Provisions of this Act) as if those Electoral Divisions had been expressly constituted Part of the Eastern Districts in that Ordinance.

Governor of British Kaffraria to have Powers of Governor of Cape as to Elections.

For Elections to Legislative Council, British Kaffraria to be in Eastern Districts.

6 28° VICTORIAE, c. 5.

Governor of

10. For the Purposes of the voting in British Kaffraria for Members of the Legislative Kaffraria to Council, and of the electing of the additional Members of the House of Assembly, the

makrordi- Governor of British Kaffraria shall make such Ordinances and issue such Proclamations as

nances, &c. for seem to him necessary or proper for defining and naming the Two Electoral Divisions of ford^vfsions British Kaffraria, and for regulating the Registration of Voters therein, and for appointing 0 s n Returning Officers, and fixing the Times and Places of voting and Election, and generally for regulating the Conduct of such voting and electing; but no such Ordinance or Proclamation shall alter the Qualification of the Electors or Elected as declared by the Constitution Ordinance; and, subject to such Ordinances and Proclamations, the voting in British Kaffraria for Members of the Legislative Council, and the electing of the additional Members of the House of Assembly, shall be conducted in like Manner as if they were voted for and elected under the Provisions of the Constitution Ordinance.

Nothing to present Parliament of the Cape from altering Ordinances, &c. Proclamation of Incorporation.

Continuance of Powers of Governor of British Kaffraria till Incorporation.

Continuance of Laws of British Kaffraria after Incorporation.

As to Transfer of Jurisdiction and Authority of Supreme Court of Cape of Good Hope, &c. in Civil and Criminal Matters.

Continuance of Electoral Provisions after Incorporation.

11. Nothing in this Act shall prevent the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope from altering in any respect the Constitution Ordinance, or from making such Provision as to them from Time to Time seems fit respecting any Matter regulated by any of the foregoing Provisions of this Act.

12. On the First Election of the additional Members of the House of Assembly being completed, the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope shall, by Proclamation in the Government Gazette of the Colony, declare their Names and the Fact of their Election, and from and after the Date of such Proclamation British Kaffraria shall become incorporated with the Cape of Good Hope on the Terms of this Act, for all Purposes whatever, as if British Kaffraria had always formed Part of the Cape of Good Hope.

13. Until the Incorporation of British Kaffraria with the Cape of Good Hope in consequence of such Proclamation (hereafter in this Act called the Incorporation) takes effect, all Powers and Authorities vested in or exercised by the Governor of British Kaffraria shall remain as if this Act had not been passed, and on the Incorporation those Powers and Authorities shall absolutely cease.

14. Until the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope othetwise provides, all Laws and Customs which at the Time of the Incorporation are in force in British Kaffraria shall continue in force there after the Incorporation.

15. Until the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope otherwise provides, the Jurisdiction and Authority of the Supreme Court of the Cape of Good Hope and of the Court of the Eastern Districts thereof shall from and after the Incorporation extend to British Kaffraria, as if British Kaffraria had always formed Part of the Cape of Good Hope, and were comprised in the Eastern Districts thereof; and nothing in this Act shall discontinue or otherwise interfere with any Suit or Proceeding, Civil or Criminal, pending at the Time of the Incorporation in the Supreme Court of British Kaffraria, save only that on the Incorporation all such Suits and Proceedings shall, by virtue of this Act, stand transferred to the Court of the Eastern Districts of the Cape of Good Hope, and the same may be carried on, tried, heard, and determined in and by that Court, and an Appeal shall lie therein from that Court, in like Manner as nearly as may be in all respects as if they had been instituted or taken in that Court after the Incorporation; nor shall anything in this Act discontinue or otherwise interfere with any Appeal from the Supreme Court of British Kaffraria pending at the Time of the Incorporation, and the same may be prosecuted, heard, and determined, and any Judgment, Decree, or Order therein may be made, executed, and enforced, in like Manner as nearly as may be in all respects as if this Act had not been passed, save only that in relation to any such Appeal, Judgment, Decree, or Order, the Court of the Eastern Districts of the Cape of Good Hope shall be substituted for the Supreme Court of British Kaffraria.

16. Until the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope otherwise provides, all Ordinances and Proclamations made and issued by the Governor of British Kaffraria in pursuance of this Act relative to the voting in British Kaffraria for Members of the Legislative Council, or to the electing of the additional Members of the House of Assembly, shall continue in force after the Incorporation.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 5, 6.

17. Until the Parliament of the Cape of Good Hope otherwise provides, there shall, from and after the Incorporation, be payable every Year to Her Majesty, out of the Revenue accruing within British Kaffraria after the Incorporation, the Sum of Eighteen thousand two hundred and twenty-five Pounds, for defraying the Expenses of the several Services described in the Schedule to this Act; and that Sum shall be issued by the Treasurer of the Cape of Good Hope in discharge of such Warrant or Warrants as may be from Time to Time directed to him under the Hand and Seal of the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope.

18. Subject to the last foregoing Provision, all Revenue accruing within British Kaffraria after the Incorporation shall be taken to be Part of the Revenue of the Cape of Good Hope; and all Money at that Time due on account of British Kaffraria shall thenceforth be deemed to be due on account of the Cape of Good Hope.

SCHEDULE.

Salary of the Governor as High Commissioner -

Other Civil Services, including Compensations for Loss of Office consequent on the Incorporation awarded with the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State -

1,000

17, 225

£18, 225

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Protection of Inventions and Designs exhibited at the Dublin International Exhibition for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

[27th March 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that such Protection as is herein-after mentioned should be afforded to Persons desirous of exhibiting new Inventions or new Designs at the

International Exhibition to be held at Dublin in the present Year:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Protection of Inventions and Designs Amendment Act, 1865."

2. The Exhibition of any new Invention at the Dublin International Exhibition shall not, nor shall the Publication during the Period of the holding of such Exhibition of any Description of such Invention, nor shall the User of such Invention for the Purposes of the said Exhibition, prejudice the Right of any Person to register provisionally such Invention, or invalidate any Letters Patent that may be granted for such Invention.

3. The Exhibition at the Dublin International Exhibition of any new Design capable of being registered provisionally under the Designs Act, 1850, or of any Article to which such Design is applied, shall not, nor shall the Publication during the Period of the holding of such Exhibition of any Description of such Design, prejudice the Right of any Person to register, provisionally or otherwise, such Design, or invalidate any provisional or other Registration that may be granted for such Design.

7

Sum to be paid out of Revenue for defraying Expenses as in Schedule.

As to Revenue and Debt of British Kaffraria.

[Short Title.]

Exhibition of new Inventions not to prejudice Rights to register the same.

Exhibition of new Designs not to prejudice Rights to register the same.

8

28° VICTORIAE, c. 7

25 & 26 Vict. c. 101.

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

CAP. VII.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," relating to the Burgh of Perth.

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of The General

Police and Improvement (Scotlandf) Act, 1862/'duly made the Provisional Order which is contained in the Schedule hereto annexed, and it is provided by the said Act that no such Order shall be of any Validity unless the same has been confirmed by Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Provisional Order contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Supplemental Act, 1865."

SCHEDULE referred to in this Act.

PERTH.

General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862. — (25 & 26 Vict. Cap. 101.)

Whereas by the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, it is inter alia enacted, Section 79, that whenever it appears desirable to the Magistrates and Council of any Royal or Parliamentary Burgh, where there is a Board of Commissioners of Police separate from such Magistrates and Council, to unite the Municipal and Police Government and Jurisdiction of any such Royal or Parliamentary Burgh in the Magistrates and Council thereof, to transfer to them all the Powers and Jurisdictions of Police, Paving, Lighting, Watching and others, granted to the Commissioners of Police by any Local Acts, and to extend such Jurisdictions over the whole Limits of such Burgh," the Magistrates and Council "may present a Petition to One of Her Majesty's 44 Principal Secretaries of State, praying for such Provision, Repeal, and Alteration as aforesaid, or for any of such Things, and such Petition shall be supported by such Evidence as the said Secretary requires

And whereas there is in said Burgh of Perth a Board of Commissioners of Police separate from the Magistrates and Town Council of the said Burgh, which Board of Commissioners is appointed under and in virtue of a Local Act now in force (2 Victoria, Cap. xliii.), intituled An Act for more effectually paving the Streets of the City of Perth, for the better Lighting, Watching, and Cleansing the said City and Suburbs thereof, for main taining and regulating the Police of the same, and for other Purposes relating thereto," (14th June 1839):

And whereas a Petition under the Provisions of the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act has been addressed to me, as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the Royal Burgh of Perth, under their Corporate Seal, praying that, after the Inquiry directed by the Statute, a Provisional Order may be issued uniting the Municipal and Police Government and Jurisdiction of the said Royal Burgh of Perth in the Magistrates and Council thereof, and transferring to them all the Powers and Jurisdictions of Police, Paving, Watching, Lighting and others, granted to the said Commissioners of Police by the foresaid Local Act, and to extend such

28° VICTORIAE, c. 7. 9

Jurisdiction over the whole Limits of the said Burgh, according to the Limits specified in the Third Section of the said Local Act as those over which the said Local Act extends:

And whereas certain Parts of the said Local Police Act ought to be repealed, and it is desirable that such Parts thereof should be specified and set forth, and that Provision should otherwise be made to regulate the future Application and Execution of the said Act:

And whereas due Inquiry has been directed and held in respect of the Matters mentioned in the said Petition:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Powers vested in me by the said General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862, I, as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my Hand, direct that from and after any Act of Parliament confirming the same —

L — The Municipal and Police Government and Jurisdiction of the said Royal Burgh of Perth shall be united in the Magistrates and Council thereof.

2. — The Parts of the said Local Police Act, 2 Victoria c. xliii. mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be repealed, and as regards the other Parts of the said Local Police Act not hereby repealed, the whole Powers and Jurisdictions of Police, Paving,

Lighting, Watching and others, granted to the Commissioners of Police by the said Local Police Act, shall be transferred to the Magistrates and Council of the said Burgh.

3. — The said Powers and Jurisdictions of the said Magistrates and Council shall be extended over the whole Limits of the said* Burgh, according to the Limits or Boundaries specified in the Third Section of the said Local Act, as those over which the said Local Act extends.

4. — The Clerk, Inspector of Works, Collector, Surveyor, Superintendent, and all other Officers who have been appointed under and been employed in the Execution of the said Local Police Act, shall respectively continue to exercise their Offices until the First Ordinary Meeting of Council to be held after the passing of the Act confirming the present Provisional Order, or to be held on any other special Day to which such Ordinary Meeting may be adjourned.

5. — On any Application by Petition by the Magistrates and Council of the said Burgh to the Sheriff of the County, under the Provisions of the " General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862," praying for the Extension of the Boundaries of the said Burgh, it shall be lawful for them to make Application in the same Petition, or separately, praying the said Sheriff to regulate the Wards of the said Burgh in manner after mentioned; and on such Application being made it shall be lawful to the Sheriff of the County, in the event of his extending the Boundaries of the said Burgh, to annex the Districts within such extended Boundaries to One or more of the existing Wards into which the said Burgh is at present divided, and to fix and rearrange the Limits of the said Wards, and the Number of Councillors to be elected for each Ward, and to take all Proceedings for these Purposes he may think necessary or expedient.

6. — On such Formation of Wards being made and completed, a Notice, signed by the said Sheriff ', specifying the Limits of such re-arranged Wards, and the Number of Councillors to be elected for each Ward, shall be published once in the Edinburgh Gazette, and once in each of Two successive Weeks in One or more of the Newspapers then published in the said Burgh; and thereafter the qualified Electors of the said re-arranged Wards whose Names shall be on the List or Roll of Electors of the said Burgh in force for the Time being shall be entitled to vote in the Election of Councillors for the Burgh for as many qualified Persons to be Councillors in and for the said Wards respectively as are specified in such Notice, in the Manner provided by the Act 3 & 4 William the Fourth cap. 76.

7. — All Orders or Deliverances pronounced by the said Sheriff in the Premises shall be final and not subject to Appeal, Review, or Reduction in any Court or by any Process whatever.

Given under my Hand and Seal, this Nineteenth Day of December 1864.

(l.s.) (Signed) G. Grey.

28 Vicx. B

».0

28° VICTORIAE, c. 7, 8.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The Parts of the Local Police Act (2 Vict. cap. xliii.) referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; viz.

So much of the herein-before mentioned Act of the Second Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty (cap. xliii.) as is included in the Sections thereof numbered respectively and 5; 8 to 17, both inclusive; 20 to 26, both inclusive: 28 and 2 9; 33 and 34: and 45 and 46 and 47.

n & 12 Vict c. 98.

Committee to adjourn to Day after the Meeting of the House when House not sitting, and Committee has Occasion to report.

In case the House shall not sit Committee further to adjourn.

In certain Cases the House may direct a Committee to adjourn for a reasonable Period.

If Committee dissolved by any Error, &c., a new Committee shall be struck, unless the House shall otherwise order.

House may order a dissolved Com-

CAP. VIII.

An Act to amend "The Election Petitions Act, 1848," in certain Particulars.

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend " The Election Petitions Act, 1848," (herein-c after called the Principal Act,) in certain Particulars hereafter mentioned:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. If any Select Committee appointed under the Principal Act have Occasion to apply to or report to the House, and the House be adjourned for more than Twenty-four Hours, such Committee shall adjourn to the Day immediately following that on which the House shall be appointed to meet for the Despatch of Business, unless that Day shall happen to be a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, and in that Case the Committee shall adjourn to the next following Day.

2. In case the House from any Cause shall happen not to sit for the Despatch of Business on the Day appointed for that Purpose, the Committee shall again, and so from Time to Time, adjourn till after the House shall sit for the Despatch of Business; but no Adjournment shall be made for any longer Period than to the Day next after the Day the House shall actually sit for the Despatch of Business, unless such Day shall happen to be a Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday, and in that Case the Adjournment shall be to the next following Day.

3. In case it shall become necessary to adjourn the Consideration of any Application or Report made by any Committee to the House, the House may, if it shall so think fit, direct the Committee to adjourn their Sitting again, and from Time to Time, and for such reasonable Time as shall be sufficient to enable the House to decide on such Application and Report, and such Committee shall adjourn accordingly.

4. If at any Time after the Appointment of a Committee under the Principal Act it shall appear to the House that, from any Error, Irregularity of Proceeding, Oversight, or other Cause, such Committee has become dissolved, or unable to continue its Sittings for any Cause not provided for by the Principal Act, another Committee shall be appointed to decide on the Petition referred to such Committee, unless the House shall otherwise order, within Three sitting Days, as herein-after provided; and for the Purpose of appointing such other Committee the General Committee and the Members of the Chairmen's Panel shall meet as soon as conveniently can be after the Expiration of Three sitting Days from the Time the Occasion for such new Committee shall be reported to or brought under the Notice of the House by any Member, at a Day and Hour to be appointed by the General Committee; and Notice of such Meeting shall be published with the Votes, and all the Proceedings of such former Committee shall be of no Effect.

5. In all Cases where a Committee shall have become dissolved by any Error, Irregularity of Proceeding, Oversight, or other Cause, not involving the Death or permanent Illness of

any

28° VICTORIAE, c. 8, 9. 11

any of its Members, the House may, if it shall 60 think fit, within Three sitting Days after m^°^dto such Event shall have been reported to or brought under the Notice of the House by any Msemb\e 0 Member, order such Committee to stand revived, and to meet, and continue its Sittings; and act and in such Case no new Committee shall be appointed, unless for any subsequent Cause; and the Proceedings of such new Committee shall have the same Force and Effect and be as valid as if no such Dissolution thereof had taken place.

6. A Committee ordered to stand revived shall meet at the Time mentioned in such As to Siftings Order, and shall in its subsequent Sittings and Adjournments be regulated by all the of revived Provisions of the Principal Act and of this Act.

CAP. IX.

An Act to allow Affirmations or Declarations to be made instead of Oaths in all Civil and Criminal Proceedings in Scotland.

[7th April 1865.]

[18 & 19 Vict. c. 28.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen whether the Provisions of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth of Victoria, Chapter Twenty-five, intituled An Act to allow Affirmations

or Declarations to be made instead of Oaths in certain Cases in Scotland, be applicable to all Courts of Civil Judicature, and to all Civil Proceedings: And whereas the Relief afforded by that Act to Persons refusing or being unwilling from conscientious Motives to

be sworn in Courts of Civil Judicature has since been extended to all Courts of Criminal Jurisdiction, and to all Criminal Proceedings, by the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh of Victoria, Chapter Eighty-five; and it is desirable to remove such Doubts, and to make the Law as to Affirmations uniform for all Courts and for all Proceedings, whether Civil

or Criminal Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

26 & 27 Vict. c. 85.

1. The said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

Recited Acts repealed.

2. If any Person called as a Witness in any Court of Civil or Criminal Jurisdiction in Power to Scotland, or required or desiring to make an Affidavit or Deposition in the Course of any ?^nst^b^e Proceeding, or in any Matter, whether Civil or Criminal, shall refuse or be unwilling from itrorngfrom alleged conscientious Motives to be sworn, it shall be lawful for the Court or Judge, or alleged oon-other presiding Officer or Person qualified to take Affidavits or Depositions, upon being satisfied of the Sincerity of such Objection, to permit such Person, instead of being sworn, make^Affirma-to make his or her solemn Affirmation or Declaration in the Words following: tion, &c.

I A.B. do solemnly, sincerely, and truly affirm and declare, That the taking of any Oath (A is, according to my Religious Belief, unlawful; and I do also solemnly, sincerely, and (truly affirm and declare, fyc. c. '

Which solemn Affirmation and Declaration shall be of the same Force and Effect as if such Person had taken an Oath in the usual Form.

3. If any Person making such solemn Affirmation or Declaration shall wilfully, falsely, Persons felsely and corruptly affirm or declare any Matter or Thing which, if the same had been sworn in affirming, Stc. the usual Form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every such Person so pe^hies of offending shall incur the same Penalties as by the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom are Perjury, or may be enacted or provided against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

4, This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Affirmations (Scotland) Act, 1865." short Title.

12

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1865 the Sam of 15,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fond.

The Treasury may cause 15,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 8. c. 1., 4 & 5 W.4. c. 15., and 5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 15,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the Bank as Security for such Advances.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 10.

CAP. X.

An Act to apply the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

[7th April 1865.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sum herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, the Sum of Fifteen Millions out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ or the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifteen Millions; and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six.

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Act shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Fifteen Millions, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under the Authority of this Act.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 10, 11. 13

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and M<mie* raised apply, from Time to Time, all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to ^pK^\^the be made out in pursuance of this Act, to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Services voted Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of t>y the Corn-Parliament "

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to Exchequer be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of Upontiiegrow-the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at any Period ing Produce of not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

CAP. XI.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by Her Majesty and this present Parliament that a Body of Forces should be continued for the Safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of Her Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such NumberofMen

Forces should consist of One hundred and forty-two thousand four hundred and seventy-

(seven Men, including Nine thousand one hundred and nine, all Ranks, to be employed eludingthose

with the Depots in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland of Regiments employed at

serving in Her Majesty's Indian Possessions, but exclusive of the Numbers actually

serving within Her Majesty's Indian Possessions: And whereas no Man can be forejudged hlTndi^tat *

of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within exclusive of

this Realm by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by Judgment of his Peers, gk^nacj^lly i and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it India!*m

being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forced in their Duty, that f an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition,

or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of Crimes and Offences to the Prejudice of good Order and Military Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for Her Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of Her Majesty's Army, which Articles shall be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the Queen's Printer, shall, as soon as may be after the same shall have been made and established by Her Majesty, be transmitted by Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to

Articles of War made by Her Majesty to be judicially taken notice of, and Copies printed by the Queen's

Printer to be transmitted to Judges, See.

Persons subject to this Act.

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, Guernsey, &c.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11

the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or within the British Isles, shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishments as aforesaid, or shall be subject with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall in any Manner prejudice or affect any Articles of War or other Matters made, enacted, or in force, or which may hereafter be made, enacted, or in force, under the Authority of the Government of India, respecting Officers or Soldiers or Followers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, being Natives of India; and on the Trial of all Offences committed by any such' Native Officer or Soldier or Follower, Reference shall be had to the Articles of War framed by the Government of India for such Native Officers, Soldiers, or Followers, and to the established Usages of the Service.

2. All the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, and to all Warrant Officers, and to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service receiving Pay, and all Pensioners receiving Allowances in respect of such Service, and to Persons who are or shall be hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery, Royal Engineers, and to Master Gunners, and to Conductors of Stores, and to the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, and to all Officers and Persons who are or shall be serving on the Commissariat Staff or in the Commissariat Staff Corps, and to Officers serving in the Military Store Department, and to Persons in the War Department, who are or shall be serving with any Part of Her Majesty's Army at home or abroad, under the Command of any Commissioned Officer, and (subject to and in accordance with the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five,) to any Out-pensioners of the Royal Hospital, Chelsea, who may be called out on Duty in aid of the Civil Power, or for Muster or Inspection, or who having volunteered their Services for that Purpose shall be kept on Duty in any Fort, Town, or Garrison, and to all Military Store Officers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Secretary of State for War at any of Her Majesty's Establishments in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, or at Foreign Stations; and all the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as Officers, or who shall be listed or in Pay as Non-commissioned Officers or Soldiers, or who are or shall be serving or hired to be employed in the Artillery or any of the Trains of Artillery, or as Master Gunners or Gunners, or as Conductors of Stores, or who are or shall be serving in the Department of Engineers, or in the Corps of Sappers and Miners, or Pioneers, or as Military Surveyors or Draftsmen, or in the Ordnance or Public Works or Commissariat Departments, and to all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers employed under the Ordnance, and to all Veterinary Surgeons, Medical Storekeepers, Apothecaries, Hospital Stewards, and others serving in the Medical Department of the said Forces, and to all Licensed Suttlers, and all Followers in or of any of the said Forces; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been or shall be given by any Military Store Officer, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, but that all such Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man9 and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and as to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also as to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11. 15

for good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who Bhali cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, or who shall aid in the Escape of a Prisoner from a Military Prison, or who shall introduce forbidden Articles into such Prison, or shall carry out any such Articles, or who shall assault any Officer of such Prison, and also as to the Provisions for exempting Soldiers from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. All Officers and Soldiers of any Troops mustered and in Pay, which shall be raised Colonial and and serving in any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in Places in possession of or Fogi^Troops occupied by Her Majesty's Subjects under the Command of any Officer having any Com- jesty'sPay to mission immediately from Her Majesty, shall be subject to the Provisions of this Act and be subject to of Her Majesty's Articles of War, in like Manner as Her Majesty's other Forces arc; S^j^1180^ and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into Great Britain 18 c or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act in regard to billeting Soldiers shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only where by any Act for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps the Provisions contained in any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion are or shall be specifically made applicable to such Forces or Corps.

Provision as to the Militia and Yeomanry Corps.

6. For the Purpose of bringing Offenders against this Act and against the Articles of Power to War to Justice, Her Majesty may from Time to Time, in like Manner as has been here- (^martial tofore used, grant Commissions under the Royal Sign Manual for the holding of Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and may grant Commissions or Warrants under the sa}d Royal Sign Manual to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of Troops belonging to Her Majesty's Army, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the British Isles, as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond Seas, for convening Courts-martial, and for authorizing any Officer under their respective Commands to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may lequire, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under the Command of any such last-mentioned Officer, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon him such Command: Provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas where a Field Officer is not in Command, in which Case a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial: Every Officer so authorized to convene Courts-martial may confirm the Sentence of any Court-martial convened by him according to the Terms of his Warrant.

7. Any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or Place where

elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court- may

martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or in any other Place whereto he may have

come or where he may be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

8. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles Powers of shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to ^|^lmartjai sentence any Officer or Soldier to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture

of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; but no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thirds at least of the Officers present shall concur therein; and no Court-martial within the United Kingdom or elsewhere held under the Provisions of this Act shall have Power to award a Sentence of Transportation.

9, Every

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

Powers of Regimental or Detachment Courts-martial.

Courts-martial on Line of March or in. Troop Ships, &c.

Powers of Detachment General Courts-martial.

As to swearing and summoning of Witnesses.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

9. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Soldier to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10. A Regimental or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, unless it is found to be impracticable to assemble that Number, in which Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment, or to Imprisonment, and to Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or other Offences committed on the Line of March, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship, not in Commission, the Offender may be tried by a Regimental or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Troops serving in any Place beyond Seas where it may be found impracticable to assemble a General Court-martial, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or resident in any Country in which such Troops are so serving, by any Person serving with or belonging to Her Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to convene a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to Sentence upon Offenders as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding the Army of which such Detachment or Portion forms Part shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. AH General and other Courts-martial shall administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate General, or his Deputy, or the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested, or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by any Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or attending upon or returning from such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence, or not produce the Documents under their Power or Control required to be produced by them, cr to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin, or in the Court of Session or Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness, after having been duly summoned or subpoenaed, lind neglected to attend upon a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided

al ways.

17

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof: It shall be lawful for the President of any Court-martial to administer an Oath to a Shorthand Writer to take down, according to the best of his Power, the Evidence to be given before the Court.

14. No Officer or Soldier who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

15. If any Person subject to this Act shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in any Forces belonging to Her Majesty's Army, or Her Majesty's Royal Marines, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy without Her Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall desert Her Majesty's Service; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved; or shall sleep on his Post; or shall strike or shall use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other his superior Military Officer, being in the Execution of his Office; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned* whether such Offence be committed within this Realm or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier attested for or in Pay in any Regiment or Corps who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Regiment or Corps, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

16. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial, or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Commanding Officer having Authority to confirm the Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

17. Any Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Army, or any Person employed in the War Department, or in any way concerned in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arras, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to Her Majesty's Army or for Her Majesty's Use, who shall embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same, knowing them to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years, or to suffer such Punishment

28 Vict. C of

No Second Trial for the same Offence, bat Revision may be allowed.

Crimes punishable with Death.

Judgment of Death may be commuted for Penal Servitude or other Punishments.

Embezzlement, &c. of Stores punishable by Penal Servitude, or by Fine, Imprisonment, &c.

As to Execution of Sen. tences of Penal Servitude in the United Kingdom.

As to Execution of Sentences of Penal Servi-

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks if a Warrant or Non-commissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained, and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies, or in India, where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

18. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death passed by any such Court, the Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of Her Majesty's Army in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary of State for the War Department, to any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Penal Servitude of other Offenders; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queens Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an Order that any such Offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England; and such Order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such Offender had been convicted in England, and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Act in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape or returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench $ and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

19. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in India, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the

Term

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

Term specified in such Sentence or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in India, or the Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in India, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who, on Receipt of such Notification, shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced, or where he may come or be as aforesaid, in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall according to such Directions undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned, and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned, with Hard Labour, during the Term of his Penal Servitude, by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony, or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively: And elsewhere out of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Officer commanding shall have Power to make an Order in Writing for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and such Offender shall be liable by virtue of such Order to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour and otherwise dealt with under the Sentence of the Court in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in the Plaoe where he may be ordered to be kept in such intermediate Custody, or in the Place to which he may be removed for the Purpose of undergoing his Sentence of Penal Servitude.

20. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for such Term not exceeding Four Years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty, or to the Officers commanding as aforesaid.

2L Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted, as may be deemed expedient.

22. Any Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty, but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Regimental Court-martial shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination herein-before mentioned, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the General or other Officer commanding the District or Station in which the Court may be held; and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

23. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, in addition to any Sentence of Corporal Punishment, to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard

C 2 Labour,

19

tide in the Colonies, India, or elsewhere ont of Her Majesty's Dominions.

A Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment,

&c.

Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude.

Power to inflict

Corporal

Punishment

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment

and Imprison* ment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment for Imprisonment, &c.

Power to commute a Sentence of Cashiering.

Marking Deserters, or Soldiers discharged with Ignominy.

Power of Imprisonment by different Kinds of Courts-martial.

As to Imprisonment of Offenders already under Sentence.

Regulations as to Military Prisons.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

24. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the General or other Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

25. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of Cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient

26. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in

addition to any other Punishment, may order the Offender to be marked Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen, and not liable to be obliterated; a Court-martial recommending that an Offender be discharged with Ignominy may also recommend that he be marked on the Right Breast with the Letters B.C., and such Recommendation may legally be carried into effect by the General or other Officer empowered to confirm the Proceedings of the Court-martial.

27. A General, Garrison, or District Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, but such Solitary Confinement shall not exceed the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War; and any Regimental or Detachment Court-martial may *sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and with or without Solitary Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed by the Articles of War.

28. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already under Sentence either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award a Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial, to commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of, the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which any of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

29. It shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department to set apart fmy Buildings now erected or which may hereafter be erected, or any Part or Parts thereof, as Military Prisons, and to declare that any Building or any Two or more Buildings shall be, and thenceforth such Building or Buildings shall be deemed and taken to be, a Military Prison; and every Military Prison which, under the Provisions of any former Act of Parliament, has been or which shall be so as aforesaid set apart and declared, shall be deemed to be a public Prison within the Meaning of this Act; and all and every the Powers and Authorities with respect to County Gaols or Houses of Correction which now are or which may hereafter be vested in any of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State shall, with respect to all such Military Prisons, belong to and may be exercised by the Secretary of State for the War Department; anil it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to make, alter, and repeal Rules and Regulations for the Government and Superintendence of any such Military Prison, and of the Governor, Provost Marshal,

Officers,

28° VICTORIAE. c. II. 21

Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Offenders confined therein; and it shall be lawful for the said Secretary of State from Time to Time to appoint an Inspector General and Inspectors of Military Prisons, and a Governor, or Provost Marshal, and all other necessary Officers and Servants for any such Military Prison, and, as Occasion may arise, to remove the Governor or Provost Marshal, Officer or Servant of any such Military Prison; and the General or other Officer commanding any District or Foreign Station within which may be any such Military Prison, or such General or other Officer, and such other Person or Persons as the said Secretary of State may from Time to Time appoint, shall be a Visitor or Visitors of such Prison; and the said Secretary of State may authorize any General Officer commanding on a Foreign Station to appoint periodically Visitors to any Military Prison within his Command; and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to the Visitor or Visitors of every Military Prison established by his Authority a Copy of the Rules and Regulations which are to be observed and enforced, and the same shall accordingly be observed and enforced, within such Prison; and every Inspector, Visitor, and Governor of any such Military Prison shall, subject to such Rules and Regulations as may from Time to Time be made by the said Secretary of State, have and exercise in respect of such Prison, and of the Governor, Officers, and Servants thereof, and of the Prisoners confined therein, all the Powers and Authorities, as well in respect of administering Oaths as otherwise, which any Inspector, Visiting Justice, or Governor of a County Gaol or House of Correction may respectively exercise as such.

30. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison or of As to the any Gabl or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall receive

into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court- fenderounder martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the General Sentence of commanding in chief, or the Adjutant General, or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which the Offender cases, belongs or is attached, which Order shall specify the Offence of which he shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to Undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Troops are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line 6f March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol,

House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Soldier for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing on that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Troops.

31. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court- As to the Ee-martial in any public Prison other than the Military Prisons set apart by the Authority of oval

this Act, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of the United Kingdom, priJSew in it shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief, or the Adjutant General, or the certain Cases. Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the District or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than such Military Prison as aforesaid, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the General commanding in chief or the Adjutant General of Her Majesty's Forces in the Ca^e of any such Prisoner, and for the Commander-in-Chief in India in the Case of apy Prisoner so confined iu any Part of Her Majesty's Indian^ Dominions, and for the General commanding in chief in any Presidency in India

Provision for Subsistence of Soldiers when imprisoned in Common Gaols.

Expiration of Imprisonment of Soldiers in Common Gaols.

28° VICTORIAE, 11;

in the Case of a Prisoner so therein confined, and for the Officer commanding in chief or the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court at any Foreign Station in the Case of a Prisoner so there confined, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere to some other Prison or Place either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment or Penal Servitude under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Secretary of State for the War Department, or any Person duly authorized by him in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Military Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall fbe detained in such Military Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place; and such Prisoner may during such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise, be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and Removal.

32. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, in Great Britain and Ireland One Shilling per Diem} and in other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary of State for the War Department shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of One Shilling or of Sixpence per Diemy as the Case may be, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed. In India the Expenses incurred under the Provisions of this Section shall be paid in the same Manner as the other Expenses of such Prison, or as may be provided by the Laws or Regulations to be made in that Behalf.

33. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Reason to know or believe, that any Person in his Custody for any Offence, Civil or Military, is a Soldier liable to serve Her Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall forthwith, or as soon as may be, give, if in Great Britain to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and if in Ireland to the General commanding Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or if in India to the Adjutant General of the Army, or to the nearest Military Authority

with

23

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

with whom it may be convenient to communicate, Notice of the Day and Hour on which the Imprisonment of such Person will expire; and every such Gaoler or Keeper is hereby required to use his best Endeavours to ascertain and report in all Coses where practicable the particular Regiment or Corps, Battalion of a Regiment or Battery of Artillery, to which such Soldier belongs, and also whether he belongs to the Depot or the Head Quarters of his Regiment; and in the event of his being a Recruit who has not joined, it may be so stated in his Report, together with the Name of the Place where the Man enlisted. In all Cases where the Soldier in Custody is under Sentence to be discharged from the Service on the Completion of his Term of Imprisonment, and the Discharge Document is in the Hands of the Gaoler, such Gaoler, shall not be required to make any Report thereof to the Secretary of State for War, or to the Military Authorities herein-before referred to.

34. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry and to remand the said suspected Person in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses, taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be Conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Depot of the Regiment or Corps to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison set apart under the Authority of this Act) or Police Station legally provided as a Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a Party of Soldiers of his own Regiment or Corps in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of State for the War Department, specifying therein whether such Deserter was delivered to his Regiment or Corps, or to the Party of his Regiment or Corps, in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Regiment or Corps, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary of State, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the said Secretary of State a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured $ and the said Secretary of State shall transmit to such Justice an Order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as the said Secretary of State shall be satisfied they are entitled to according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who, in the Absence of a Military Medical Officer, may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of State for the War Department, and transmit also to the said Secretary of

State

Apprehension of Deserters in the United Kingdom.

In Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions.

Transfer of Deserters.

As to the temporary Custody of Deserters m Gaols.

Desertion of Recruits prior to joining their Regiments or Corps.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

State a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that such Secretary of State may order Re-

Eiyment of such Fees; and when any such Person shall be apprehended and committed as a eserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Regiment or Corps to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or, if the Regiment or Corps be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post if within reasonable Distance, although the Regiment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the General or other Officer commanding a Descriptive Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Descriptive Return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated: Provided always, that any such Person so committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred by Order of the General or other Officer commanding to serve in any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it desirable that lie should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

35. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary of State for the War Department, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by Her Majesty's Regulations.

36. Any Recruit for Her Majesty's Army who, having been attested or received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall desert before joining the Regiment or Corps for which he has enlisted, shall, on being apprehended, and committed for such Desertion by any Justice of the Peace upon the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or upon his own Confession, forfeit his personal Bounty, and be liable to be transferred to any Regiment or Corps or Depot nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Regiment or Corps to which Her Majesty may deem it more desirable that he should be transferred: Prbvided always, that such Deserters thu9 transferred shall not be liable to other Punishment for the Offence, or to any other Penalty except the Forfeiture of their personal Bounty.

37. Any Person who shall confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Forces, or from the Embodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken before any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Person shall at any Time happen to be when he shall be brought before them, and on Proof that any such Confession as aforesaid was false, shall by the said Justices be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if, when such Person shall be brought before the said Justices, it shall be proved to their Satisfaction that such Confession has been made, but Evidence of the Truth or Falsehood of such Confession shall not at that Time be forthcoming, such Justices within the United Kingdom are hereby required to remand such Person in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and to transmit a Statement of the Case to the Secretary of State for the War Department, with a Request to be informed whether such Person appears to belong or to have belonged to the Regiment or Corps from which he shall have so confessed himself to have deserted; and a Letter from the War Office in

reply

25

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

reply thereto, referring to such Statement, and purporting to be signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State for the War Department, shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person, and shall be deemed to be legal Evidence of the Facts stated therein, and on the Receipt thereof the said Justices shall forthwith proceed to adjudicate upon the Case.

38. When there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or Furlough in any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non- Slck '

commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall by Letter immediately certify such Extension and the Cause thereof to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier belongs, if known, and if not then to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

39. No Person subject to this Act, having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be again convicted for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class or to the Rank of a Private Soldier by Order of the Commander-in-Chief, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer by Reduction to the Ranks by Order of the Commander-in-Chief or of the Colonel, or in the Militia by Older of the appointed Commandant of the Regiment or Corps; and whenever any Officer or Soldier shall have been tried by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of such Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Regiment or Corps to which such Officer or Soldier shall belong, transmit to him a Certificate, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon if such Officer or Soldier shall have been convicted, or of the Acquittal of such Officer or Soldier, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

No Person acquitted or convicted bjr the Civil Magistrate or by a Jury to be tried by a Court-martial for the same Offence.

40. Any Person attested for Her Majesty's Army, or serving on the permanent Staff Soldiers liable of the Disemb9<lied Militia or Volunteers other than as a Commissioned Officer, shall be 001

liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service only by Process or Execution on account jeaty's Service of any Charge of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the only for Misdemeanor of absenting himself from his Service, or neglecting to fulfil his Contract, or otherwise misconducting himself respecting the same, or the Misdemeanor of refusing for Debts* to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an amounting, to original Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the Value of Thirty Pounds at the least, over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit up to be sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Facts sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Soldier or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable Soldiers not by any Process whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority l^le 10 whatever, or to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Warrant, Her A&JjesVs Order, Judgment, Execution, or any Process whatsoever issued by or by the Authority Service for of any Court of Law, or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other 1^bt^cr Authority whatsoever, for any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for. not mainlining1101 supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or their Families, 28 Vict. D having

or for Breach of Contract

Officers not to be Sheriffs or Mayors, &c.

Questions to be put to Recruits on enlisting.

Recruits, when deemed to be enlisted.

When Recruits to be taken before a Justice.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

having left chargeable to any Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child which such Soldier or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order on that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract, Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour, or misconducting himself respecting the same, except in the Case of aq Apprentice, or of an indentured Labourer, as herein-after described; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Soldier or other Person as aforesaid is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Soldier or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge Such Soldier, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or issued, and the Discharge of any such Soldier out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Military Necessaries or Equipments of such Soldier; provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bond Jide Apprentices, duly bound, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, or to indentured Labourers, as herein-after prescribed.

41. No Person who shall be commissioned and in full Pay aB an Officer shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff of any County, Borough, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland.

42. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions as the Military Authorities may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall immediately after giving him Enlisting Money serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

43. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid, knowing it to be such, shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

44. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall within Ninety-six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four

Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Army, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and upon such Appearance the Justice or some Person deputed by him shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are requisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto, he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

45. When a Recruit upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall

27

28" VICTORIAE, c.lL

shall report such Discharge to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, or in the Case of a Recruit enlisted at the Head Quarters or Depot of a Regiment to the Officer commanding the same; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money, and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a farther Slim of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he will be entitled to be discharged, and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of State for the War Department and to the Inspecting Field Officer of the District, shall be paid over to nUy Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, t6 the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

46. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit shall have signed the said Declaration, and taken the said Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested; and the Fee for such Attestation, including the Declaration and Oath, shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

47. No Recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but if any Recruit, previously to his being attested, shall by means of any fhlse Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorised to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or having dissented from his Enlistment, shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom, or for any One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, to adjudge such Recruit, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned With Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration made by the Recruit on his Attestation purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance with the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in such Declaration.

48. Any Recruit who shall have been attested, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the proper Military Authorities, to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

49. If any Recruit Shalt abscond, so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of State for the War Department, in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

Attesting of Recruits.

Recruits, until they have been attested or received Pay, not triable by Court-martial, but ia certain Cases punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds;

Attested Recruits triable in some Cases either before Two Justices or before a Court-martial.

Recruits

absconding.

As to Militia* men enlisting into Regular forces.

Punishment of Persons offending against Laws relating to Enlistment

Enlistment and Re-enlistment, and Transfer to another Corps abroad.

28° VICTORIAE, c.U.

50. If any Mon while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Army, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for the War Department, on the Confession thereof by such Man, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the said Secretary of State shall direct, and further to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a Soldier, in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of his Attestation, in which latter Case his Service as a Soldier shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia would have expired: Provided that if the Regiment of Militia from which the Man has deserted be within the United Kingdom the Secretary of State for the War Department shall not make such Order without the Consent of the Commanding Officer of such Regiment. If any Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff enlists in Her Majesty's Army he may be tried and punished as a Deserter, but if he confesses his Desertion the Secretary of State for the War Department, instead of causing him to be tried and punished as a Deserter, may cause him to be returned to his Service on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, to be there put under Stoppages from his Pay until he has repaid the Amount of any Bounty received by him and the Expenses attending his Enlistment, and also the Value of any Arms, &c. issued to him while oh the Volunteer Permanent Staff and not duly delivered up by him; or may cause him to be held to his Service in Her Majesty's Army, with a Direction, if it seems fit, that his Time of Service therein shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Time when his Engagement on the Volunteer Permanent Staff would have expired; and may further cause him to be put under Stoppages of One Penny a Day of his Pay until he has repaid the Expense attending his Engagement or Attestation on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and also the Value of any Arms, Clothing, or Appointments issued to him while on the Volunteer Permanent Staff and not duly delivered up by him.

51. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Army shall be liable to be tried for such Offence before a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishments other than Death or Penal Servitude as such Courts may award.

52. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or in any Colony for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor or Officer administering the Government of such Colony, or in Her Majesty's Dominions in India for any Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General or Lieutenant Governor or other Officer administering the Government of any Presidency, Division, or Province, or within the Territories of any Foreign State in India for the Person performing the Duties of the Office of British Resident therein, or for any other Person duly authorized in that Behalf by the Governor General, to enlist and attest or to re-engage within the local Limits of their several Authorities any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Army; and any such Magistrate or Person as aforesaid shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; but no such Magistrate or other Person authorized to enlist and attest as above-mentioned shall be a General Officer or hold any Regimental Commission; and all such Appointments, past and future, and everything done or to be done under them, shall be valid and of full Effect, notwithstanding the Expiration of this Act or of any other Act of Parliament; and any Person so attested shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to receive as Transfers as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so transferred is hereby deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

53. It

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11. 29

53. It shall be lawful for the Commander-in-Chief, or for any Officer authorized by him Soldiers may in that Behalf, to direct that any Soldier attested for any one Branch of the Service shall,

on the Application of his Commanding Officer, and with his own Consent, be transferred to Tice to another.

some other Branch of the Service, or to some other Regiment or Corps in the same Branch

of the Service, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere; and every Soldier so

transferred shall be deemed to be discharged from his former Corps, and shall have a

Certificate of Transfer delivered to him; but any Soldier attested for the Infantry, and at

his own Request transferred to the Cavalry, Artillery, or Engineers, shall be bound to serve

for the full Term of such Service as if originally enlisted therein, and any Soldier at his own

Request transferred from either of such before-mentioned Services to the Infantry shall be

liable to serve for the Term of his original Enlistment: Provided always, that any Soldier

who may have volunteered for the Corps of Armourer Sergeants, or for the Army Hospital

Corps, shall be liable, by Order of the Military Authorities above mentioned, to be re-trans-

ferred to his former Corps, or to any other Corps on the Station on which he is serving at

the Time for Misconduct, Unfitness, or any other reasonable Cause.

54. Any Soldier at any Time during the last Six Months of the Term of limited Service R^ngagement for which he shall have first engaged, or after the Completion of such Term, with the of Soldiers for Consent of his Commanding Officer, or any Person having been a Soldier, and having a further Term, received his Discharge, may, if approved by competent Military Authority as a fit Person for Her Majesty's Service, be re-engaged to serve for the further Term of Eleven Years in the Infantry, and Twelve Years in the Cavalry, and Nine Years in the Artillery or Engineers, upon making a Declaration, in the Form given in the Schedule annexed to this Act, before any One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in Great Britain or Ireland, or if not in Great Britain or Ireland before any Person duly appointed to enlist and attest out of Great Britain and Ireland any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-engaging in Her Majesty's Service; and on the Expiration of the Second Term of limited Service for which any Soldier shall have engaged, the said Second Term of limited Service may be prolonged for such further Time, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer of the Station where such Soldier may be at the Time of the Expiration of such Service; and any Soldier who shall give Notice to his Commanding Officer, after completing his Second Term of limited Service, that he is desirous of continuing in Her Majesty's Service, and being approved by competent Military Authority, may be continued in such Service as a Soldier so long as he shall desire to be so continued, and until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after he shall have given Notice to his Commanding Officer of his Wish to be discharged, and for that Purpose shall be considered in all respects during such Time as if his Term of Service were still unexpired: Provided always, that in reckoning Service under the original Enlistment or Re-engagement of a Soldier the Boon Service granted by the Governor General of India9 dated Twelfth of October One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, shall be reckoned as actual Service, and allowed towards Pension and Discharge.

55. All Negroes or Persons of Colour who, although not born in any of Her Majesty's Enlistment of Colonies, Territories, or Possessions, shall have voluntarily enlisted into Her Majesty's Negroes. Service, shall, while serving, be deemed to be Soldiers legally enlisted into Her Majesty's

Service, and be entitled to all the Privileges of natural-born Subjects; and all Negroes who have been seized and condemned as Prize under the Slave Trade Acts, and appointed to serve in Her Majesty's Army, shall be deemed to be and shall be entitled to all the Advantages of Negroes or Persons of Colour voluntarily enlisted to serve as Soldiers in any of Her Majesty's Colonial Forces.

56. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice in Great Britain or Ireland, or as an Apprentice en-indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, who shall H*to 1)6 enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before after^ Expi-whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice or indentured Labourer ration of his as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, if in England Apprentice-or in Ireland, or in the Colonies or Possessions aforesaid, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and 8 lp* wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his

30

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Punishment

Apprentices

enlisting.

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

his Indenture as a Labourer, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, or of his Indenture as a Labourer, he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Army; and no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer as aforesaid who shall enlist as a Soldier in Her Majesty's Army, or shall be serving in the Embodied Militia, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture was so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign, and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by stich Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service, or of any indentured Labourer in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions abroad, shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any Master who shall give up the Indentures of his Apprentice or of his Labourer as aforesaid within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall be entitled to receive to his own Use so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice or an indentured Labourer.

of 57. No Apprentice or indentured Labourer claimed by his Master as aforesaid shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near, and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice or indentured Labourer shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice or indentured Labourer; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice or indentured Labourer may deliver him to his Master.

58. No

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll. 31

58. No Person who shall, for Six Months either before or after the passing of this Act, Removal of have received Pay and been borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Regiment or Corps, Atteatation of or Depot or Battalion of a Regiment or Corps (of which the last Quarterly Pay List, if Soldiere. produced, shall be Evidence), shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error

or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

59. No Secretary of State for the War Department, Paymaster General of the Arrpy, Authorized Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or any of their under Officers, shall receive any

Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever, out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in Her ^ade from the Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty- Pay of the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, other than the usual Army* Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from Time to Time be authorized or required by Her Majesty's Regulations or Articles of War, or by Statute Twenty-six and Twenty-seven Victoria, Chapter Sixty-five, Section Eight (Volunteer Act), or by Her Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department; and every Paymaster or other Officer who having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeably to the several Regulations established by Her Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, shall, if he demand it, be discharged from any further Service.

60. And whereas by Petition of Right in the Third Year of King Charles the First it is Suspending ' enacted and declared, that the People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burdened with Acts

the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament herein recited. ' of England, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred anc} sixty- two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it

is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whosoeverf should thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or

Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his

Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billeting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter

Fourteen, Section Eight, intituled An Act to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the 6 Anne, c. 14. 6 marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March) 8* 8* G)

it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, nor any Yeoman of the Guard or

Battle-axes, nor any Officer commanding the said Yeomen, nor any Servant of any such

Officer, should at any Time thereafter have received or be allowed any Quarters in any Part of Ireland, save only during such Time or Times as he or they should be on their March as in the same Act is before mentioned, or during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town or other Place in the Neighbourhood of a Seaport Town

in order to be transported, or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army, or any considerable Part thereof,

should be commanded to march from one Part of Ireland to anotherBut forasmuch as there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Corps,

Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the said several Provisions of the said recited Acts shall be suspended and cease to be of any Force or Effect during the Continuance of this Act.

61. And whereas by the Eleventh Section of the said Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, Chapter Fourteen, it is provided and enacted, that no Civil Magistrate or

Constable should be obliged to find Quarters for or give Billets to more or other Soldiers than those only whose true Christian and Surnames should be delivered to him in Writing under the Hand of the Officer desiring Quarters or Billets for such Soldiers at the Time such Quarters or Billets should be desired, and that all such Names should be written

together

Certain Requirements of 6 Anne, c. 14. (I.), as to billeting in Ireland, not now necessary.

32

How and where Troops may be billeted.

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

together and delivered In One Piece of Paper, signed as aforesaid, and that the Christian

and Surnames of every Soldier to be quartered or billeted, together with the Name of the Person on whom he or they should be billeted or quartered, should be given in Writing by the Constable or Civil Officer billeting or quartering such Soldier, and be contained in the Billet given by such Civil Officer: And whereas it has been found inconvenient and difficult

to comply with all the Requirements of the said Enactment:* It shall not be necessary, so long as this Act shall continue in force, for any Officer, upon the Occasion of his requiring Quarters or Billets for any Soldiers in Ireland, to deliver to the Constable or other Person whose Duty it shall be to find or give the same any List of the Names of the Soldiers to be so quartered or billeted; and it shall not be necessary for the Constable or other such Person as aforesaid to set forth in any Billet the Name of any Soldier to be billeted or quartered, but only the Number of the Soldiers, or the Number of the Soldiers and Horses respectively, as the Case may require, to be billeted or quartered on the Person named in the Billet, and to whom the same shall be addressed.

62. It shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Service, and Out-Pensioners when assembled as a local Force by competent Authority, and Persons receiving Pay in Her Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of Her Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less thau Two Men in One House, except only in case of billeting Cavalry as specially provided); and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by suck Victuallers with proper Accommodation in such Houses, or if auy Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Soldier is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain shall also be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route, Care being always taken that Billets be made out for the less distant Houses, in which suitable Accommodation can be found, before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, each Man and his Horse shall be billeted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and, except in case of Necessity, One Man at least shall be billeted where there shall be One or Two Horses, and Two Men at least where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billeted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March, in the Manner required by this Act, upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or in a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of boldiers billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billeted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of Her Majesty's Cavalry or

any

33

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

any Horses as aforesaid shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men or Horses shall have been so removed to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billeted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Person relieved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses or to be applied in furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place, with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or to enlarge the Districts within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging, where he shall be duly billeted.

63. The Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billeted within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except the City of I ondori) and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southwark, in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constables shall, on Receipt of the Order for billeting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionably on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billeted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from Time to Time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Twopence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at the least One hundred and fifty Words.

64. No Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billeting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Corps, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, and all Warrants, Acts, and Things made, done, and appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

65. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Soldier is billeted in Great Britain shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day of the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at the intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed

28 Vict. E by

Billeting the Guards in and near Westminster.

Military Officers not to act as Justices in billeting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

M 38° VICTORIA, /c. H.

by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland ', except when on the March in Great Britain and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldiers with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpence per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Forces shall be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Regiment, Detachment, or Party, shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Soldiers, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Soldiers, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situated, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of State for the War Department is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to pay the Sums due to such Victuallers or other Persons as aforesaid, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case any Soldier be suddenly ordered to march, and the respective Commanding Officers or Non-commissioned Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging or Victualling of the Men and Stabling or Forage for the Horses, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

Interpretation of Act.

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

Exemptions from Billets.

66. All Powers and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to ^Ton-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Powers and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billeting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrate^ of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billeting; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billeting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided that no Officer or Soldier shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses, or

35

23° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

in any Canteen held or occupied Under the Authority of the War Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

67. For the regular Provision of Carriages for Her Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, Supply of in their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their Carnal-several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from Her Majesty, or the General of Her Forces, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production to them of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment or Corps so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troops shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring'him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Cases exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out once in every Tear of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons,) and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constable within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

68. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed Bates to be shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid fora^r" for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Sedations re-Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall lating thereto, travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile any other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the

E 2 Secretary

36 28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

Secretary of State for the War Department within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Bate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Bates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and in Ireland the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Bate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance to Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army on any Pretence whatsoever.

69. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or for the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, by Her or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand reciting such Order of Her Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages, kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Bargee, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable Biver, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the War Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of

As to Supply of Carriages in Cases of Emergency, &e.

28° VICTORIA, c.ll.

87

the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers,

Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horae Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be dem&ndable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment, Corps, or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

70. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions Justice* em-to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or ^robmeCon Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices stable* for shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Sam*expended Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their t*1"1, respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Rogue Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

7L It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time Routes in Ire-being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to land-sign Routes in Cases of Emergency, for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

72. All Her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, on Duty or on their March, and their Toll*.

Horses and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all enrolled Pensioners in Uniform when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying any such Persons as aforesaid, or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein-before enacted.

73. When any Soldiers on Service have Occasion in their March by Route to pass regular Ferries. Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in all such Cases pay only Half the ordinary Rate for

such Boat.

74. Every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving abroad, be sent, if he Marching shall so require, to Great Britain er Ireland free of Expense, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed (or, if discharged at home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted, or at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment.

75. Nothing

38

Ordinary Course of Criminal Justice not to be interfered with.

Punishment of Officers obstructing Civil Justice.

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

Penalty for procuring false Musters.

Penalty on unlawful recruiting.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

75. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exetnpt any Officer ofr Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law, when accused of Felony or of Misdemeanor, or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanors and Offences herein-before mentioned; and if any Commanding Officer shall neglect or refuse, on Application being made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier under his Command, or shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending any Officer or Soldier under his Command, so accused as aforesaid, such Commanding Officer shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, or in any Court of Record in India, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be thenceforth utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction, containing the Substance and Effect of the Indictment only, omitting the formal Part, with the Copy of the Entry of the Judgment of the Court thereon, shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate General in London.

76. For enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents for the several Corps, the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from Time to Time be given by Her Majesty under Her Sign Manual, or by the Secretary of State for the War Department, or by Her Majesty's Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for a longer Period than the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter, or, if he have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

77. Every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for or in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in Her Majesty's Army, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether authorized as an Army Agent or not, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or who shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds and treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

78. Every Person, not having any Military Commission, who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or who shall directly or indirectly cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicates thereof, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered, or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Conviction before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

79. Every Person (except such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by Beating Order under the Hand of the Secretary of State for the War Department) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or Her Majesty's Indian Forces, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere

therewith,

39

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant Generator from the Secretary of State in Council of India, (as the Case may be,) shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

80. Any Person who shall in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or by any Means Penalty for in whatsoever, directly or indirectly, procure any Soldier to desert, or attempt to procure of ^°ldlers persuade any Soldier to desert, and any Person, who, knowing that any Soldier is about 686

to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Soldier to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof, before any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices shall think fit

81. Any Officer or Soldier who shall, in pursuit of any Deserter, forcibly enter into or break open any Dwelling House or Outhouse, or shall give any Order under which any Dwelling House or Outhouse shall be forcibly entered into or broken open, without a Warrant from One or more Justices of the Peace, shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

82. If any Person shall convey or cause to be conveyed into any Military Prison appointed Penalties on to be a public Prison under this Act any Arms, Tools, or Instruments, or any Mask or

other Disguise, in order to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, or shall by any Means escape of

whatever aid and assist any Prisoner to escape or in attempting to escape from such Prison, sonerg^andoa

whether an Escape be actually made or not, such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony,

and upon being convicted thereof shall be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less tiona. 6

than Four Years and not exceeding Six Years, or be imprisoned, with or without Hard

Labour, for any Term not exceeding Two Years; and if any Person shall bring or attempt

to bring into such Prison, in contravention of the existing Rules thereof, any spirituous or

fermented Liquor, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding

Twenty Pounds and not less than Ten Pounds, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard

Labour, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and if any Person shall bring

into such Prison, to or for any Prisoner, without the Knowledge of the Governor, any

Money, Clothing, Provisions, Tobacco, Letters, Papers, or any other Articles not allowed by the Rules of the Prison to be in the Possession of a Prisoner, or shall throw into the said Prison any such Articles, or shall by Desire of any Prisoner, without the Sanction of the

Governor, carry out of the Prison any of the Articles aforesaid, he shall for every such

Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned, either with

or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month; and if any Person shall assault or violently resist any Officer of such Prison in the Execution of his

Duty, or shall aid or excite any Person so to assault or resist any such Officer, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, or to be imprisoned,

with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, or, if the

Offender be a Soldier already under Sentence of Imprisonment, he shall be liable for every such Offence, upon Conviction thereof by a Board of not less than Three of the Visitors of the Prison, to be imprisoned, either with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to

Corporal Punishment not exceeding Fifty Lashes, or upon Conviction thereof by a single

Visitor to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding

Seventy-two Hours, in addition to his original Sentence, or to be subjected to Corporal

Punishment not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes; or if such Soldier shall, within Forty-eight

Hours of the Expiration of his original or of any additional Sentence, be guilty of any

Offence against the Rules of the Prison, he may for every such Offence, on Conviction

thereof by a Board or by a single Visitor, be ordered to be kept in Prison for a Period not exceeding Seventy-two Hours in either a dark or light Cell, and with or without Hard

Labour ox Solitary Confinement, on a Bread and Water Diet, or otherwise; and all the

Provisions

Penalty for forcible Entry in pursuit of Deserters without Warrant

40 28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

Certain Pro- Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament for the Regulation or better ordering of Gaols, ActeDfor°r«ru- ^OU8e8 Correction, or Prisons in Great Britain shall be deemed to apply to all Military lating Gaols to Prisons so far as any such Provision relates to such Offences; and it shall be lawful for the apply to Mili- Governor, Provost Marshal, Officer, or Servant of any Military Prison to use and exercise tary Prisons. aj[Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to the Gaoler, Keeper, or Turnkey of any Prison, or to his or their Assistants, to apprehend or to cause Offenders to be apprehended, in order to their being taken before a Justice or Justices of the Peace; and all the Powers and Authorities given by any such Act to any Justice or Justices of the Peace to convict Offenders in any of the above Cases, together with the Forms of Convictions contained in any such Act, shall be applicable to the like Offences when committed in respect of Military Prisons; and all the Provisions contained in any such Act relating to Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of such Act shall be deemed to apply to all Suits and Actions prosecuted against any Person acting in pursuance of such Act in respect of Military Prisons.

Penalty on Keepers of Prisons for revising to confine, &c. Military Offenders.

83. Any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Military Offender in the Manner herein-before prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers Necessaries, Stores, &c.

84. Any Person who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any Soldier or Deserter or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, on any Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Soldier, or shall be employed by any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Medals for good Conduct or for Distinguishment or other Service, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks provided under Barrack Regulations, or Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Service, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any such Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Clothes, Furniture, Provisions, Spirits, Articles, Necessaries, or Forage, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become or be possessed; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall have so become possessed, and shall in addition to such Forfeiture be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace, or Person exercising like Authority according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found, the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Legislature of any of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, on the Recommendation of the Officer or Officers for the Time being administering the Government thereof, but not otherwise, to make Provision by Law for reducing such pecuniary Penalty, if not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to such Amount as may to such

Legislature

41

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

Legislature appear to be better adapted to the Ability and pecuniary Means of Her Majesty's Subjects and others inhabiting the same, which reduced Penalty shall be sued fdr and recovered in such and the same Manner as the full Penalty hereby imposed: Provided also, that it shall be competent to Her Majesty, or to the Person or Persons administering the Government of any such Foreign Dominions as aforesaid, to exercise, in respect of the Laws so to be passed as aforesaid, all such Powers and Authorities as are by Law vested in Her Majesty or in any such Officer or Officers as aforesaid in respect of any other Law made o enacted by any such Legislature.

85. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billeting any Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officers or Soldiers, in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner hereinbefore directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall wilfully cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered upon him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House in which such Officer or Soldier is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats,. Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided; or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; or if anjjr Toll Collector shall demand and receive Toll from any of Her Majesty's Officers or Soldiers, on Duty or on their March, for themselves or for their Horses, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or from any enrolled Pensioners in Uniform, when called out for Training or in aid of the Civil Power, or for any Carriages or Horges belonging to Her Majesty, or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when conveying Persons or Baggage or returning therefrom, every such Constable, Victualler, Toll Keeper, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Soldier or a Recruit, with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet, or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

86. If any Military Officer shall take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited and allowed by this Act* or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayor, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do anything contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided that a Certi-

28 Vict. F ficate

Penalties on Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets.

On Toll Collectors demanding ToU from Officers, Soldiers, or for Carriages;

and on Persons personating Soldiers, &c.

Penalties on the Military offending against the Laws relating to Billets.

4 2

Penalty on killing Game without Leave.

Form of Actions at ]>aw.

Recovery of Penalties.

11 & 12 Vict c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

28° VICTORIAE, c. ll.

fioate of such Conviction shall be transmitted by One of the said Justices to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander-in-Chief and Secretary of State for the War Department, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, from any Person, any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier, in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in the Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, such Officer shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

87. For the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

88. Any Action which shall be brought against any Person for anything to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Calendar Months after the doing thereof, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become nonsuited, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if in Scotland such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendant Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial in respect or any Sentence of such Court, or of anything done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

89. All Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by and before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, within England and Wales, with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied, in Scotland and in Ireland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the

Proceedings

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll. 48

Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles9 or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster, or in Dublin, or in India, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

90. One Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles Appropriation adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall, in the United Kingdom, go of Penalties, to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the Remainder of the Penalty, together with the Treble Value of any Articles, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service in London, and in India to the Military Secretary of the Government of the Presidency to which the Court by whom the Penalty shall be adjudicated shall be subject, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary of State for the War Department, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of 5 & 6 W.4. Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts, to the c-76-contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice in the United Kingdom who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the said Secretary of State, and in India the Court which shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall immediately report the same to the said Military Secretary.

9L Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier in Her Mode of re- Majesty's Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall cording a be billeted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Plaoe where he is billeted, (which ^ment* Summons he is hereby directed to obey,) and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence of such last legal Settlement before any Justices or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required; provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Place of Settlement until legally disproved.

92. When any Person shall hold any Canteen under proper Authority of the War Licences of Department, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within their respective Jurisdictions to Canteens, grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to Time of Year or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Person so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

93. AH Muster Rolls and Accounts and Pay and Pension Lists which are required to Attestation of be verified by Declaration shall be so verified and attested free of Stamp Duty and without Aetoonta Fee or Reward paid for such Declaration or Attestation.

F 2 94. All

44

Commissaries, &c. to attest their AcoosaU,

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Officers and Soldiers to conform to 26 & 27 Vict c. 48., &c.

Where Troops are serving beyond the

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

94. All Commissaries, Regimental Paymasters, and all other Accountants for Military Services, Storekeepers, and Barrack Masters, upon making up their Accounts, and all Commissaries and Storekeepers upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall severally make the respective Declarations described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; winch Declarations, if made in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be made before some Justice, or other Person authorized to administer Oaths and Declarations, and if made on Foreign Service, shall be made before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in Command, or the Quartermaster or Deputy Quartermaster General or any Assistant Quartermaster General of the Army, who shall respectively have Power to administer and receive the same

95. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorized or required by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by Law any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury, or of wilfully making a false Declaration, shall be cashiered, and every Soldier or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act, found guilty thereof by a General, District, or Garrison Court-martial, shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court. In India, in all Cases where any Oath is hereby required to be taken, or any Person is hereby required to be sworn, a solemn Declaration or Affirmation may be substituted, if by the Laws for the Time being in force in India such Declaration or Affirmation would be allowed to be substituted in the Place of an Oath, in case the Party were about to depose as a Witness in a Civil Action in any of the Supreme Courts at the Presidencies; and any Person wilfully and knowingly giving false Testimony on Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation in any Case wherein such Oath or solemn Declaration or Affirmation shall have been made for the Purpose of this Act, or any Proceedings under this Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and, being duly convicted thereof before a Court-martial or otherwise, shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force in England\ or by any Law in force in India, any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

96. All Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any former Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of either of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any Such former Act shall remain in full Force, and all Proceedings of Courts-martial convened and held under any such Warrant shall be continued, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried or punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date of the Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

97. It shall be the Duty of all Officers and Soldiers to observe and confonn to the Provisions contained in " The Regimental Debts Act, 1863," and in the Regulations for the better Execution of the Purposes of the said Act prescribed from Time to Time by Warrant under thfe Royal Sign Manual.

98. In all Places in India where any Body of Her Majesty's Forces may be serving situate beyond the Jurisdiction of any Courts of Requests, or other Courts for enforcing

small

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11. 45

small Demands, established at the Cities of Codcutta, Madras, and Bombay respectively, Jurisdiction of Actions of Debt, and all personal Actions against Officers or against Persons licensed to Courts of act as Sutlers, or other Persons amenable to the Provisions of this Act not being Soldiers, shall be cognizable before a Court of Bequests composed of Military Officers, and not Debt not elsewhere, provided the Value in question shall not exceed Four Hundred Rupees, and that exceeding 400 the Defendant was a Person of the above Description when the Cause of Action arose, co^ble by a which Court the Commanding Officer of any Camp, Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Military Court. Post is hereby authorized and empowered to convene; and the said Court shall in all Composition practicable Coses consist of Five Commissioned Officers, and in no Instance of less than and Constitu-Three, and the President thereof shall in all practicable Cases be a Field Officer, and in no Case be under the Rank of a Captain, and every Member shall have served Five Years as a scribed. Commissioned Officer; and the President and Members assisting at any such Court, before President, &c. any Proceedings be had before it, shall take the following Oath, which Oath shall be administered by the President of the Court to the other Members thereof, and to the loidngOath. President by any Member having first taken the Oath; (that is to say,)

T swear, That I will duly administer Justice according to the Evidence

in the Matters that shall be brought before me. So help me GOD.

And all Witnesses before any such Court shall be examined in the same Manner as in the Powers of such

Case of a Trial by Court-martial, and it shall be competent for such Court, upon finding or Court defined.

awarding any Debt or Damage, either to award Execution thereof generally, or to direct

specially that the whole or any Part thereof shall be stopped and paid over to the Plaintiff

out of any Part not exceeding One Half of any Pay or Allowance, or out of any other

Public Money which may respectively be coming to the Defendant in the current or any

future Month or Months, or to direct the same to be so paid by Instalments; and in all

Cases where the Execution shall be awarded generally the Debt, if not paid forthwith,

shall be levied by Seizure and public Sale of such of the Defendant's Goods and Property

as may be found within the Camp, Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Post, under a

written Order of the Commanding Officer, grounded on the Judgment of the Court; and

all Orders of such Commanding Officer as to the Manner of such Sale, or the Person by

whom the same shall be made, or otherwise respecting the same, shall be valid and binding;

and any Goods and Property of the Defendant found within the Limits of the Camp,

Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Post to which the Defendant shall belong at any subsequent Time shall be liable to be seized and sold in like Manner in satisfaction of any Remainder of such Debt or Damages; and if any Question shall arise whether any such Effects or Property are liable to be taken in Execution as aforesaid, the Derision and Order of the said Commanding Officer shall be final and conclusive with respect to the same, and if sufficient Goods shall not be found within the Limits of the Camp, Garrison, Cantonment, or Military Post, then any Public Money or any Part not exceeding One Half of the Pay or Allowances accruing to the Defendant shall be stopped in liquidation of such Debt or Damages; and if such Defendant shall not receive Pay as an Officer or from any Public Department but be a Sutler, Servant, or Follower, he may be arrested by like Order of the Commanding Officer, and imprisoned in some convenient Place within the Military Boundaries for any Period not exceeding Two Months, unless the Debt be sooner paid; and the said Commanding Officer shall not, nor shall any Person acting on his Orders in respect of the Matters aforesaid, incur any Liability to any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Act done by him in pursuance of the Provisions aforesaid; and in Cases where the said Court shall direct specially that the whole or any Part of the Debt or Damages shall be stopped and paid out of Part of any Pay or Allowances, or out of any Public Money, the same shall be stopped and paid accordingly in conformity with such Direction: Provided always, that nothing herein-before contained shall enable any such Action as aforesaid to be brought in the said Court by any Officer or Soldier against any Officer.

99. Whenever any Court-martial may be held in India by virtue of this Act on any Proririoni Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Forces, there shall sit on such Court-martial.

One or more Officer or Officers of Her Majesty's said Indian Forces, if the Attendance of such Officer or Officers can be conveniently had, and if the Attendance of no such SoldienofHer Officer or Officers can be conveniently had, then the Officer convening such Court-

martial

4« 28" VICTORIA c l I.

[Proviso.]

A* to Trial of Officers and Soldiers serving in India.

martial shall specify the same in his Warrant or Order convening the Court-martial; and the Government of any of the Presidencies in India may suspend the Proceedings of any Court-martial held in India on any Officer or Soldier belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Forces within such Presidencies respectively; and if any Officer belonging to Her Majesty's Indian Foroes shall think himself wronged by the Officer commanding the Regiment, and shall upon due Application made to him not receive the Redress to winch he may consider himself entitled, he may complain to his Commander-in-Chief in order to obtain Justice, who is hereby required to examine into such Complaint, and thereupon, either by himself or by his Adjutant General, to make his Report to the Government of the Presidency to which such Officer belongs, in order to receive the further Directions of such Government: Provided that no Officer of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid who may have joined or may join either of the Staff Corps formed in the several Presidencies of India under the Warrant of Her Majesty bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, constituting the said Corps, and no Officer or Soldier of Her Majesty's Indian Forces aforesaid who shall have volunteered or may volunteer to join Her Majesty's General Military Service, shall be deemed to be an Officer of Her Majesty's * Indian Forces for the Purposes of this Section.

100. Any Officer or Soldier, or other Person subject to this Act, who shall be serving in the Territories of any Foreign State in India, or in any Country in India under the Protection of Her Majesty, or at any Place in Her Majesty's Dominions in India (other than Prince of Wales1 Island, Singapore, or Malacca), at a Distance of upwards of One hundred and twenty Miles from the Presidencies of Fort William, Fort Saint George, and Bombay respectively, and who shall be accused of having committed Treason or any other Crime which, if committed in England, would be Felony, may be tried by a General Court-martial, to be appointed by the General or other Officer commanding in chief in such Place for the Time being, and, if found guilty, shall be liable to be sentenced by such Court-martial to suffer such Punishment as might legally have been awarded by any of Her Majesty's Courts of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction within Her Majesty's Dominions in India in respect of an Offence of a like Nature and Degree, and committed within the Jurisdiction of such last-mentioned Court; but no Sentence of a General Court-martial for any such Offence shall be carried into execution until the same shall have been duly confirmed; and it shall be lawful for such General or other Officer commanding in chief as aforesaid to confirm the Sentence of any such General Court-martial; and such General or other Officer as aforesaid may, if he shall think fit, suspend, mitigate, or remit the Sentence; or, in the Case of a Sentence of Penal Servitude, may commute the same to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for such Period as to him shall seem fit: Provided always, that in all Cases wherein a Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by any such General Court-martial held for the Trial of a Commissioned Officer, or where a Sentence of Death shall have been awarded by any such General Court-martial held for the Trial of any Person subject to this Act other than a Commissioned Officer, such Sentence riiall not be carried into execution until it shall have been duly approved by the Governor General in Council, or Governor in Council of the Presidency in the Territories subordinate to which the Offender shall have been tried: Provided also, that any Person who may have been so tried as aforesaid shall not be tried for the same Offence by any other Court whatsoever.

Duration of 101. This Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth this Act Lay of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where Her Majesty's Foroes may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day

47

.28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five inclusive until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six; and shall be and continue in force in India, and within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France or Mauritius and its Depen* dencies, Saint Helena, and the Settlements on the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and shall be and continue in force within British Columbia and Vancouver's Island from the Date of the Promulgation thereof in General Orders there inclusive until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven inclusive until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight: Provided always, that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be In full Force, anything herein stated to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES referred to by the foregoing Act.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

Date 186

A.B.

T^AKE Notice, That you enlisted with at o'Clock#

on the Day of for the Regiment [instead of the Words " for the Regiment," any Words may be substituted which are

applicable to the Case], and if you do not come to [here name some Place] on or before o'Clock* on the Day of for the Purpose of being taken

before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representation at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commis$ionedT\__________

Officer serving the Notice. j

A.M. or P.M., as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

T now residing in the Parish of in the county of,

do solemnly and sincerely declare, That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief I was born in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (b) in the County of (c), and am Years of Age; that I am of the Trade

or Calling of [or of no Trade or Calling, as the Case may be]; that I am not an

Apprentice; that I am not married; that 1 am not a Widower; that I am a Widower, and that I have (or have not) Children; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D;

Note (a), (b), (c). These Blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the requisite

Information.

48

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

that I have never been rejected aa unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day of 186 ,

at o'Clock M. by of, and that I have read [or had

read to me] the Notice then given to me and understood its meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of, and a free Kit, and have no Objection to make to the Manner of

my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment of

[instead of the Words " in the Regiment," any Words may be

substituted which are applicable to the Case in or for whatever Part of Her Majesty's Dominions the Enlistment may be made] for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filled up with Ten Years for Infantry and Twelve for Cavalry or Artillery or other Ordnance Corps, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Ten or Twelve Years (as the Case may Ae)], provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________ Signature of Recruit

__________ Signature of Witness.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

I do make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness roy Hand__________Signature of Recruit.

__________Witness present

The above Declaration and Oath were made before me at this Day of

One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

Signature of Justice

Declaration to be made by a Soldier, or Person having been a Soldier, on renewing

his Service.

T do declare, That I am at present [or was, as the Case may be], in

* Captain Company in the Regiment [the foregoing Portion

of this Declaration may be altered to suit each particular Case]; that I enlisted on the Day of for a Terra of Years; that I am of the Age of Years; and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and

Successors, for a further Term of Years [to be filled up with Eleven Years in

the Infantry, or Twelve in the Cavalry, or Nine in the Artillery or Engineers, and in the Case of a Soldier about to embark for Foreign Service, with such Number of Years as shall be required to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years in the Artillery, Engineers, and Infantry, or Twenty-four in the Cavalry,] provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

Declared before me __________the__________Day of__________18_.

__________Signature of Soldier.

__________Signature of Witness.

Form

, 28° VICTORIAE, c.ll

49

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a, and

A that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and

that the said did on or about the Day of abscond and

quit my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at Day of hundred and this

One thousand eight

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to wit J A certify, That of came before me at the

Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and made Oath that he

was by Trade a, and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to

him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term

of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about the Day

of abaoond and quit the Service of the said without his

Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose indentured Labourer in any of Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That was bound to me to

serve os an indentured Labourer by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Term of Years, and that the said did on or about the

Day of abscond and quit my Service without my Consent.

Witness, \_as for Apprentice.']

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an indentured

Labourer.

T One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to wit. J A certify, That of come before me at the

Day of and made Oath that was

bound to serve as an indentured Labourer to him by Indenture dated the Day of

for the Terra of Years, and that the said indentured Labourer

did on or about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said without his Consent.

28 VICT.

G

Form

50

28° VICTORIAE, c.ll.

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Commissary's or Puryeyor's

Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I have not applied any Monies

or Stores or Supplies under my Care or Distribution to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than Public Purposes, according to the Duty of my Office.

Declared before me by the within-namedl this Day of J

Justice of the Peace of

or Commander in Chief \ or Second in Command, et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera [as the Case may be\

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Storekeeper's Accounts.

T, Storekeeper at, do hereby solemnly and sincerely

A declare, That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Sale of old Stores, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I also solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever beyond my Salary and authorized Allowances, except the trifling Advantage which may have arisen in respect to the fractional Parts of a Penny in the Totals of the Pay Lists, as sanctioned by the Regulations of 19th December 1832 TTH7 g (See Art. 246, at Page 65, of Home Regulations); and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually

and bon& fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true *

Storekeeper at

Declared before me at this Day of

__________9

Magistrate for___

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Barrack Master's Accounts.

T, Barrack Master of the Barracks at,

do hereby solemnly and sincerely declare, That I have charged myself in this Account with the several Sums drawn for or received by me on Imprests, or for Rents, Damages, and Deficiencies, washing Sheets, or for any other Article or Service; that they are just and true, and include every Sum for which I am accountable during the Period stated. I

also

51

28 VICTORIAE, c. 11.

abo solemnly declare, that I have not, directly or indirectly, received any Profit, Fee, Emolument, or Advantage whatever from or on account of the Purchase or Issue of any of the Articles for the Service of the said Barracks, nor have I any Property in Lands, Houses, Tenements, or any Article used or employed in the Service of the War Department; and I further solemnly declare, that the several Sums of Money for which I have taken Credit as Disbursements in this Account, amounting to, have been actually and bona fide paid by me for the respective Services, without any Deductions, to the several Persons entitled to the same, and that the Receipts which accompany this Account have been actually signed and witnessed by the Persons stated therein; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

Declared before me at this Day of

__________y

Barrack Master at__________

18 }

__________y

Magistrate for

Form of Declaration of Attestation of a Paymaster's Accounts.

I do solemnly and sincerely declare. That the foregoing Pay List

of the Regiment of, for the Period ended 186 ,

contains Charges of Pay for only such Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers, Buglers, and Privates as were effective and entitled to Pay during, and regularly mustered at, the Period set against their Names; that all those Men who were not present at the respective Musters taken by me on the, the, and the

have the true Reasons of their Absence stated against their Names; and that every Absence affecting the Pay or Allowances of such Men which occurred between the respective Musters is properly accounted for.

Also, that the List of Commissioned Officers prefixed to the said Pay List contains a true and just Statement of the Names of all the Commissioned Officers who have been effective and entitled to Pay as belonging to the said Regiment for the Periods therein set down against their respective Names; also, that all the Remarks opposite to their Names on the Muster Roll have been correctly copied therein; and that the Sum debited in the general State of this Pay List for the Pay of Officers has been actually received by me and paid to them respectively.

Also, that the whole of the Sums debited in this Pay List and Account, amounting to, have been actually and bon& fide disbursed by me in conformity with the established Regulations, and that the total Sum received, drawn for, or required to be remitted for the several Services therein charged, including every Receipt whatever, for which I am required to give Credit in these Accounts, is

Also, that the Statement at the Foot of this Page contains a full and correct List of all Abstracts of Examination, and of all Decisions on Abstracts of Examination, of the Pay List of this Regiment received between the of 186 (the Date

of the last Pay List transmitted to the War Office being that for the Period ended the 186)and the of 186, the Date of this

Pay List.

G 2 Also,

52

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

Also, that the total Amount of the Sums disallowed in the said Decisions is credited in this Pay List, in conformity with Article 21 of the explanatory Directions, dated the 1st July 1848.

Also, that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, both my Sureties are now living; that the Property of each is at least double that for which he is Surety; and that they respectively reside at the Places under mentioned.

Names of Sureties. Places of Residence.

Declared and subscribed before me, at this

Day of 186 .

Witnesses

J for__________

Commanding Officer.

Adjutant.

__________Paymaster.

Justice of the Peace

Form of Declaration of Attestation of the Accounts of a Military

Accountant.

T HEREBY solemnly and sincerely declare, That this Account, comprised in Folios, is just and true, according to the best of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief; and I make this Declaration, conscientiously believing the same to be true.

__________Military Accountant

I__________Justice of the Peace

) for__________.

Declared before me, at this Day of

18 .

No.

53

28° VICTORIAE, c. 11.

No.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or " surrendered himself, *

as the Case may be] on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on flie Day of as a Deserter from [insert Regiment or Corps].

Age -

Height Feet Inches.

Complexion -

Hair

Eyes -

Marks -

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what Place -

Name and Occupation and Address of the Person by whom or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured

r Particulars in the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds -

It it important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Retorn should be accurately filled np, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he | a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

..... - Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

" Signature of Prisoner.

---- Signature of Informant.

f Insert is " or44 is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him J for Military Service.

---- — Signature of Military

m Medical Officer, or of § Private

Medical Practitioner.

Insert44fit" or unfit," as the Case may be, and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

§ No Fee will be allowed to a Private Medical Practitioner where a Military Medical Officer is stationed, unless it is shown that his Services were not available.

Power to Lord High Admiral, &c. to make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Ac.

As to Offences against former Mutiny Acts and Articles of War.

Limitation as to Time.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in Her Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be quartered or be on shore, or sent to do Duty or be on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of Her Majesty, or other Ships or Vessels, or they may be under other Circumstances in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the i Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be forejudged

of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, s and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless it

being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert Her Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime or Offence in breach of or to the Prejudice of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy i Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to make, ordain, alter, and establish Rules and Articles of War, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the better Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Misbehaviour, Neglect of Duty, and any other Offence or Misconduct of which they shall be guilty, in any Place on shore or afloat in or out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or at any Time when or under any Circumstances in which they shall not be amenable to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, and for regulating the Proceedings of Courts-martial, which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or within the British Isles shall by such Articles of War be subject to suffer any Punishment extending to Life or Limb, or to be kept in Penal Servitude, except for Crimes which are by this Act expressly made liable to such Punishment as aforesaid, or shall be subject, with reference to any Crimes made punishable by this Act, to be punished in any Manner which may be inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act.

2. All Crimes and Offences committed^against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on snore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be tried, inquired of, and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appeal- to have been committed more than Three Years before the Date

of

55

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his haying absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape and come or be brought into this Realm before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same as if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

3. This Act shall extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions herein contained for enlisting of Recruits, whether Minors or of full Age, and swearing and attesting such Recruits, and for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for Trial and Punishment of Officers and Marines who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Medals for Good Conduct or for distinguished or other Service, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Marine or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed; and also to the Provisions for exempting Marines from being taken out of Her Majesty's Service for not supporting or for leaving chargeable to any Parish any Wife or Child or Children, or on account of any Breach of Contract to serve or work for any Employer, or on account of any Debts under Thirty Pounds in the said Islands.

4. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law when accused of Felony or Misdemeanor, or of any Misdemeanor other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine, or who shall wilfully obstruct, neglect, or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be thereupon cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in Her Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

5. No Person subject to this Act having been acquitted or convicted of any Crime or Offence by the Civil Magistrate or by the Verdict of a Jury shall be liable to be again tried for the same Crime or Offence by a Court-martial, or to be punished for the same otherwise than by cashiering in the Case of a Commissioned Officer, or in the Case of a Warrant Officer by Reduction to an inferior Class, or to the Rank of a Private Marine, by Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or in the Case of a Non-commissioned Officer, by Reduction to the Ranks, by Order of the Commandant of the Division to which such Non-commissioned Officer may belong; and whenever any Officer or Marine shall have been tried before a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of such Court, or the Deputy of such Clerk, shall, if required by the Officer commanding the Division to which such Officer or Marine belongs, transmit to him a Certificate containing the Substance an4f Effect' only, omitting the formal Part, of the Indictment, Conviction, and Entry of Judgment thereon or Acquittal of such Officer or Marine, and shall be allowed for such Certificate a Fee of Three Shillings.

6. All of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of or be on board any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Laws for the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy for the Time being, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them whilst so borne or on board, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy

may

Provisions of this Act to extend to Jersey, &c.

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

No Person tried by Civil Power to be punished by Court-martial for same Offence except by cashiering, &c.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while on board Ship.

56

Power to Lord High Admiral, &c. to grant Commissions for holding General Courts-martial, Ac.

Place where Offenders may be tried.

Power of General Courts-martial

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

may be tried or punished; except when and so long as any Marine Officers or Marinos shall be landed from any of Her Majesty's Ships, and be employed in Military Operations on shore, and when on such Occasions the senior Naval Officer present shall deem it expedient to issue an Order declaring that such Marine Officers and Marines shall during such Employment on shore be subject to the Regulations of this Act, in which Cases, and while such Order shall remain in force, they shall be subject to such Regulations, and be tried and punished under this Act accordingly, for any Offences to be committed by them while so on shore; and with or without any Commission or Warrant from the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for that Purpose, the Officer commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any such Marine Officers or Marines shall have Power and Authority to convene, and to authorize any Officer to convene. Courts-martial under this Act, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command: Provided always, that if any Marine Officer or Marine so borne on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise shall commit any Offence for which he shall not be amenable to a Naval Court-martial, he may be tried and punished for the same in the same Manner as other Officers or Marines may he tried and punished for the like Offences under the Authority of this Act; or if the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid so direct, he may be so tried and punished for any Offence committed by him on shore, whether he be or be not amenable to a Naval Court-martial for the same.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from Time to Time to grant Commissions or Warrants under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the holding of General and other Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and elsewhere out of the same, in like Manner as has been heretofore used, and for bringing Offenders against this Act and the Articles of War to Justice, and to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom' and the British Isles as in any of Her Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as Her Majesty's other Dominions, and in any Foreign Parts out of the same Dominions, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command, or before or after any such Commission or Warrant shall be granted, provided that the Officer so authorized be not below the Degree of a Field Officer, except in detached Situations beyond Seas, where a Captain may be authorized to convene District or Garrison Courts-martial; and any Person subject to this Act who shall, in any of Her Majesty's Dominions or elsewhere, commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act or of the Articles of War, may be tried and punished for the same in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or other Place where he may have come or be after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

8. Every General Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Islet shall consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, and shall have Power to sentence any Officer of Marines or Marine to suffer Death, Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, Forfeiture of Pay or Pension, or any other Punishment which shall accord with the Usage of the Service; but no Judgment of Death by a Court-martial shall pass unless Two Thinls at least of the Officers present shall concur therein; and no Court-martial within the United Kingdom or elsewhere held under the Provisions of this Act shall have Power to award a Sentence of Transportation.

9. Every District or Garrison Court-martial convened within the United Kingdom or the British Isles shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, and shall have the same

5 7

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

same Power as a General Court-martial to sentence any Marine to such Punishments as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act; provided that the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony, and that no such District or Garrison Court-martial shall have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass any Sentence of Death or Penal Servitude.

10. A Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall consist of not less than Five Powers of Di-Commissioned Officers, unless it be found impracticable to assemble that Number, in which

Case Three shall be sufficient, and shall have Power to sentence any Marine to Corporal Courts-martial Punishment or to Imprisonment, and Forfeiture of Pay, in such Manner as shall accord with the Provisions of this Act.

11. In Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination or of other Offences committed on the Courts-martial Line of Mareh, or on board any Transport Ship, Convict Ship, or Merchant Vessel, the M^chorin Offender may be tried by a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial, and the Sentence may Transport

be confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in immediate Command, Ships, &c. provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award.

12. It shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any Detachment or Portion of Her Powers of Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed G^ralCourts-against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any Country in which martial.

Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces are so serving, by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Detachment General Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Commissioned Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided always, that no Sentence of any such Detachment Court-martial shall be executed until the Officer commanding the Army to which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

13. When it is necessary or expedient, a Court-martial composed exclusively of Officers Officers of the of the Royal Marines, or a Court-martial composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Army, xJ^Forees or of Her Majesty's Indian Army, or of both or of either, together with Officers of the may sit in con-Royal Marines, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court-martial is junction on assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces, may try a Person belonging to Courta'xnartiaL any One of the said Three Services; provided that when the Person to be tried shall

belong to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, then the Provisions of this Act, or of such Act as shall be then and there in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, and the Oaths therein respectively prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to the Royal Marines then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; but where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Army, or shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be within the United Kingdom, then the Proceedings of such Court shall be regulated as if the Court were composed of Officers of Her Majesty's Artny only, and the Provisions of the Act then and there in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and the Oaths therein prescribed, and the Rules and Articles of War relating to Her Majesty's Army then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the '

Proceedings thereof and relating thereto; and where the Person to be tried shall belong to Her Majesty's Indian Army, and be out of the United Kingdom, the Provisions of such Act or Acts as shall be then and there in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in Her Majesty's Indian Army, and the Rules and Articles of War, if any, relating to such Officers and Soldiers then and there in force, shall be applicable to such Court, and the Proceedings thereof and relating thereto.

28 Vict. II 14. Pro-

58

If no Superior Officer of Land Forces is present in Command of a District, &c., an Officer of Marines may convene a Court-martial.

President of Courts-martial.

Proceedings at Trial.

Swearing and

summoning

Witnesses,

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

14. Provided there be no Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of a District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be serving, it shall be lawful for any Officer of the Royal Marine Corps, of the Degree of a Field Officer, and holding a Commission from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for that Purpose, but not otherwise, to convene or assemble a District or Garrison Court-martial, to be composed as before stated, and for such Court to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of Commissioned Officer for any of the Offences cognizable by a District or Garrison Court-martial; but the Sentence so awarded by any such Court shall not be carried into effect until the Senior Officer of the Royal Marines in the District, Garrison, Station, or Place, not being a Member of the Court, shall have confirmed the same: Provided always, that if there be any such Superior Officer of Her Majesty's Land Forces present in Command of the District, Garrison, Station, or Place where Marines may be, in such Case it shall be lawful for him to convene or assemble such District or Garrison Court-martial for the Trial of any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, and for such Court-martial to try any such Marine or Marines in conformity with the Provisions of this Act and the Articles of War to be made in pursuance hereof; but the Sentence which may be awarded by any such Court which may be convened or assembled by any such Superior Officer shall not be carried into effect until such Superior Officer shall have confirmed the same.

15. The President of every Court-martial shall be appointed by or under the Authority of the Officer convening such Courts, and shall in no Case be the confirming Officer, or the Officer whose Duty it has been to investigate the Charges on which the Prisoner is to be arraigned, nor, in the Case of a General Court-martial, under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot dc had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain, save in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions, or of a Divisional or Detachment Court-martial holden on the Line of March, or on board a Transport Ship, Convict Ship, Merchant Vessel, or Troop Ship not in Commission, or on any Foreign Station where a Captain cannot be had: Provided always, that in the Case of a Detachment General Court-martial holden out of Her Majesty's Dominions the Officer convening such Court may be the President thereof.

16. In all Trials by Court-martial, as soon as the President and other Officers appointed to serve thereon shall be assembled, their Names shall be read over in the Hearing of the Prisoner, who shall thereupon be asked if he objects to being tried by the President or by any of such Officers, and if the Prisoner shall then object to the President, such Objection, unless allowed by Two Thirds at least of the other Officers appointed to form the Court, shall be referred to the Decision of the Authority by whom such President shall have been appointed; but if he object to any Officer other than the President, such Objection shall be decided by the President and the other Officers so aforesaid appointed to form the Court; and when the Place of the President or other Officer in respect of whom any Challenge shall have been made and allowed shall be supplied by some Officer in respect of whom no Challenge shall be made or allowed, or if no Challenge whatever shall have been made, or, if made, not allowed, the President and the other Officers composing a General Court-martial shall take the Oaths in the Schedule to this Act annexed before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as Judge Advocate, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member may administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

17. All General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be

examined

59

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceeding before the same; and every Person, as well Civil as Military, who may be required to give or produce Evidence before a Court-martial, shall, in the Case of General Courts-martial, be summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, and in the Case of all other Courts-martial by the President of the Court; and all Persons so summoned and attending as Witnesses before any Court-martial shall, during their necessary Attendance in or on such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Superior Courts of Westminster or Dublin, or of the Court of Session in Scotland, or of the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge by any Affidavit in a summary Way that such Witness was arrested in going to, attending upon, or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or not produce the Documents being under their Power or Control "required to be produced by them, or, being sworn, shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of Queen's Bench in London or Dublin or in the Court of Session, Sheriff or Stewart Courts in Scotland, or in the Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere, respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had, after being duly summoned or subpoenaed, neglected to attend on a Trial in any Proceeding in the Court in which such Complaint shall be made: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to render an Oath necessary in any Case where by Law a solemn Affirmation may be made instead thereof.

18. After any Person subject to this Act has been found guilty of any Charge or Charges the Court before which any such Person shall have been tried, before passing Sentence on such Person, and for the Purpose only of awarding Punishment, may receive in Evidence against him any previous Convictions by Courts-martial; and in like Manner and for the like Purpose the Court may receive in Evidence any previous Conviction of any such Person, not being a Commissioned Officer, by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction; and in the Case of Convictions by Courts-martial, duly confirmed, the Court-martial Book or the Divisional or Company's Defaulters Book, and when none of those Books can conveniently be produced, a Certificate, which shall purport to contain a Copy of the Entry of such Convictions in any of such Books or any of them, and which shall be signed by the Adjutant or other Officer having the Custody of the Court-martial Book or of the Defaulters Book of the Division or Company to which the Prisoner belongs, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in any such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender; and in the Case of a Conviction by a Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, any Certificate transmitted as herein provided to the Officer commanding by the Clerk of any such Court or other Officer having Custody of the Records of such Courts, or the Deputy of such Clerk, setting forth the Offence of which the Prisoner was convicted, together with the Judgment of the Court thereon, and purporting to be signed by such Clerk or other Officer, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or if such Certificate cannot conveniently be obtained, a Copy thereof duly certified by the Officer producing it, shall be sufficient Evidence of such last-mentioned Conviction; and it shall not be necessary to prove the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such last-mentioned Certificate, nor, if the Court be satisfied from all the Circumstances of the Case that the Prisoner under Trial is the Person mentioned in such Certificate, shall it be necessary to give other Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender: Provided always, that before any such Evidence shall be received it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that the Prisoner had

II 2 previously

Previous Convictions may be put in Evidence.

No Second Trial, but Revision allowed.

Crimes punishable with

Death.

Commutation of Death for Penal Servitude or Imprisonment, &c.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Previously to his Trial received Notice of the Intention to produce such Evidence against im; and provided also, that the Court shall in no Case award to him any other Punishment or Punishments than may by this Act and by the Articles of War be awarded for the Offence of which he shall be so found guilty.

19. No Officer or Marine who shall be acquitted or convicted of any Offence shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence; and no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof, shall be revised more than once, nor shall any additional Evidence in respect of any Charge on which the Prisoner then stands arraigned be received by the Court on any Revision.

20. If any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in any Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, or in any Place whatever, where or while being in any Circumstances in which he shall not be subjected to, or not be liable to or punishable by, the Laws relating to the Government of Her Majesty's Forces by Sea, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in Her Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall have been commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before being regularly relieved, or shall sleep on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of Her Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use or offer any Violence against his Superior Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or who being confined in a Military Prison shall offer any Violence against a Visitor or other Officer being in the Execution of his Office, or shall violate any Law or Regulation of or relating to any Military Prison; or shall desert from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence be committed within this Realm, or in any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded: Provided always, that any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine in Pay in any Division or Company who shall, without having first obtained a regular Discharge therefrom, enlist himself in any other Division or Company, may be deemed to have deserted Her Majesty's Service, and shall be liable to be punished accordingly.

21. In all Cases where the Punishment of Death shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial or by a Detachment General Court-martial it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Commanding Officer having Authority to confirm Sentence, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be kept to Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years, or to suffer such Term of Imprisonment, with or without

Hard

61

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Hard Labour and with or without Solitary Confinement, as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

22. Any Officer or Marine, or any Person employed or in any way concerned in the Embexilcment Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Stores belonging to any of Her Majesty's Forces or for Her Majesty's Use, who shall tnde, impri-embezzle, fraudulently misapply, wilfully damage, steal, or receive the same knowing them sonment, &c. to have been stolen, or shall be concerned therein or connive thereat, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, and sentenced to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Five Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment,

Dismissal from Her Majesty's Service, Reduction to the Ranks, if a Warrant or Noncommissioned Officer, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in. addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expense the Loss and Damage sustained; and in every such Case the Court is required to ascertain by Evidence the Amount of such Loss or Damage, and to declare by their Sentence that such Amount shall be made good by such Offender; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to Her Majesty, and may be recovered in any of Her Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in Her Majesty's Colonies where the Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known, or the Offender, if he shall remain in the Service, may be put under Stoppages not exceeding One Half of his Pay and Allowances until the Amount so ascertained shall be recovered.

23. Whenever Her Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Penal Servitude hereto- AxtoExecntion fore or hereafter to be passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or shall be united graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Penal Servitude any Sentence of Death Kingdom, which shall have been passed by any such Court, such Sentence, together with Her Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to any Justice of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Penal Servitude of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall do all such other Acts consequent upon such Notification as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to Penal Servitude of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom it may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience to or for interrupting the Execution of such Order, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any such Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be kept in Penal Servitude shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons under Sentence of Penal Servitude, or receiving Her Majesty's . Pardon on Condition of Penal Servitude; and from the Time when such Order of Penal Servitude shall be made every Law and Statute in force touching the Escape of Felons, or their afterwards returning or being at large without Leave, shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape, or the returning without Leave of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Penal Servitude as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of Her Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of Queen's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing

(not

As to Execution of Sentences in the Colonies.

Sentence of Penal Servitude may be commuted for Imprisonment

Of Forfeitures, when combined with Penal Servitude, Imprisonment, &c.

Disposal of Convict after Sentence of

28° VICTORIAE, c 12.

(not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or Her Majesty's Behalf, showing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before which he was convicted, the Sentence, and the Conditions on which the Order of Penal Servitude was made; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and of the Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms in which such Order for his Penal Servitude was made, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same; and it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in Ireland to make an Order that any such Offender convicted in Ireland shall be kept in Penal Servitude in England, and such Order shall be in all respects as effectual in England as though such Offender had been convicted in England, and the Order had been made by any Judge of the Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer in England.

24. Whenever any Sentence of Penal Servitude heretofore or hereafter passed upon any Offender by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, is to be carried into execution for the Term specified in such Sentence, or for any shorter Term, or when Sentence of Death passed by any such Court-martial has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Penal Servitude, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station where the Offender may come or be to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or the Chief Justice or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of Her Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Penal Servitude or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and upon any such Order being made it shall be duly notified to the Governor of the Presidency if in the East Indies, or to the Governor of the Colony if in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, or to the Person who shall for the Time being be exercising the Office of Governor of such Presidency or Colony, who on Receipt of such Notification shall cause such Offender to be removed or sent to some other Colony or Place, or to undergo his Sentence within the Presidency or Colony where the Offender was so sentenced or where he may come or be as aforesaid in obedience to the Directions for the Removal and Treatment of Convicts which shall from Time to Time be transmitted from Her Majesty through One of Her Principal Secretaries of State to such Presidency or Colony; and such Offender shall, according to such Directions, undergo the Sentence of Penal Servitude which shall have been passed upon him either in the Presidency or Colony in which he has been so sentenced or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent, and whilst such Sentence shall remain in force shall be liable to be imprisoned and kept to Hard Labour, and otherwise dealt with under such Sentence, in the same Manner as if he had been sentenced to be imprisoned with Hard Labour during the Term of his Penal Servitude by the Judgment of a Court of competent Jurisdiction in such Presidency or Colony or in the Colony or Place to which he has been so removed or sent respectively.

25. In any Case where a Sentence of Penal Servitude shall have been awarded by a General or Detachment General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order that the Offender be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, for such Term not exceeding Four Years as shall seem meet to Her Majesty or to the Officer commanding as aforesaid.

26. Where an Award of any Forfeiture, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay shall have been added to any Sentence of Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or, if in any Place out of the United Kingdom or British Isles, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Forces there serving, in the event of the Sentence being commuted for Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

27# When any Sentence of Death shall be commuted for Penal Servitude, or when any Marine shall by Court-martial be adjudged to Penal Servitude as authorized by this Act, it

shall

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Division to which such Marine shall have belonged or may belong to cause him to be detained and conveyed to any Gaol or Prison, there to remain in safe Custody until he shall be removed therefrom by due Authority under an Order for his Penal Servitude to be made by some Justice of the Queen's Bench or Common Pleas or Baron of the Exchequer as aforesaid; and that a Certificate of his Sentence, after the same shall have been approved by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, (such Certificate to be signed by the Commanding Officer of the Division from which he shall be sent), shall be a sufficient Order, Requisition, and Authority to the Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent of the Gaol or Prison to receive and detain him: Provided always, that in case of any such Offender being so conveyed to Gaol or Prison the usual Allowance of Sixpence per Diem, or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, shall be made to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison for the Subsistence of such Offender during his Detention therein, which Allowance shall be paid by the Paymaster of the Division, upon Production to him, by the said Governor, Keeper, or Superintendent, of a Declaration, to be made by him before One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of such County, of the Number of Days during which the Offender shall have been so detained and subsisted in such Gaol or Prison,

28. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Desertion or for disgraceful Conduct, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; but no Sentence of Corporal Punishment awarded by a Divisional Court-martial shall, except in the Case of Mutiny or gross Insubordination, be put in execution in Time of Peace without the Leave in Writing of the Officer commanding the District or Station in which the Court may be held, and no Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall exceed Fifty Lashes.

29. It shall be lawful for any General, District, or Garrison Court-martial to award Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, such Confinement not exceeding the Periods prescribed herein-after or by the Articles of War, and in case of a Marine in addition to Corporal Punishment.

30. In all Cases in which Corporal Punishment shall form the whole or Part of the Sentence awarded by any Court-martial, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or for the Officer authorized to confirm the Sentences of Courts-martial, to commute such Corporal Punishment to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or to mitigate such Sentence, or instead of such Sentence to award Imprisonment, for any Period not exceeding Twenty Days, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, and Corporal Punishment, to be inflicted in the Prison, not exceeding Twenty-five Lashes, and the Solitary Confinement herein-before mentioned shall in no Case exceed Seven Days at a Time, with Intervals of not less than Seven Days between each Period of such Confinement.

3L It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Army or Regimental Rank, or both, as may be deemed expedient.

32. Any General Court-martial may, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, or to Forfeiture of such Advantage absolutely, whether it might have accrued from past Service, or might accrue from future Service, or to Forfeiture of any Annuity and Medal which may have been granted for former meritorious Service, or of the Gratuity and Medal awarded for former Good Conduct, and of all Medals and Decorations, according to the Nature of the Case; and any District or Garrison Court-

martial

63

Penal Servitude.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment in certain Cases.

Power to inflict Corporal Punishment and Imprisonment.

Power to commute Corporal Punishment.

Power to commute a Sentence of cashiering.

Forfeiture of Pay and Pension by Sentence of Court-martial.

64 28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

martial may also, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award, sentence any Offender to such Forfeiture for Desertion, or for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service: In wilfully doing any Act, or wilfully disobeying any Orders, whether in Hospital or otherwise, thereby producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or delaying his Cure:

In malingering or feigning Disease:

In tampering with his Eyes, with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service:

In stealing or embezzling Government Property or Stores, or in receiving the same knowing the same to have been stolen:

In stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Marine Officer, or of any Marine Mess or Band, or in receiving any such Money or Goods knowing the same to have been stolen:

In making any false or fraudulent Accounts, Returns, Matters, or Entries, or assisting or conniving at the same being made, or producing the same as true, knowing the same to be false or fraudulent:

In stealing or embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or in committing any other Offence of a felonious or fraudulent Nature, to the Injury of, or with Intent to injure, any Person, Civil, Marine, or Military:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, or unnatural Kind.

Forfeiture of Pay on Conviction of Desertion or Felony.

33. Every Marine who shall be found guilty by a Court-martial of Desertion, of wilfully maiming or injuring himself or any other Marine, whether at the Instance of such other Marine or not, or of causing himself to be maimed or injured by any other Person, with Intent thereby to render himself or such other Marine unfit for Service, of tampering with his Eyes with Intent thereby to render himself unfit for Service, such Finding having been confirmed, or found guilty by a Jury of Felony in any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction in England or Ireland, or of any Crime or Offence in any Court of Criminal Judicature in any Part of the United Kingdom, or in any Dominion, Territory, Colony, Settlement, or Island belonging to or occupied by Her Majesty out of the United Kingdom, which would, if committed in England, amount to Felony, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, Good-conduct Pay, and to Pension on Discharge which might have otherwise accrued from the Length of his former Service, in addition to any Punishment which such Court may award; and every Marine who may be so convicted, or who may be sentenced to Penal Servitude, or discharged with Ignominy, shall thereupon likewise forfeit all Medals which he may be in possession of, whether for Sea or Field Service or for Good Conduct, together with any Annuity or Pension or Gratuity, if any, thereto appertaining; and any Serjeant reduced to the Ranks by Sentence of Court-martial may, by the Order of the same Court, be made to forfeit any Annuity or Pension and Medal for meritorious Service, or any or either of them, which may have been conferred upon him.

Forfeiture of Pay when in Confinement;

34. If any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, by reason of his Imprisonment, whether under Sentence of a Court-martial or of any other Court duly authorized to pass such Sentence, or by reason of his Confinement for Debt, or by reason of his Desertion, or, being an Apprentice, by reason of his being allowed to serve out his Time with his Master, shall have been absent from his Duty during any Portion of the Time limited by his Enlistment or Re-engagement or Prolongation of Service, as herein-after provided, such Portion of his Time shall not be reckoned as a Part of the limited Service for which such

or daring Absence on Commitment under Charge, or in arrest for flebt;

or when Prisoner of War;

Non-commissioned Officer or Marine was enlisted or re-engaged, or for which his Time of Service may have been prolonged; and no Marine shall be entitled to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, when in Confinement under a Sentence of any Court, or during any Absence from Duty by Commitment or Confinement as a Deserter by Confession or under any Charge of which he shall be afterwards convicted, either by Court-martial or by any Court of ordinary Criminal Jurisdiction, or whilst in Confinement for Debt; and when any Marine shall be absent as a Prisoner of War he shall not be entitled

to

65

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

to Pay, or to reckon Service towards Pay or Pension, for the Period of such Absence, but upon rejoining Her Majesty's Service due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Marine was taken Prisoner through wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, or that he had served with or under, or in some Manner aided, the Enemy, or that he had not returned as soon as possible to Her Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay, or a Proportion thereof, and to reckon Service during his Absence; and any Marine who shall be convicted of Desertion, or of or when con-Absence without Leave, shall, in addition to any Punishment awarded by the Court, forfeit ^Sence his Pay for the Day or Days during which he was in a State of Desertion, or (during his without Leave; Absence without Leave; and if any Marine shall absent himself without Leave for any or when absent Period, and shall not account for the same to the Satisfaction of the Commanding Officer, without Leave, or if any Marine shall be guilty of any other Offence which the Commanding Officer may not think necessary to bring before a Court-martial, the Commanding Officer may, in addition to any minor Punishment he is authorized to award, order that such Marine shall be imprisoned for such Period not exceeding One hundred and sixty-eight Hours, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, as the said Commanding Officer may think fit, and such Marine shall forfeit his Pay for any Day or Days on which he may be bo imprisoned; and the said Commanding Officer may moreover order that in addition to or instead of such Imprisonment and Forfeiture, or any other Punishment which he has Authority to inflict, any Marine who shall have so absented himself as aforesaid shall forfeit his Pay for the Day or Days during which he shall have so absented himself; and in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, the Pay of the Marine shall be accordingly forfeited: Provided always, that such Marine shall not be liable to be afterwards tried by a Court-martial for any Offence for which he shall have been so punished, ordered to suffer Imprisonment, Punishment, or Forfeiture as last aforesaid: Provided also, that any Marine who shall be so ordered to suffer Imprisonment or Forfeiture of Pay shall, if he so request, have a Bight to be tried by a Court-martial for his Offence, instead of submitting to such Imprisonment or Forfeiture: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to order or withhold the Payment of the whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Marine during the Period of Absence by any of the Causes aforesaid.

85. Any General, Garrison, or District Court-martial before which any Marine shall be Forfeiture of convicted of habitual Drunkenness shall deprive such Marine of such Portion of his Pay for foryhabitu^UOr such Period not exceeding Two Years, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as Drunkenness, may accord with the Articles of War to be made in pursuance of this Act, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and every Divisional or Detachment Court-martial shall deprive a Marine convicted of a Charge of habitual Drunkenness of such Portion of his additional or regular Pay for such Period not exceeding Six Months, and under such Restrictions and Regulations as may accord with the said Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to such Deprivation of Pay the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to any other Punishment whatsoever which the Court may be competent to award: Provided that a Marine so sentenced to the Forfeiture of Pay who shall be quartered or removed to a Station where Liquor forms a Part of his Ration, and is issued in Kind, shall be deprived of his Liquor in Kind, instead of being deprived of One Penny of his daily Pay, for so long a Time as he shall remain in such Station, and such Sentence of Forfeiture of Pay shall remain in force.

36. Any Court-martial may sentence any Marine for being drunk on Duty under Arms Forfeiture of to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Sixty Days, and J

for being drunk when on any Duty not under Arms, or for Duty or on Parade or on the Duty.

Line of March, to be deprived of a Penny a Day of his Pay for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and such Deprivation may in either Case be in addition to any other Punishment whatsoever which such Court may award.

28 Vict. I 37. In

66

Stoppages.

Discharge wil Ignominy.

Marking Deserters Or Marines discharged with Ignominy.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

87. In addition to any other Punishment which the Court may award, a Court-martial may further direot that any Offender may be put under Stoppages until he shall bare made good —

Any Bounty fraudulently obtained by him by Desertion from his Corps and enlisting in some other Corps or in the Militia:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Damage occasioned by him in any of the Instances of disgraceful Conduct herein specified:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, any Property whatsoever, occasioned by his wilful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to, his Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, or any extra Article of Clothing or Equipment that he may have been put in possession of and ordered to wear on the [Recommendation of the Surgeon for the Benefit of his Health, or making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration for Service or for general Good Conduct which may have been granted to him by Order of Her Majesty or by Order of the East India Company, or any Medal or Decoration which may have been granted to him by any Foreign Power, or any Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury. to the Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries of any Officer or Marine, occasioned by his witful or negligent Misconduct:

Any Expense necessarily incurred by his Drunkenness or other Misconduct:

Provided always, that, except in the Case of the Loss, Disposal of, or Destruction of, or Damage or Injury to Arms, Clothing, Instruments, Equipments, Accoutrements, or Necessaries, in which Case the Court may by its Sentence direct that the said Stoppages shall continue till the Cost of replacing or repairing the same be made good, the Amount of any Loss, Disposal, Destruction, Damage or Injury, or Expense, shall be ascertained by Evidence, and the Offender shall be placed under Stoppages for such an Amount only as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court: Provided also, that when an Offender is put under Stoppages for making away with or pawning any Medal or Decoration, the Amount shall be credited to the Public, but the Medal or Decoration in question shall not be replaced, except under special Circumstances, to be determined by the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: Provided also, that so much only of the Pay of the Marine may be stopped and applied as shall, after satisfying the Charges for Messing and Washing, leave him a Residue at the least of One Penny a Day.

38. Whenever any Marine shall have been convicted of Desertion or of any such disgraceful Conduct as is herein-before described, and the Court in respect of such disgraceful Conduct shall have made the Forfeiture of all Claim to Pension on Discharge a Part of the Sentence passed on such Marine, such Court may further recommend that he be discharged with Ignominy from Her Majesty's Service: Provided always, where an Award of any of the Forfeitures herein-before mentioned, or of Deprivation of Pay, or of Stoppages of Pay, shall have been added to a Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or, if in the JEast Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief Her Majesty's Land Forces in India, in the event of the Sentence of Transportation or Penal Servitude being commuted to Imprisonment, to order such Award of Forfeiture, Deprivation of Pay, or Stoppages of Pay to be enforced, mitigated, or remitted as may be deemed expedient.

89. On the first and on every subsequent Conviction for Desertion the Court-martial, in addition to any other Punishment, mdy order the Offender to be marked. Two Inches below and One Inch in rear of the Nipple of the Left Breast, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder or other Preparation, so as to be clearly seen and not liable to be obliterated; a Court-martial recommending that an Offender be discharged with Ignominy may also recommend

67

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

that he be marked on the Sight Breast with the Letters B.C., and such .Recommendation may legally be carried into effect by the proper Authorities.

40. A General or District or Garrison Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Power of Im-Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, and may also direct that such Offender shall be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, of ° in no Case exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, nor Eighty-four Days in any One Year, martial, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than s

such Periods; and when the Imprisonment awarded shall exceed Three Months, the Court-martial shall imperatively order that the Solitary Confinement shall not exceed Seven Days in any One Month of the whole Imprisonment awarded, with Intervals between the Periods of Solitary Confinement of not less Duration than such Periods; and any Divisional or Detachment Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without Hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Forty-two Days, and may also direct that such Marine be kept in Solitary Confinement for any Portion or Portions of such Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days at a Time, with Intervals between them of not less Duration than such Periods of Solitary Confinement: Provided always, that when any Court-martial, whether General, Garrison, or District, or Divisional or Detachment, shall direct that the Imprisonment shall be Solitary Confinement only, or when any Sentence of Corporal Punishment shall have been commuted to Imprisonment only, the Period of such Solitary Confinement shall in no Case exceed Fourteen Days.

41. Whenever Sentence shall be passed by a Court-martial on an Offender already ^P°nment under Sentence, either of Imprisonment or of Penal Servitude, the Court may award ^under Sentence of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude for the Offence for which he is under Trial to Sentence, commence at the Expiration of the Imprisonment or Penal Servitude to which he shall have been so previously sentenced, although the aggregate of the Terms of Imprisonment or Penal Servitude respectively may exceed the Term for which either of those Punishments could be otherwise awarded.

42. Save as herein specially provided, every Term of Penal Servitude or Imprisonment Term and under the Sentence of a Court-martial, whether original or revised, shall be reckoned as commencing on the Day on which the original Sentence and Proceedings shall be signed by the President; and the Place of Imprisonment under the Sentences of Courts-martial shall be appointed by the Court or the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Commanding Officer of the Division to which the Offender belongs or is attached, or the Officer commanding the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony.

43. In the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under Sentence of a Court- Proviso for martial, or as Part of commuted Punishment, in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction or elsewhere, in any Part of the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, in all Cases, or for the Officer who confirmed the Proceedings of the Court, or the Officer commanding the Division or the District or Garrison in which such Prisoner may be, to give, as often as Occasion may arise, an Order in Writing directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in the United Kingdom, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose of being brought before a Court-martial either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners, or for the Officer commanding the Royal Marines there serving, in the Case of any such Prisoner, to give as often as Occasion may arise an Order in Writing, directing that the Prisoner be discharged, or be delivered over to Military or other Custody, whether for the Purpose of being removed to some other Prison or Place in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, there to undergo the Remainder or any Part of his Sentence, or for the Purpose

I 2 of

Custody of Prisoners under Military Sentence in Common Gaols.

Subsistence of Prisoners in Common Gaols.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

of being brought before a Court-martial, either as a Witness or for Trial; and in the Case of any Prisoner who shall be removed by any such Order from any such Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction, either within the United Kingdom or elsewhere, to some other Prison or Place, either in the United Kingdom or elsewhere, the Officer or Authorities who gave such Order shall also give an Order in Writing directing the Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of such other Prison or Place to receive such Prisoner into his Custody, and specifying the Offence of which such Prisoner shall have been convicted, and the Sentence of the Court, and the Period of Imprisonment which he is to undergo, and the Day and the Hour on which he is to be released; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be duly discharged or delivered over to Military or other Custody before the Expiration of that Time under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and in the Case of a Prisoner undergoing Imprisonment under the Sentence of a Court-martial in any Military Prison in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, the Secretary of State for War, or any Person duly authorized by him in that Behalf, shall have the like Powers in regard to the Discharge and Delivery over of such Prisoners to Military or other Custody as may be lawfully exercised by any of the Authorities above mentioned in respect of any Prisoners undergoing Confinement as aforesaid in any public Prison other than a Military Prison, or in any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions; and such Prisoner in any of the Cases herein-before mentioned shall accordingly, on the Production of any such Order as is herein-before mentioned, be discharged or delivered over, as the Case may be: Provided always, that the Time during which any Prisoner under Sentence of Imprisonment by a Court-martial shall be detained in such Military or other Custody under such Order as aforesaid shall be reckoned as Imprisonment under the Sentence, for whatever Purpose such Detention shall take place, and such Prisoner may during such Time, either when on board Ship or otherwise, be subjected to such Restraint as is necessary for his Detention and Removal.

44. Every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, or of any Gaol or House of Correction in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall receive into his Custody any Military Offender under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court-martial, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or from the Officer commanding the Division or Detachment to which the Offender belongs or did last belong or is attached, which Order shall specify the Period of Imprisonment or Remainder of Imprisonment which the Offender is to undergo, and the Day and Hour of the Day on which he is to be released or be otherwise disposed of; and such Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper shall keep such Offender in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged or delivered over to Military Custody before the Expiration of that Time, under an Order duly made for that Purpose; and whenever Marines are called out in aid of the Civil Power, or are stationed in Billets, or are on the Line of March, every Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lockup House, or other Place of Confinement, shall receive into his Custody any Marine for a Period not exceeding Seven Days, upon Delivery to him of an Order in Writing in that Behalf from the Officer commanding such Marine; and any Governor, Provost Marshal, Gaoler, or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement, who shall refuse to receive and to confine, or to discharge or deliver over, any Marine Offender in the Manner herein prescribed, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

45. The Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Marine imprisoned therein under the Sentence of a Court-martial or as a Deserter with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of such Place of

Confinement,

69

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Confinement, and shall receive on account of every Marine during the Period of his Imprisonment Sixpence per Diem or such other Sum as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may at any Time or Times direct, which the Secretary of the Admiralty shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem9 or such other Sum as aforesaid, shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expense of such Place of Confinement is defrayed.

46. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, or other Notice to be Place of Confinement, to whom any Notice shall have been given, or who shall have Season g£^onf5lm-to know or believe that any Person in his Custody for any Debt or Contempt, or upon any prisonment in Charge or for any Offence, civil, criminal, or military, is a Marine, shall on receiving him Common Gaols, into Custody give Notice thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and also, previous to

the Expiration of the Period of the Confinement or Imprisonment of such Marine, give to the Secretary of the Admiralty One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Confinement or Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, specifying the Day and Hour of the Day on and at which he i3 to be released; and for every Default of giving either or any of such Notices such Gaoler or Person shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and moreover, every Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid shall, as soon as any such Marine shall be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey and safely and securely deliver every such Marine either unto the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines or to the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may happen to belong, unless the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under the Hand of the Secretary of the Admiralty, or the Officer commanding at the nearest Head Quarters of the Royal Marines, or the Officer commanding Her Majesty's Ship to which any such Marine may belong, shall, by Writing under his Hand, direct that such Marine be -delivered to some other Officer or Person, in which Case he shall be delivered to such other Officer or Person accordingly, and the Officer or Person to whom such Marine shall be so delivered in accordance with this Act shall thereupon give to such Gaoler or Person delivering up such Marine a Certificate, directed to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying the Receipt of such Marine, and if such Gaoler or other Person as aforesaid has conducted or conveyed any such Marine specifying the Place from and to which he shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and such Gaoler or Person who shall have so conducted, conveyed, and delivered any such Marine shall, upon the Production of such Certificate, be entitled to receive of and from the Accountant General of Her Majesty's Navy the Sum of One Shilling per Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying, and delivering any such Marine as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler or other Person having such immediate Inspection as aforesaid who shall not safely and securely conduct, convey, or deliver any such Marine as aforesaid shall for every such Misconduct or Olfence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds. In all Cases where the Marine in Custody is under Sentence to be discharged from the Service on the Completion of his Term of Imprisonment, and the Discharge Document is in the Hands of the Gaoler, such Gaoler shall not be required to make any Report thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty or to the Deputy Adjutant General of Marines.

47. Every Military Prison which shall be established under or by virtue of any Act for Military Pri-punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their wns established Quarters, shall be deemed to be public Prisons within the Meaning of any Act now in force

or hereafter to be in force for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and Mutiny and any Officer or Marine convicted by a Court-martial may be sent, by Order of the Com- Desertion in missioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to any such Military Prison, deemedpublic there to undergo such Punishment as may be awarded by the Sentence passed upon him, or Prisons, until he be discharged or delivered up by an Order, as in the Case of a Discharge or Removal from any other Prison under this Act.

48. Musters,

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters.

Verifying of Muster Rolls.

Trials for Desertion after subsequent Reenlistment.

Apprehension of Deserters.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

48. Musters, as have been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed; and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from any such Muster, unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to Her Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given auy untrue Certificate thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or who shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be sentenced to be cashiered: Provided that it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, in all Cases whatsoever, instead of causing a Sentence of cashiering to be put in execution, to order the Offender to be reprimanded, or, in addition thereto, to suffer such Loss of Rank as may be deemed expedient; and any Person who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belongs to Her Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to Her Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby Her Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

49. All Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

50. Every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, although he may of right belong to another Corps, and be a Deserter therefrom; and whether such Marine shall be tried for deserting from the Corps to which he may of right belong, or from the Corps into which he may have unlawfully enlisted, or for any other Desertion, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he may at the Time be taking his Trial may, if duly stated in the Chargee, be given in Evidence against him on such Trial.

51. Upon reasonable Suspicion that a Person is a Deserter it shall be lawful for any Constable, or if no Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Marine or Soldier in Her Majesty's Service, or other Person, to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such suspected Person, and forthwith to bring him or cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near the Place where he was so apprehended, and acting for the County or Borough wherein such Place is situate, or for the County adjoining such first-mentioned County or such Borough; and such Justice is hereby authorized and required to inquire whether such suspected Person is a Deserter, and from Time to Time to defer the said Inquiry, and to remand the said suspected Person, in the Manner prescribed by an Act passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-two, Section Twenty-one, and subject to every Provision therein contained; and if it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, by the Testimony of One or more Witnesses taken upon Oath, or by the Confession of such suspected Person, confirmed by some corroborative Evidence upon Oath or by the Knowledge of such Justice, that such suspected Person is a Deserter, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed in Civil Custody to the Head Quarters or Dep6t of the Division to which he belongs, if stationed within a convenient and easily accessible Distance from the Place of Commitment, or if not so stationed then to the nearest or most convenient public Prison (other than a Military Prison) or Police Station legally provided as the Lock-up House for temporary Confinement of Persons taken into Custody, whether such Prison or Police Station be in the County or Borough in which such suspected Person was apprehended or in which he was committed, or not; or if the Deserter has been apprehended by a

Party

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12. 71

Party of Marines in charge of a Commissioned Officer, such Justice may deliver him up to such Party, unless the Officer shall deem it necessary to have the Deserter committed to Prison for safe Custody; and such Justice shall transmit an Account of the Proceedings, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, specifying thereon whether such Deserter was delivered to a Party of Marines in order to his being taken to the Head Quarters or Depot of his Division, or whether such Deserter was committed to Prison, to the end that the Person so committed may be removed by an Order from the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or Deputy Adjutant General of Royal Marines, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Report stating the Names of the Persons by whom or by or through whose Means the Deserter was apprehended and secured, and the Secretary of the Admiralty shall transmit to such Justice an Order upon the proper Department for the Payment of the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Person so certified to be entitled thereto; and for such Information, Commitment, and Report as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Justice shall be entitled to a Fee of Two Shillings and no more; and every Gaoler and other Person into whose Custody any Person charged with Desertion is committed shall, immediately upon the Receipt of the Person so charged into his Custody, pay such Fee of Two Shillings, and also, upon the Production of a Receipt from the Medical Practitioner who may have been required to examine such suspected Person, a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and shall notify the Fact to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and transmit also to the Secretary of the Admiralty a Copy of the Commitment, to the end that the Secretary of the Admiralty may order Repayment of such Fees; and that when any Person shall be apprehended and committed as a Deserter in any such Foreign Dominions, the Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison, if the Detachment to which he is suspected to belong shall not be in such Part, or if the Detachment be in such Part, the Justice may deliver him into Custody at the nearest Military Post, although the Detachment to which such Person is suspected to belong may not be stationed at such Military Post, if within reasonable Distance; and such Justice shall in every Case transmit to the Officer commanding a Description Return in the Form prescribed in the Schedule to this Act annexed, to the end that such Person may be removed by the Order of such Officer, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Description Return, purporting to be duly made and subscribed in accordance with the Act, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Facts and Matters therein stated: Provided always, Transfer of that any such Person so committed as a Deserter in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions Deserters, shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after contained, be liable to be transferred, by Order of the Colonel Commandant or other Officer commanding, to serve in any Division, Corps,

Detachment, or Party nearest to the Place where he shall have been apprehended, or to any other Division, Corps, Detachment, or Party to which the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral may deem it desirable that he should be transferred, and shall also be liable after such Transfer of Service to be tried and punished as a Deserter.

52. For and in respect of any Marine attempting to desert from any Head Quarters, penalty on the Party or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Marines &t-Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine, which Sum of Ten from Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence Head Quarters, of every such Marine.

58. Every Gaoler or Keeper of any public Prison, Gaol, House of Correction, Lock-up Temporary House, or other Place of Confinement in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, is hereby Custody of required to receive and confine therein every Deserter who shall be delivered into his ln

Custody by any Marine or other Person conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Admiralty, which Order shall continue in force until the Deserter shall have arrived at his Destination; and such Gaoler or Keeper shall be

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 96.

Punishment for inducing Marines to desert.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners.

54. Any Person who, while serving in Her Majesty's Navy or in any of Her Majesty's Forces, or the Embodied Militia, shall to any Officer, or Subordinate, Warrant, Petty, or Non-commissioned Officer, fraudulently confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall be liable to be tried by any Court-martial under this Act, and punished according to the Sentence thereof; and any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as and confess himself to be a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall in the Presence of the Justice confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; or in case such Person shall not be a Deserter from the Royal Marine Forces, or shall have been discharged therefrom or from any other Corps for any Cause whatever, or shall be incapable of Service, he shall, on Conviction thereof before Two Justices of the Peace at or near the Place where he shall deliver himself up or confess, or where he may at any Time happen to be, be adjudged to be punished, if in England, as a Rogue and Vagabond, and if elsewhere, by Commitment to some Prison or House of Correction, there to be kept to Hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England or Ireland, of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to Larceny and other similar Offences, or, if in Scotland, shall be deemed guilty of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition; and every Person so deemed to be guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, or of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, (as the Case may be,) shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence, or of the Falsehood, Fraud, and Imposition, (as the Case may be,) and of the obtaining Money to the Amount of the Value of such Subsistence, and the Value of such Subsistence so obtained may be charged in the Indictment as so much Money received by such Person; and in case such Person shall have been previously convicted of the like Offence, or shall have been summarily convicted and punished in England as a Rogue and Vagabond, or in Scotland or Ireland by Commitment, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, such former Conviction may be alleged in the Indictment, and may be proved upon the Trial of such Person; and in such Indictment for a Second Offence it shall be sufficient to state that the Offender was at a certain Time and Place convicted of obtaining Money under false Pretences as a Deserter, for making a fraudulent Confession of Desertion, without otherwise describing the said Offence; and a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction of the former Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Record of the Court where the Offender was first convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk, or by the Clerk of the convicting Magistrates, shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person of the Offender, be sufficient Evidence of the First Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed such Certificate; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with by all Justices and Gaolers as a Deserter.

55. Any Person who shall, in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, by Words or by any other Means whatsoever, directly or indirectly procure or persuade any Marine to desert, or shall by Words or by any other Means whatsoever attempt to procure or persuade any Marine to desert, and any Person who, knowing that any Marine is about to desert, shall aid or assist him in deserting, or, knowing any Marine to be a Deserter, shall conceal such Deserter, or aid or assist such Deserter in concealing himself, or aid or assist in his Rescue, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall, on Conviction thereof l>efore

any

73

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

any Two Justices acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Offender shall at any Time happen to be, be liable to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justices shall think fit

56. When there shall not be any Officer of Her Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of Extension of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convene nt Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine, not borne on the ° 10 ' Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships or Vessels in Commission as aforesaid, and who shall be on Furlough, shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary an Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall De satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment according to the Provisions of this Act for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so' extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

57. Any Person enlisted into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces as a Marine, or who Marines liable has received Marine Enlistment Money, shall be liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's *> taken Service only by Process or Execution on account of any Charge of Felony, or on account Mriest?srSer-of Misdemeanor or of any Crime or Offence other than the Misdemeanor of refusing to vice oidj for comply with an Order of Justices for the Payment of Money, or on account of an original Felony and Debt proved by Affidavit of the Plaintiff or of some one on his Behalf to amount to the

Value of Thirty Pounds at the least over and above all Costs of Suit, such Affidavit to be or for Debts sworn, without Payment of any Fee, before some Judge of the Court out of which Process amounting to or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Court, up '

of which Affidavit, when duly filed in such Court, a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, stating the Fact sworn to, and the Day of filing such Affidavit; but no Marine or other Person as aforesaid shall be liable by any Process but not liable whatever to appear before any Justice of the Peace or other Authority whatsoever, or to be to be taken taken out of Her Majesty's Service by any Writ, Summons, Order, Warrant, Judgment,

Execution, or any Process whatever issued by or by the Authority of any Court of Law, vice for Debts or any Magistrate, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any other Authority whatsoever, for under 30£, or-any original Debt not amounting to Thirty Pounds, or for not supporting or maintaining, or for not having supported or maintained, or for leaving or having left chargeable to any Families, or for Parish, Township, or Place, or to the Common Fund of any Union, any Relation or Child Breach of Con-which such Marine or Person might, if not in Her Majesty's Service, be compellable by tract>

Law to relieve or maintain, or for neglecting to pay to the Mother of any Bastard Child, or to any Person who may have been appointed to have the Custody of such Child, any Sum to be paid in pursuance of an Order in that Behalf, or for the Breach of any Contract,

Covenant, Agreement, or other Engagement whatever, by Parol or in Writing, or for having left or deserted his Employer or Master, or his Contract, Work, or Labour; and all Summonses, Warrants, Commitments, Indictments, Convictions, Judgments, and Sentences, on account of any of the Matters for which it is herein declared that a Marine is not liable to be taken out of Her Majesty's Service, shall be utterly illegal, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and any Judge of any such Court may examine into any Complaint made by a Marine or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Marine, without Fee, he being shown to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonalne Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complainant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid, or a Writ of Habeas corpus ad subjiciendum shall be awarded or 28 Vict. K issued,

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Officers not to be Sheriffs, Mayors, &c.

Questions to be put to Recruits on enlisting.

Recruits when deemed to be enlisted.

When Recruits to be taken before a Justice.

Dissent and Relief fVom Enlistment.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

issued, and the Discharge of any such Marine out of Custody shall be ordered thereupon; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Marine or left at his last Quarters, may proceed in any Action or Suit to Judgment, and have Execution other than against the Body or Marine Necessaries or Equipments of such Marine: Provided also, that nothing herein contained relating to the leaving or deserting a Master or Employer, or to the Breach of any Contract, Agreement, or Engagement, shall apply to Persons who shall be really and bon&Jide Apprentices, duly bound under the Age of Twenty-one Years, as herein prescribed.

58. No Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law shall be deemed liable to have any Parish poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

59. No Person who shall be commissioned and in Full Pay as an Officer in the Royal Marine Forces, or who* shall be employed in enlisting for such Forces, shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be Sheriff, and no such Officer and no Non-commissioned Officer of such Forces shall be capable of being nominated or elected to be a Constable, or Overseer, Guardian of any Union, or any Officer of a like Description, of any County, Hundred, Riding, City, Borough, Town, Division, Parish, or other Place, or to be Mayor, Portreeve, Alderman, or to hold any Office in any Municipal Corporation in any City, Borough, or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, or be summoned or shall serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon any Inquest, and any Summons for him to attend to serve as a Grand or Petit or other Juror or upon an Inquest shall be null and void; and every such Person is hereby exempted from Attendance and Service in accordance with any such Summons, and from all Fines, Pains, and Penalties for or in consequence of not attending or serving as aforesaid.

60. Every Person authorized to enlist Recruits for the Royal Marines shall first ask the Person offering to enlist whether he belongs to the Militia, and also such other Questions as the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners may direct to be put to Recruits, and shall, immediately after giving him Enlisting Money, serve him with a Notice in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

61. Every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money in manner aforesaid shall upon such Receipt be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billeted.

62. Every Person so enlisted as aforesaid shall, within Ninety*six Hours (any intervening Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good Friday not included), but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlistment, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service, before a Justice of the Peace, not being an Officer of the Marines, in order that he may be attested by making the Declaration and taking the Oath herein-after mentioned, or may have an Opportunity of objecting to his Enlistment; and previously to such Appearance, some Person employed in the Recruiting Service shall fill up the Declaration set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, first asking the Recruit the Questions that are requisite for that Purpose, and cautioning him that if he should make any wilfully false Answer thereto he will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and a Vagabond.

63. When a Recruit, upon appearing before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, shall dissent from or object to his Enlistment, and shall satisfy the Justice that the same was effected in any respect irregularly, he shall forthwith discharge the Recruit absolutely, and shall report such Discharge to the Commandant of the Division for which the Marine shall have enlisted; but if the Recruit so dissenting shall not allege or shall not satisfy the Justice that the Enlistment was effected irregularly, nevertheless, upon Repayment of the Enlisting Money and of any Sum received by him in respect of Pay, and of a further Sum of Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, he shall be entitled to be discharged; and the Sum paid by guch Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and, after deducting therefrom One Shilling as the Fee for reporting the Payment to the Secretary of the Admiralty and to the said Commandant, shall be paid over to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party who may demand the same; and the Justice who shall discharge any

75

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Recruit shall, in every Case, give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

64. If the Recruit on appearing before a Justice shall not dissent from his Enlistment, or dissenting shall within Twenty-four Hours return and declare that he is unable to pay the Sums mentioned in the last Section, the Justice shall require him to make the Declaration herein-before mentioned in the usual Manner, and shall then administer to him the Oath of Allegiance in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and when the Recruit shall have signed the said Declaration and taken the Oath, the Justice shall attest the same by his Signature, and shall deliver to the Recruiting Officer the Declaration so signed and attested, and the Fee for such Attestation, including the Declaration and Oath, shall be One Shilling and no more; and any Recruit shall, if he so wish, be furnished with a certified Copy of the above-mentioned Declaration by the Officer who finally approved of him for the Service.

65. No Recruit, unless he shall have been attested or shall have received Pay other than Enlisting Money, shall be liable to be tried by Court-martial; but if any Recruit, previously to his being attested, shall by means of any false Answer obtain Enlistment Money, or shall make any false Statement in his Declaration, or shall refuse to answer any Question duly authorized to be put to Recruits for the Purpose of filling up such Declaration, or shall refuse or neglect to go before a Justice for the Purposes aforesaid, or having dissented from his Enlistment shall wilfully omit to return and pay such Money as aforesaid, in any of such Cases it shall be lawful for any Two Justices within the United Kingdom, or for any One Justice out of the United Kingdom, acting for the County, District, City, Burgh, or Place where any such Recruit shall at any Time happen to be, when he shall be brought before them or him, if in England, to adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to be punished accordingly, and if in Scotland or Ireland, or elsewhere in Her Majesty's Dominions, to be imprisoned with Hard Labour in any Prison or House of Correction for any Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months; and the Declaration made by the Recruit on his Attestation, purporting to be made and subscribed in accordance with the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall, in the Absence of Proof to the contrary, be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Recruit having represented the several Particulars as stated in such Declaration; and any Marine who shall have given any false Answer at the Time of or relative to his becoming a Marine shall forfeit all Pay, Wages, and other Monies, be the same Naval, Marine, or otherwise, which he might otherwise have been entitled to for any Period of Service in the Royal Marines.

66. Any Recruit who shall have been attested, and who shall afterwards be discovered to have given any wilfully false Answer to any Question directed to be put to Recruits, or shall have made any wilfully false Statement in the Declaration herein-before mentioned, shall be liable, at the Discretion of the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners to be proceeded against before Two Justices in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and by them sentenced accordingly, or to be tried by a District or Garrison Court-martial for the same, and punished in such Manner as such Court shall direct.

67. If any Recruit shall abscond, so that it is not possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice for Attestation, the Recruiting Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for that Purpose a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence, and Description of such Recruit, and of his having absconded, and shall declare the same to be true, and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty in order that the same may appear in the Police Gazette.

68. If any Man while belonging to a Militia Regiment shall enlist in and be attested for Her Majesty's Royal Marines, he shall be liable to be tried before a Court-martial on a Charge for Desertion; but it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State for War, on the Confession thereof by such Militiaman or on other Proof thereof, to order that in lieu of his being so tried he shall be subjected to a Stoppage of One Penny a Day of his Pay for Eighteen Calendar Months, to be applied as the Secretary of State for War shall direct,


Attesting of Recruits.

Recruits until they have been attested or received Pay not triable by Court-martial, but in certain Cases punishable as Rogues and Vagabonds.

Attested Recruits triable in some Cases either before Two Justices or before a Court-martial.

Recruits

absconding.

As to Militiamen enlisting into Regular Forces.

Volunteer Permanent Staff Officers enlisting into Regular Forces.

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment.

As to Re-enlistment abroad.

Apprentices enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of their Apprentice-

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

and further to determine whether such Man shall be returned to his Militia Regiment after such Sum shall have been made good, or shall be deemed to be a Marine in the same Manner as he would have been if he had not been a Militiaman at the Time of his Attestation, in which latter Case his Service as a Marine shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Day on which his Engagement for the Militia would have expired.

69. If any Non-commissioned Officer of the Volunteer Permanent Staff shall enlist into the Royal Marines, he may be tried and punished as a Deserter, but if he confesses his Desertion the Secretary of State for War, instead of causing him to be tried and punished as a Deserter, may cause him to be returned to his Service on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, to be there put under Stoppages from his Pay until he has repaid the Amount of any Bounty received by him, and the Expenses attending his Enlistment, and also the Value of any Arms, &c., issued to him while on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and not duly delivered up by him, or may cause him to be held to his Service in the Royal Marines with a Direction, if it seems fit, that his Term of Service therein shall not be reckoned for Pension until the Time when his Engagement on the Volunteer Permanent Staff would have expired, and may further cause him to be put under Stoppages of One Penny a Day of his Pay until he has repaid the Expense attending his Engagement or Attestation on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and also the Value of any Arms, Clothing, or Appointments issued to him while on the Volunteer Permanent Staff, and not duly delivered up by him.

70. Every Person subject to this Act who shall wilfully act contrary to any of its Provisions in any Matter relating to the enlisting or attesting of Recruits for Her Majesty's Service shall be liable to be tried for such Offence by a General Court-martial, and to be sentenced to such Punishment, other than Death or Penal Servitude, as such Court may award.

71. It shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Person exercising the Office of a Magistrate within any of Her Majesty's Dominions abroad, or for the Officer commanding any Ship or Vessel of Her Majesty on the Books of which any Marine may be borne, or on board of which any such Marine may be, or, notwithstanding anything in this Act contained, for the Commanding Officer of any Battalion or Detachment of Royal Marines, whether borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships or otherwise, to re-engage or enlist and attest out of Great Britain or Ireland any Marine desirous of re-enlisting or re-engaging into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, if such Marine be considered by such Commanding Officer, Justice, or Magistrate a fit Person to continue in Her Majesty's Service, and every such Commanding Officer, Justice, or Magistrate shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are by this or any other Act of Parliament given to Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation, and any Marine so reenlisted or re-engaged shall be deemed to be an attested Marine.

72. Any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist into Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and shall falsely state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money by false Pretences, if in England or in Ireland, and of Falsehood, Fraud, and wilful Imposition, if in Scotland, and shall after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine according to the Terms of the Enlistment, and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, such Person may be taken as a Deserter from Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

73. No Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in Her Majesty's Service unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Month next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim

Sroduce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such ustice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Five Years, (not having been above the Age of

Fourteen

77

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Fourteen Years when bo bound,) and if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound,) and if in Scotland for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or Indenture in Scotland shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County in Scotland wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been endorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to endorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be unc^r Twenty-one Years of Age: Provided always, that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Five or Four Years as aforesaid: Provided also, that any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

74. No Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Recruiting Party, or Ship of Her Majesty, except under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, and before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Division, or Place for which such Justice is acting, and shall keep the Indenture to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Sessions immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of such County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall for just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justice that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided always, that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

75. No Person who shall for Six Months, and either before or after the passing of this Act, have received Pay and be borne on the Strength and Pay List of any Division of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, of which the last Quarterly Pay List (if produced) shall be Evidence, or been borne as a Marine on the Books of any of Her Majesty's Ships in Commission, shall be entitled to claim his Discharge on the Ground of Error or Illegality in his Enlistment or Attestation, or on any other Ground whatsoever, but, on the contrary, every such Person shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and attested.

76. It shall also be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, and also for the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Marine for any Period during which such Officer or Marine shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Duty, or in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay to withnold it from the Parties aforesaid until the said Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners shall come to a Determination upon the Case.

77. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine Forces when on shore:' Be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the

Hand

No Apprentice claimed by the Master shall be taken away without a Warrant

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

Removal of Doubts as to' Attestation of Marines.

Power to Admiralty to order Pay to be withheld.

Billeting of Marines.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of any Division of Royal Marines, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act in Great Britain and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines, whether marching or otherwise, and all Stall and Field Officers Horses, and all B&t and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by Her Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are so billeted, and be furnished by such Victualler with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and with a separate Bed for each Marine, or if any Victualler shall not have sufficient Accommodation in the House upon which a Marine is billeted, then in some good and sufficient Quarters to be provided by such Victualler in the immediate Neighbourhood, and in Great Britain with Diet and Small Beer, and in Great Britain and Ireland with Stables, Oats, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Time when Marines are on their March shall any of them be billeted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route,. Care being always taken that the Billets be made out for the less distant Houses in which suitable Accommodation can be found before making out Billets for the more distant; and in all Places where Marines shall be billeted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billeted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in the Manner required by this Act upon the Occupiers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, and whether they be in the same or a different County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were all locally situated within such Place; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and shall undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billeted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present, or to the Non-commissioned Officer on the Spot; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by having an undue Proportion of Marines billeted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices, within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billeted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billeted upon other Persons as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person or Persons having Stables, and who are by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billeted upon them, and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billeted in any Place with another Man or Horse billeted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billeted on such Houses respectively; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or to enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that to prevent or punish all Abuses in billeting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in

Writing

79

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constables, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billeted, stating the Street or Place where such Persona dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to the Houses: Provided always, that no Officer shall be compelled or compellable to pay anything for his Lodging where he shall be duly billeted: Provided also, that no Justice being an Officer of Royal Marines shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billeting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

78. The Innholder or other Person on whom any Marine is billeted in Great Britain Allowance to shall, if required by such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period Innkeepers, not exceeding Two Days, when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of the Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by Her Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previously to being dressed. One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Tenpence, and Twopence Halfpenny for a Bed; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Marines may be billeted in Great Britain or Ireland, except when on the March in Great Britain, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Marines with a Bed and with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire, and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of Fourpence per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billeted, in Great Britain or Ireland, for Ten Pounds of Oats, Twelve Pounds of Hay, and Eight Pounds of Straw, shall be One Shilling and Ninepence per Diem for each Horse; and every Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding a Division, Detachment, or Party shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle and discharge the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers, Marines, or Horses are billeted, out of the Pay and Subsistence of such Officers and Marines, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be paid or distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall not pay the same as aforesaid, then, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses before Two Justices of the ^eace for the County, Riding,

Division, Liberty, City, Borough, or Place where such Quarters were situate, sitting in Quarter or Petty Sessions, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to Complainant, to order Payment of the Amount which shall be charged against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered to march, and of the Commanding Officer or Noncommissioned Officer not being enabled to make Payment of the Sums due on account of Billets, every such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billeted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty, shall be immediately paid, and charged to the Account of such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer.

79. For the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Supply of Baggage on their Marches in Great Britain and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within Carriages, their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, or any Colonel Commandant or Commanding Officer of a Division of Royal Marines, shall, on the Production of such Order, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to them or any One or more of them, by the Officer

or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall be ordered to march, (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid,) requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and

Drivers

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Drivers therein mentioned, fallowing sufficient Time to do the same,) specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Distance between the Places, for which Distance only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Distance shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrant shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burden of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines maybe quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages, which List shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons, and shall by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages without any special Warrant from him for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

80. In every Case in which the whole Distance for which any Carriage shall be impressed shall be under One Mile the Rate of a full Mile shall be paid; and the Rates to be paid, for Carriages impressed shall be, in Great Britain, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses carrying not less than Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Ninepence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundredweight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland for every Hundredweight loaded on any Wheel Carriage One Halfpenny per Mile; and in Great Britain such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Fourpence, Threepence, or Twopence to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Ninepence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts, or to the Recorder at the Sessions of the Peace of any Municipal City, Borough, or Town; and the Order of such Justices or Recorder shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, and the Period for which the Order shall be enforced, not exceeding Teu Days, beyond the next General Sessions; and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, or by the Recorder, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; and also in Great Britain, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand in the Warrant the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher; and the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in Great Britain, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constable providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Noncommissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the proper Sums to the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable; and no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundredweight in Great Britain, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundredweight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundredweight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland consenting to carry a greater Weight shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundredweight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Threepence

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12. 81

pence a Mile for each Car and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expense of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of Her Majesty's Service: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Ninepence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundredweight at the least; and that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Hoads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained; and whenever it shall be necessary to impress Carriages for the March of Marines from Dublin, at least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportional Number of Cars and Drays at his Discretion out of the licensed Cars and Drays and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by Turns be employed on this Duty at the Prices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of Marines on any Pretence whatever.

81. It shall be lawful for the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing As to Supply

the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, of

by their or his Orders distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by Emergency* ° the Secretary of the Admiralty, or, if in Ireland, by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any Commanding Officer of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces in any District or Place, or to the chief acting Agents for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of the Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners, or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in Great Britain and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Postchaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and of all Horses kept to draw Carriages licensed to carry Passengers, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or navigable River as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to which such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition, or a Copy thereof certified by the Commanding Officer, to such Justice, by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on such Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers,

Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment according to the Rates of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Detachment, but also the Officers, Marines, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same.

82. It shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions Justices of

to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Peace to direct Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient then out of Monies which the said Justices s^expended shall have Power to raise for that Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and for Carnages, Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have been expended by the Constables within their &c* respective Jurisdictions for Carriages and Vessels, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, regard being had to the Season of the 28 Vict. L Year

82 28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Year and the Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass; and in Scotland such Justices shall direct such Payments to be made out of the Bogues Money and Assessments directed and authorized to be assessed and levied by an Act passed during the Session holden during the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two.

Lord Lieute- 83. It shall be lawful for the said Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the nantof Ireland Time being of Ireland to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper POTo^to^ign Person to sign Routes in Cases of Emergency for the marching of any of Her Majesty's Routes. Royal Marine Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

Exemption 84. All Officers and Marines on Duty or on their March, being in proper Uniform,

from Tolls. Dre88 or Undress, and their Horses and Baggage, and all Recruits marching by Route, and all Prisoners under Military Escort, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, or in any of Her Majesty's Colonies, when employed in conveying any such Persons as aforesaid or their Baggage, or returning from conveying the same, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or in passing along or over any Turnpike or other Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already passed or hereafter to be passed, or by virtue of any Prescription, Grant, or Custom, or by virtue of any Act or Ordinance, Order or Direction, of any Colonial Legislature or other Authority in any of Her Majesty's Colonies; and if any Toll Collector shall demand or receive Toll from any Marine Officer or Marine on Duty or on their March, who shall be in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, or for their Horses, and who by this Act is exempted from Payment thereof, or from any Recruits marching by Route, or from any Prisoners under Military Escort, or for any Carriages or Horses belonging to Her Majesty or employed in Her Service under the Provisions of this Act, when conveying Persons or Baggage, or returning therefrom, every such Collector shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal from Payment of Tolls in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto, except when employed in Cases of Emergency as herein mentioned; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March by Route to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers, or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

Marching 85. Every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an

Money on Dia- Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Marching Money) c arge* to enable him to reach his Home, or the Place at which he shall at the Time of his Discharge decide to take up his Residence, such Place not being at a greater Distance from the Place of his Discharge than the Place of his original Enlistment, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his own Discharge, or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, before the Expiration of his Period of Service, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

Penalties upon 86. If any Constable or other Person who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in offend?n^ectfl billeting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom shall presume to against the billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act without Laws relating the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any CaiTiagw. Officer or Marine on Duty when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any such Houses against the

Consent

83

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person ordered by any Constable in manner herein-before directed to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall refuse or neglect to provide the same according to the Orders of such Constable, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same, or shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of any Warrants for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act to have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive any such Officer or Marine, or to afford him proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Oats, Hay, and Straw in Great Britain and Ireland, for each Horse, in such Quantities and at such Rates as herein-before provided, or if any Innkeeper or Victualler not having good and sufficient Stables shall refuse to pay over to the Person or Persons who may provide Stabling such Allowance by way of Compensation as shall be directed by any Justice of the Peace, or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings; and if any Person shall personate or represent himself to be a Marine or Marine Recruit with the view of fraudulently obtaining a Billet or Money in lieu thereof, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings.

87. If any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than Penalty upon

is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any

Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer tending to deter and discourage any of them from 0^ndingW performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do anything contrary thereto, such

Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in Her Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate of such Conviction be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take or knowingly suffer to be taken from any Person any Money or Reward for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives,

Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any House against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return home on the same Day if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any 'Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required, and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

88. Every Marine Officer or Marine who shall, without Warrant from One or more of Penalty for

Her Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouse ^rcible ^"^7 of any Person whomsoever, in Pursuit of any Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, Derorters^ith-forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. out Warrant.

L 2 89. Any

Penalty for purchasing Clothes, &c. from any Karine.

Penalty on

unlawfril

recruiting.

Penalty on killing Game without Leave,

Limitations of Actions.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

89. Any Person who shall detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person acting for or on his Behalf, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or who shall solicit or entice any Marine or Marine Deserter, or shall be employed by any Marine or Marine Deserter, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arm9, Ammunition, Medals for Good Conduct, or Distinguishment, or other Service, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, whether on shore or afloat, and whether the Marine or Marine Deserter or other Person be or be not borne on the Books of any One of Her Majesty's Ships, or be or be not embarked, or who shall have in his or her Possession or Keeping any Arms, Ammunition, Medals, Marine Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any other Articles which, according to the Custom of the Marine Corps, are generally deemed Regimental or Divisional Necessaries, or any Provisions, Spirits, Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks or provided under Barrack Regulations, and shall not give a satisfactory Account how he or she came by the same, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, Necessaries, Sheets, or other Articles to be changed or defaced, or who shall pawn, sell, or deposit in any Place or with any Person such Articles of Regimental Necessaries with or without the Consent of such Marine, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles; and if any Person having been so convicted shall afterwards be guilty of any such Offence, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds but not less than Five Pounds, and the Treble Value of all or any of the several Articles, and shall, in addition to such Forfeiture, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned with or without Hard Labour, for such Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months as the convicting Justice or Justices shall think fit; and upon any Information against any Person for a Second or any subsequent Offence, a Copy of the former Conviction, certified by the proper Officer having the Care or Custody of such Conviction, or any Copy of the same proved to be a true Copy, shall be sufficient Evidence to prove such former Conviction; and if any credible Person shall prove, on Oath before a Justice of the Peace or Person exercising like Authority according to the Lawrs of that Part of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed, a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession or on his or her Premises any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, such Justice may and he is hereby required to grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods; and if upon such Search any such Property shall be found the same shall and may be seized by the Officer charged with the Execution of such Warrant, who shall bring the Offender in whose Possession the same shall be found before the same or any other Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law.

90. Every Person (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Royal Marines, or shall open or keep any House or Place of Rendezvous or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement as connected with the Marine Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Lord High Admiral or the said Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

91. For the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near Places where any Officer shall at any Time be quartered, every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

92. If any Action shall be brought against any Member or Members of a Court-martial to be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, in respect of the

Proceedings

85

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person for anything (lone in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, or of any Act heretofore passed for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore, the same shall be brought in some One of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants therein, or in any such Action now pending, to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy aB in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

93. All Offences for which any pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, is by this Act imposed, shall and may be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in or near to the Place where the Offence shall be committed, or where the Offender may at any Time happen to be; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, and also the reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution, to be duly ascertained and awarded by such Justice, shall and may be enforced and recovered in the same Manner as any

?icuniary Penalties may be recovered under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twelfth ear of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Performance of the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Sessions within England and Wales with respect to summary Convictions and Orders: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture or Treble Value can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months; which said recited Act shall be used and applied in Scotland and in Ireland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures or Treble Value as fully to all Intents as if-the said recited Act had extended to Scotland and Ireland, anything in the said recited Act, or in an Act passed in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Acts regulating the Proceedings at Petty Sessions, and the Duties of Justices of the Peace out of Quarter Sessions, in Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of Her Majesty's Dominions other than the United Kingdom, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of Her Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed or the Offender may at any Time happen to be, and for Default of Payment the Offender shall be punished as if the Offence had been committed in the United Kingdom; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed exceeding Twenty Pounds shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles or in any other Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions.

94. One Moiety of every such Penalty or Forfeiture, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, together with the Treble Value of such Articles, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty and such Treble Value, shall be paid over and applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct, anything in an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall within Four Days thereafter at the furthest report the same, and his Adjudication thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

95. It

Recovery of Penaltiefl.

11 & 12 Vict c. 43.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 93.

Appropriation of Penalties.

5 & 6 W. 4.

c. 76.

Licences of Canteens.

Mode of recording a Marine's Settlement

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Definition of Terms.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

95. It shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit, Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any Lease thereof, or by Agreement with any Department or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral for the Time being, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise or their proper Officers within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

96. Any Justice in the United Kingdom within whose Jurisdiction any Marine shall be quartered on shore may summon such Marine before him, which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey, and take his Examination in Writing upon Oath touching the Place of his last legal Settlement; and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy thereof shall be at any Time admitted as good and legal Evidence as to such legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always, that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required: Provided also, that when no such Examination shall have been required, the Statement made on Oath by the Recruit on his Attestation of his Place of Birth shall be taken to be his last Plaoe of Settlement until legally disproved.

97. All Oaths and Declarations which are authorized or required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or other Person having Authority to administer Oaths and Declarations; and any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Oath or Declaration where an Oath or Declaration is authorised or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed

fuilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Arsons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to; and every Commissioned Officer convicted before a General Court-martial of Perjury shall be cashiered, and every Marine or other Person amenable to the Provisions of this Act found guilty thereof by a General or other Court-martial shall be punished at the Discretion of such Court.

98. All Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and to the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and the Provisions of this Act shall apply to all Persons who are or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who are or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer or Marine; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and to all Inspectors or other Officers of Police, and to High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, and to all Justices of the Peace, Magistrates of Burghs, Commissioners of Police, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Parishes, and Places in Scotland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Powers and Provisions for billeting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Hotels, Livery Stables, Alehouses *

and

87

28" VICTORIAE, c. 12.

and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drunk in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, to all Houses of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale, Porter, Cider, or Perry by Retail, to be consumed or drunk in their Dwelling Houses or Premises, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Spirits, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin by Retail in Great Britain and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billeted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billeted in Great Britain in any private Houses or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Admiralty, War, or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London admitted to their Freedom of that Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences; nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters; nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandise than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses; nor in the House or Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

99. This Act shall be in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five until the Twenty-fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive; and within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and the Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and within the Mediterranean and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America, and Cape of Good Hope, from the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six inclusive; and in all other Places from the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six until the First Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven inclusive: Provided always, that this Act shall from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof, in General Orders in any Part of Her Majesty's Dominions, or elsewhere beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force, anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE referred to by this Act.

Form of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now A before you. So help you GOD.

VOU shall duly administer Justice, according to the Rules and Articles for the better A Government of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to your Conscience, the best of your Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And you shall not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither shall you, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help you GOD.

Form

Marines not to be billeted in private Houses, &c.

Duration of Act

88

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Form of Oath of Judge Advocate.

I do swear. That I will not, upon any Account whatsoever, disclose or

discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law; and that I will not, unless it be necessary for the due Discharge of my official Duties, disclose the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved.

So help me GOD.

Notice to be given to a Recruit at the Time of his Enlistment.

jDate

A.B.

186

T^AKE Notice, That you enlisted with

---- 1

at o'Clock *

on the Day of for the Royal Marines, and

if you do not come forward to [here name some Place] on or before o'Clock *

on the Day of for the Purpose of being taken before a Justice, either to be attested or to release yourself from your Engagement by repaying the Enlisting Shilling and any Pay you may have received as a Recruit, and by paying Twenty Shillings as Smart Money, you will be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond.

You are hereby also warned that you will be liable to the same Punishment if you make any wilfully false Representations at the Time of Attestation.

Signature of the Non-commissioned } __________

Officer serving the Notice. J

At A.M. or P.M. as the Case may be.

Declaration to be made by Recruit on Attestation.

T now residing in the Parish of in the County of

, do solemnly and sincerely declare, That to the best of my Knowledge

and Belief I was born in the Parish of (a) in or near the Town of (ft) in the County of (c), and am Years

of Age; that I am of the Trade or Calling of [or of no Trade or Calling,

as the Case may be]; that I am not an Apprentice; that I am married (that I am not a Widower; that I am a Widower, and that I have {or have not) Children) [or not married, as the Case may be]; that I do not belong to the Militia, or to the Naval Coast Volunteers, or Royal Naval Volunteers, or to any Portion of Her Majesty's Land or Sea Forces; that I have never served Her Majesty by Land or Sea in any Military, Marine, or Naval Employment whatsoever, except; that I have never been marked with the Letter D; that I have never been rejected as unfit for Her Majesty's Service on any previous Enlistment; that I was enlisted at on the Day

of 186, at o'Clock M. by of

and that I have read [or had read to me] the Notice then given to me and understood its Meaning; that I enlisted for a Bounty of and a free Kit [as the

Case may fte], and have no Objection to make to the Manner of my Enlistment; that I am willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marines for the Term of [the Blank after the Words " Term of" to be filled up with Twelve Years, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under that Age, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen is to be added to such Twelve Years], provided Her Majesty should so long require my Services, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Recruit

__________Signature of Witness.

Note (a), (ft), (c). — These blanks need not be filled up if the Recruit is unable to give the

requisite Information.

Oath

89

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Oath to be taken by a Recruit on Attestation.

T DO make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to Her Majesty,

A Her Heirs and Successors; and that I will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against. all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand, __________Signature of the Recruit.

__________Witness present

Declared and sworn before me at

this Day of One thousand eight hundred and at o'Clock.

__________Signature of the Justice.

Declaration to be made by a Marine renewing his Service.

T do declare. That I am at present [or was, as the Case may be,] in the

Division of the Royal Marine Forces; that I enlisted on the Day

of for a Term of Years; that I am of the Age of Years;

and that I will serve Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, as a Marine, for a further Term of Years \to be filled up with such Number of Years as shall be required

to complete a total Service of Twenty-one Years], provided my Services should so long be required, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Two Years, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station.

__________Signature of Marine.

__________Signature of Witness.

Declared before me, this Day \

of 186. j

Form of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

F of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a, and

that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by

Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years;

and that the said did on or about the Day of last

abscond and quit my Service without my Consent, and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand

at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this

Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Form of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 I One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of

to wit j A certify, That of came before me at

the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and

made Oath that he was by Trade a, and that was bound to

serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of, for the Term of Years; and that the said Apprentice did

on or about the Day of abscond and quit the Service of the said

without his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years,

28 Vict.

M

Description

28° VICTORIAE, c. 12.

Description Return of who was apprehended [or surrendered himself,

as the Case may be\ on the Day of and was committed to Confinement

at on the Day of as Deserter from the Royal Marines.

1 1 1 1 1 a? to *< j

Height j f Feet. Inches. 1

Complexion - - j j

Hair j r

Eyes - - - j r

Marks -- j r "

Probable Date of Enlistment, and where - j (

Probable Date of Desertion, and from what J Place - - - j j

Name and Occupation and Address of the j Person by whom or through whose Means > the Deserter was apprehended and secured l

Particulars of the Evidence on which the Prisoner is committed; and showing whether he surrendered or was apprehended, and in what Manner, and upon what Grounds - >-

It is important for the Public Service, and for the Interest of the Deserter, that this Part of the Return should be accurately filled up, and the Details should be inserted by the Magistrate in his own Handwriting, or, under his Direction, by his Clerk.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstance herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he f a Deserter from the above-mentioned Corps.

---- Signature and Address of

Magistrate.

---- Signature of Prisoner.

---- — ---- Signatitrc of Informant.

f Insert" is99 or " is not," as the Case may be.

I certify, that I have inspected the Prisoner, and consider him J for Military Service.

---- — — Signature of Military

Medical Officer, or of Private Medical Practitioner.

t Insert "fit" or "unfit," as the Case may be, and if unfit, state the Cause of Unfitness.

01

28° VICTORIAE, c. 13.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," and the Act amending the same.

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have, in pursuance of "The 1 Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," and the Act amending the same, duly made the Provisional Order contained in the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Parts of the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is by the said first^mentioned Act provided, that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatsoever until they shall be confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Each of the Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been enacted in the Body of this Act.

2. It is hereby declared, That, as against any Person owning or interested in any Land or other Property situate beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Board established by this Act, nothing contained in the said Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, or in the said Provisional Order, or in this Act, shall be construed to render legal any Work executed or to be executed by such Board that would, if the said Acts had not been passed, have been illegal by reason of its injuriously affecting such Land or Property; and any Damages adjudged to be paid by the said Board to any Person as aforesaid shall be deemed to be Part of the Costs incurred by such Board in defending legal Proceedings instituted against them, and shall be defrayed in manner in which the said Costs are authorized to be defrayed by " The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863."

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental Act, Ireland, 1865."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Part 1.

Drain age and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863,

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88. and 27 & 28 Vict. c. 72.

In the Matter of Rathdowney Drainage District, Queen's County.

Whereas certain Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands adjoining Erkina River and tributary Streams in the Queen's County on or about the Eighteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four presented their Petition to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, under the Provisions of the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, accompanied by the proper Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates, together with other Particulars and Information required by the said Act, showing, by Reference to the said Maps, the Boundaries and Area of the proposed Drainage District, and stating the Exigencies rendering the Formation of such Drainage District necessary, and praying that an Inspector might be authorized by the said Commissioners, and sent to the proposed District, to make the necessary Inquiries with respect to the Propriety of constituting the proposed District, and otherwise to proceed under the said Act for the Purpose of having the said District (if it should seem bo expedient) formed under the said Act: And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Samuel U. Roberts, Esquire, Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the said Act: And whereas all Notices and Inquiries required by the said Act have been duly given and made; and the said Inspector

M 2 has

26 & 27 Vict c. 88.

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Act not to render legal Works executed by Drainage Board that would otherwise have been illegal by injuriously affecting Lands, &c.

[Short Title.]

28° VICTORIAE, c. 13.

has duly reported to us the said Commissioners in Writing the Result of his Inquiries, and we the said Commissioners have duly considered the same, and no Objections to the Report of the said Inspector have been made to us, and all Preliminaries required by the said Act to precede the making of this Provisional Order have been performed and complied with: And whereas we the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, upon Consideration-of the Premises, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts in Value of the Lands in the proposed District are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the Date of the Report of the said Inspector assented thereto in Writing: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, do, by this Provisional Order under our Common Seal, constitute the Area in the said Petition and Report, and the Boundaries and Extent of which are set forth within Yellow Lines on a certain Map marked with the Letter A., to which we have caused our Common Seal to be attached (and which Map is deposited in the Office of Public Works in Ireland), a separate Drainage District by the Name of "The Rathdowney Drainage DistrictAnd we do declare that the Lands to be purchased for the proposed Works in such District (subject to such Alterations and Deviations therefrom as we the said Commissioners may hereafter sanction) are the Lands in that Behalf shown and set forth in the said Map and the Schedule thereto annexed, marked with the Letter B., and also sealed with our Common Seal; and we, the said Commissioners of Public Works, do, by this our Order, order and direct that the Time for Completion of the necessary Works in the said District shall be limited to the First Day of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Five Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board; viz .:

1. Mathew Henry Franks, Esquire, Westfield Farm, Mountrath;

2. Robinson G. Perry, Esquire, Rathdowney;

3. Sir Patrick O'Brien, Baronet, M.P., 14, Merrion Square East, Dublin;

4. The Reverend Henry Herbert, Rathdowney; and

5. James Howard, Rathdowney:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in the Dublin Gazette and some Newspaper generally circulated in the said District at least Fourteen Days next before the Day of meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be that he shall be the Proprietor (as defined by the said Act and the Acts referred to therein or incorporated therewith) of not less than Twenty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Land Agent for the Time being of a Person being a Proprietor as aforesaid of not less than One hundred Acres of Land situate within the Area of said District, and acting as Receiver of the Rents and Profits of such Lands: That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following the Date of this Provisional Order:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons in that Behalf mentioned in the said Act: Provided always, that no such Elector shall be entitled to vote or exercise any Privilege as such, unless the Land of which he is the Proprietor, or some Portion thereof, shall be rateable on account of the Works in the District, and he shall have previously paid all Rates or Arrears of Rates which may be payable by him in respect of any Drainage Rate for the aforesaid District:

In witness whereof, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, have

hereunto caused our Common Seal to be affixed, this Seventh Day of January

One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

E. Hornsby, (l.s.)

Office of Public Works, Dublin. Secretary.

Part

28° VICTORIAE, c. 13. 93

Part 2.

Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863,

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88. and 27 & 28 Vict. c. 72.

In the Matter of The Silver River Drainage District in the King's County

and County of Westmeath.

Whereas certain Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands adjoining Silver River, on or about the Eighteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, presented their Petition to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland under the Provisions of the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, accompanied by the proper Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates, together with other Particulars and Information as required by the said Act, showing, by Reference to the said Maps, the Boundaries and Area of the proposed Drainage District, and stating the Exigencies rendering the Formation of such Drainage District necessary, and praying that the said Lands within the proposed District should be constituted a separate Drainage District, under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Samuel U. Roberts,

Esquire, Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the said Act: And whereas all Notices and Inquiries required by the said Act have been duly given and made, and the said Inspector has duly reported to us the said Commissioners in Writing the Result of his Inquiries, and we the said Commissioners have duly considered the same, and no Objections to the Report of the said Inspector have been made to us, and all Preliminaries required by the said Act to precede the making of this Provisional Order having been performed and complied with, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, upon Consideration of the Premises, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts in Value of the Lands in the proposed District are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the Date of the Report of the said Inspector assented thereto in Writing: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, do, by this Provisional Order, under our Common Seal, constitute the Area in the said Petition and Report, and the Boundaries and Extent of which are set forth within Yellow Lines on a certain Map to which we have caused our Common Seal to be attached (and which Map is deposited in the Office of Public Works in Ireland), a separate Drainage District by the Name of "The Silver River Drainage DistrictAnd we do declare that the Lands to be purchased for the proposed Works in said District (subject to such Alterations and Deviations therefrom as we the said Commissioners may hereafter sanction) are the Lands in that Behalf shown and set forth in the said Map, and in the Schedule thereto annexed, marked with the Letter B., and also sealed with our Common Seal: And we, the said Commissioners of Public Works, do, by this our Order, order and direct that the Time for Completion of the necessary Works in the said District shall be limited to the First Day of June which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Six Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board, viz .:

Toler R. Garvey of Parsonstown in the King's County, Esquire;

Edward M. Dunne of Mountrath in the Queen s County, Esquire;

John Ridley of Tullamore in the King's County, Esquire;

Marcus Goodbody of Clara in the King's County, Esquire;

George Ridley of Tullamore in the King's County, Esquire;

Joseph R. Belton of Tullamore in the King s County, Esquire:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in the Dublin Gazette and some Newspaper generally circulated in the said District, at least Fourteen Days next before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor fas defined by the said Act and the Act referred to therein or incorporated therewith) of not less than Twenty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Land Agent for the Time being of a Person being a

Proprietor

94

28° VICTORIAE, c. 13.

Proprietor as aforesaid of not less than One hundred Acres of Land situate within the Area of said District:

That the Members of the Firet Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year folio wing the Date of this Provisional Order:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons in that Behalf mentioned in the said Act: Provided always, that no such Elector Shall be entitled to vote or exercise any Privilege as such unless the Land of which he is the Proprietor, or some Portion thereof, shall be rateable on account of the Works in the District, and he shall have previously paid all Rates or Arrears of Rates which may be payable by him in respect of any Drainage Rate for the aforesaid District:

In witness whereof, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, have hereunto caused our Common Seal to be affixed, this Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

E. Hornsby, (l.s.)

Office of Public Works, Dublin. Secretary.

Part 5.

Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863,

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88. and 27 & 28 Vict. c. 72.

In the Matter of Ballynacarrig Drainage District, in the King's County and

Queen's County.

Whereas certain Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands adjoining the Ballynacarrig River, on or about the Twelfth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, presented their Petition to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, under the Provisions of "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," accompanied by the proper Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates, together with other Particulars and Information, as required by the said Act, showing, by Reference to the said Maps, the Boundaries and Area of the proposed Drainage District, and stating the Exigencies rendering the Formation of such Drainage District necessary, and praying that the said Lands within the proposed District should be constituted a separate Drainage District under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Samuel U. Roberts, Esquire, Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the said Act: And whereas all Notices and Inquiries required by the said Act have been duly given and made, and the said Inspector has duly reported to us the said Commissioners, in Writing, the Result of his Inquiries, and we, the said Commissioners, have duly considered the same, and no Objections to the Report of the said Inspectors have been made to us, and all Preliminaries required by the said Act to precede the making of this Provisional Order having been performed and complied with, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, upon Consideration of the Premises are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts in Value of the Lands in the proposed District are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the Date of the Report of the said Inspector assented thereto in Writing: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, do, by this Provisional Order, under our Common Seal, constitute the Area in the said Petition and Report, and the Boundaries and Extent of which are set forth within Yellow Lines on certain Maps to which we have caused our Common Seal to be attached (and which Maps are deposited in the Office of Public Works in Ireland), a separate Drainage District, by the Name of w The Ballinacarrig Drainage District:" And we do declare that the Lands to be purchased for the proposed Works in aid District (subject to such Alterations and Deviations therefrom as we the said Commissioners may hereafter sanction) are the Lands in that Behalf shown and set forth in the said Maps and the Schedule thereto annexed, marked with the Letter B., and also sealed with our Common Seal: And we the said Commissioners of Public Works do, by this our Order, order and direct that the Time for Completion of the necessary Works in the said District shall be limited to the First Day of June which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

And

95

28° VICTORIAE, c. 13.

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respectJto the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Six Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board, videlicet:

1. Colonel Thomas Bernard of Castle Bernard in the King's County;

2. Colonel John Head Drought of Letty Brook, King's County;

3. Henry Stuart Johnston of Ratoath in the County of Meath, Esquire;

4. The Reverend Joseph Marshall of Baronne Court in the King's County;

5. George Thomas Benwell of Cadamstown in the King's County, Esquire;

6. Mathew H. Franks of Westfield in the Queen's County, Esquire:

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in the Dublin Gazette and some Newspaper generally circulated in the said District, at least Fourteen Days next before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor, as defined by the said Act and the Acts referred to therein or incorporated therewith, of not less than Twenty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Land Agent for the Time being of a Person being a Proprietor as aforesaid of not less than One hundred Acres of Land situate within the Area of said District:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following the Date of this Provisional Order:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons in that Behalf mentioned in the said Act: Provided always, that no such Elector shall be entitled to vote or exercise any Privilege as such unless the Land of which he is the Proprietor, or some Portion thereof, shall be rateable on account of the Works in the District, and he shall have previously paid all Rates or Arrears of Rates which may be payable by him in respect of any Drainage Rate for the aforesaid District.

In witness whereof, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, have hereunto caused our Common Seal to be affixed, this Eighteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

Office of Public Works, Dublin. E. Hornsby, (l.s.)

__________ Secretary.

Part 4.

Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863,

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88. and 27 & 28 Vict. c. 72.

In the Matter of the Six Mile Bridge Drainage District, County of Clare.

Whereas certain Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands upon and adjacent to the Owenogarney River and Tributaries, on or about the Twenty-second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, presented their Petition to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, under the Provisions of the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, accompanied by the proper Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates, together with other Particulars and Information required by the said Act, showing, by Reference to the said Maps, the Boundaries and Area of the proposed Drainage District, and stating the Exigencies rendering the Formation of such Drainage District necessary, and praying that the said Lands within the proposed District should be constituted a separate Drainage District, under the Provisions of the said Act: And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Samuel U. Roberts, Esquire, Civil Engineer, an Inspector duly appointed under the said Act: And whereas all Notices and Inquiries required by the said Act have been duly given and made, and the said Inspector has duly reported to us, the said Commissioners, m Writing, the Result of his Inquiries, and we, the said Commissioners, have duly considered the same, and have also considered an Objection to the said Report made on behalf of Thomas Arthur, Esquire, a Lunatic: And whereas all Preliminaries required by the said Act to precede the making of this Provisional Order have been

96

28° VICTORIAE, c. 13.

been performed and complied with: And whereas we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, upon Consideration of the Premises, are satisfied of the Propriety of constituting the proposed separate Drainage District, and that the Proprietors of Two Third Parts in Value of the Lands in the proposed District are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the Date of the Report of the said Inspector assented thereto in Writing: Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Power given to us by the said Act, we, the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, do, by this Provisional Order, under our Common Seal, constitute the Area in the said Petition and Report, and the Boundaries and Extent of which are set forth within Yellow Lines on the Map to which we have caused our Common Seal to be attached (and which Map is deposited in the Office of Public Works in Ireland), a separate Drainage District, by the Name of "The Six Mile Bridge Drainage District;" and we do declare that the Lands to be purchased for the proposed Works in such District (subject to such Alterations and Deviations therefrom as we the said Commissioners may hereafter sanction) are the Lands in that Behalf shown and set forth in the said Map and the Schedule thereto annexed, marked with the Letter B., and also sealed with our Common Seal: And we, the said Commissioners of Public Works, do, by this our Order, order and direct that the Time for Completion of the necessary Works in the said District shall be limited to the First Day of October which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-eight

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following Regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of Eight Members:

That the following Persons shall be the Members of the First Drainage Board, viz .:

1. Maurice O'Connell of Kilgorey,

2. William Bentley of Hurlston,

3. Richard Bentley of Doon House,

4. John Grabbet of Castle Lake,

5. Charles George O'Callaghan of Ballinahinch,

6. John Wilson Lynch of Bel voir,

7. Richard Robert Studdert of Coolreagh, and

8. John Brown of the Crescent in the County of Limerick, Esquire;

That the First Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Board, published in the Dublin Gazette and some Newspaper generally circulated in the said District at least Fourteen Days next before the Day of Meeting:

That the Qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the Proprietor (as defined by the said Act and the Acts referred to therein or incorporated therewith) of not less than Twenty Acres of Land situate within the Area of the said District, or the Land Agent for the Time being of a Person being a Proprietor as aforesaid of not less than One hundred Acres of Land situate within the Area of said District, and acting as Receiver of the Rents and Profits of such Lands:

That the Members of the First Board shall vacate their Offices on the First Thursday in September in the Year following the Date of this Provisional Order:

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the Persons in that Behalf mentioned in the said Act: Provided always, that no such Elector shall be entitled to vote, or exercise any Privilege as such, unless the Lands of which he is the Proprietor, or some Portion thereof, shall be rateable on account of the Works in the District, and he shall have previously paid all Rates or Arrears of Rates which may be payable by him in respect of any Drainage Rate for the aforesaid District.

In witness whereof, we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, have

hereunto caused our Common Seal to be affixed, this Second Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

E. Hobnsby, (l.s.)

Office of Public Works, Dublin. Secretary.

all in the County of Clare, Esquires;

28° VICTORIAE, c. 14.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to make better Provision for the Naval Defence of the Colonies,

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to enable the several Colonial Possessions of Her Majesty the Queen to make better Provision for Naval Defence, and to that end to provide

(and man Vessels of War, and also to raise a Volunteer Force to form Part of the Royal Naval Reserve established under the Act of Parliament of 1859 " for the Esta- iC blishment of a Reserve Volunteer Force of Seamen, and for the Government of the " same," (hereafter in this Act called the Act of 1859,) and accordingly to be available for general Service in the Royal Navy in Emergency: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Colonial Naval Defence Act, 1865.

2. In this Act —

The Term " Colony " includes any Plantation, Island, or other Possession within Her Majesty's Dominions, exclusive of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Islands being immediate Dependencies thereof, and exclusive of India as defined by the Act of Parliament of 1858 " for the better Government of India The Term "the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or

97

22 & 23 Vict. c. 40.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation.

the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

3. In any Colony it shall be lawful for the proper Legislative Authority, with the Power for

Approval of Her Majesty in Council, from Time to Time to make Provision for effecting ^Tv^Ib at the Expense of the Colony all or any of the Purposes following: and raUe Men *

(1.) For providing, maintaining, and using a Vessel or Vessels of War, subject to such and commission Conditions and for such Purposes as Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time Officers, &c* approves:

(2.) For raising and maintaining Seamen and others entered on the Terms of being bound to serve as ordered in any such Vessel:

(3.) For raising and maintaining a Body of Volunteers entered on the Terms of being bound to general Service in the Royal Navy in Emergency, and, if in any Case the proper Legislative Authority so directs, on the further Terms of being bound to serve as ordered in any such Vessel as aforesaid:

(4.) For appointing Commissioned, Warrant, and other Officers to train and command or serve as Officers with any such Men ashore or afloat, ou such Terms and subject to such Regulations as Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time approves:

(5.) For obtaining from the Admiralty the Services of Commissioned, Warrant, and other Officers, and of Men of the Royal Navy for the last-mentioned Purposes 2

(6.) For enforcing good Order and Discipline among the Men and Officers aforesaid while ashore or afloat within the Limits of the Colony:

(7.) For making the Men and Officers aforesaid, while ashore or afloat within the Limits of the Colony or elsewhere, subject to all Enactments and Regulations for the Time being in force for the Discipline of the Royal Navy.

4. Volunteers raised as aforesaid in any Colony shall form Part of the Royal Naval Reserve, in addition to the Volunteers who may be raised under the Act of 1859, but, except as in this Act expressly provided, shall be subject exclusively to the Provisions made as aforesaid by the proper Legislative Authority of the Colony.

5. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time as Occasion requires, and on such Conditions as seem fit, to authorize the Admiralty to issue to any Officer of the Royal Navy volunteering for the Purpose a Special Commission for Service in accordance with the Provisions of this Act.

6. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time as Occasion Placing of requires, and on such Conditions as seem fit, to authorize the Admiralty to accept any Offer Colonial Vessel

28 Vict. N for Men and

Volunteers to form Part of Royal Naval lteserve.

Power to Admiralty to issue Special Commissions.

98

Officers at Her Mttfesty's Disposal.

As to Services of Volunteers and Officers in Navy-

Delegation of Admiralty Powers to Naval Officer.

Not to impose Charge on Imperial Revenues, &c.

Not to affect Powers vested in Colonies,

24 & 25 Vict. c. 104.

Extension of Time for granting fresh Letters Patent

Sects. 10 and 18 of 24 & 25 Vict c. 104. repealed. Power to the Governor General in

28° VICTORIAE, c. 14, 15.

for the Time being made or to be made by the Government of a Colony, to place at Her Majesty's Disposal any Vessel of War provided by that Government and the Men and Officers from Time to Time serving therein; and while any Vessel accepted by the Admiralty under such Authority is at the Disposal of Her Majesty, such Vessel shall be deemed to all Intents a Vessel of War of the Royal Navy, and the Men and Officers from Time to Time serving in such Vessel shall be deemed to all Intents Men and Officers of the Royal Navy, and shall accordingly be subject to all Enactments and Regulations for the Time being in force for the Discipline of the Royal Navy.

7. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time as Occasion requires, and on such Conditions as seem fit, to authorize the Admiralty to accept any Offer for the Time being made or to be made by the Government of a Colony, to place at Her Majesty's Disposal for general Service in the Royal Navy the whole or any Part of the Body of Volunteers with all or any of the Officers raised and appointed by that Government in accordance with the Provisions of this Act; and when any such Offer is accepted such of the Provisions of the Act of 1859 as relate to Men of the Royal Naval Reserve raised in the United Kingdom when in actual Service shall extend and apply to the Volunteers whose Services are so accepted.

8. The Admiralty may, if they think fit, from Time to Time by Warrant authorize any Officer of Her Majesty's Navy of the Rank of Captain or of a higher Rank to exercise, in the Name and on behalf of the Admiralty, in relation to any Colony, for such Time and subject to such Limitations, if any, as the Admiralty think fit, any Power exerciseable by the Admiralty under this Act.

9. Nothing done under this Act by Order in Council, or by the Admiralty, or otherwise, shall impose any Charge on the Revenues of the United Kingdom without express Provision made by Parliament for meeting the same.

10. Nothing in this Act shall take away or abridge any Power vested in or exerciseable by the Legislature or Government of any Colony.

CAP. XV.

An Act to extend the Term for granting fresh Letters Patent for the High Courts in India, and to make further Provision respecting the Territorial Jurisdiction of the said Courts.

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Time fixed for granting fresh Letters Patent

for the High Courts in India under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-

i fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing High Courts of Judicature in India, and to make further Provision than

is in the said Act contained for empowering the Alteration from Time to Time of the local Limits of the said High Courts, and for the Exercise, in Places beyond the Limits of the Presidencies, or Places within and for which such High Courts arc established, of the Jurisdiction and Powers conferred by Her Majesty's Letters Patent on the said High Courts:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Time fixed for granting fresh Letters Patent for the High Courts in India by Section Seventeen of the said recited Act is hereby extended to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

2. Sections Ten and Eighteen of the said Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her present Majesty are hereby repealed.

3. It shall be lawful for the Governor General of India in Council, by Order, from Time to Time to transfer any Territory or Place from the Jurisdiction of one to the Jurisdiction

of

99

Council to alter local Limits of Jurisdiction of High Courts.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 15, 16.

of any other of the High Courts established or to be established under the said Act, and to authorize and empower any High Court to exercise all or any Portion of the Jurisdiction and Powers conferred or to be conferred on it by Her Majesty's Letters Patent establishing the same, or any other Letters Patent issued by Her Majesty under the Provisions of the above-recited Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, within any such Portions of Her Majesty's Dominions in India> not included within the Limits of the Presidency or Place or Places for which such High Court was established, as the said Governor General in Council may from Time to Time determine, and also to exercise any such Jurisdiction in respect of Christian Subjects of Her Majesty resident within the Dominions of such of the Princes and States of India in alliance with Her Majesty as the said Governor General in Council may, in manner aforesaid, from Time to Time determine, anything in the said recited Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her present Majesty notwithstanding.

4. Whenever any such Order has been passed by the Governor General in Council, he shall transmit to the Secretary of State for India an authentic Copy thereof; and it shall be lawful for Her Majesty to signify, through the Secretary of State for India in Council,

Her Disallowance of such Order; and such Disallowance shall make void and annul such Order from and after the Day on which the Governor General shall make known by Proclamation, or by Signification to his Council, that he has received the Notification of such Disallowance by Her Majesty: Provided always, that all Acts, Proceedings, and Judgments done, taken, or given by such High Courts, and not set aside by any competent Authority before the Promulgation or Signification as aforesaid of such Disallowance by Her Majesty, shall be deemed to be and to have been valid and effectual for all Purposes whatever, such Disallowance notwithstanding.

5. So much of this Act as relates to the Jurisdiction of the High Court shall commence and come into operation as soon as the same shall have been published by the Governor General in Council.

6. Nothing in this Act contained shall interfere with the Powers of the Governor General Not to interfere

in Council at Meetings for the Purpose of making Laws and Regulations. i^werfctf

Governor General.

Power to Crown to disallow any Order of the Governor General for that Purpose.

Time when Act shall come into operation.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to make further Provision for the Management of the Unredeemed Public Debt in Ireland, and for the Reduction of the Interest payable on certain Sums advanced by the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service.

[7th April 1865.]

WHEREAS it has been agreed that the Rate of Interest hitherto payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland on the Amount advanced for the

4 Public Service shall be reduced, and that Provision shall be made for Payment to the said Governor and Company for their Management of the Unredeemed Public Debt in Ireland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, so much of the Second Section of an Act passed in the Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-seven, intituled An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Ireland, and to regulate the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service, as relates to the Payment of Interest on said Sums amounting to Two millions six hundred and thirty thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Eightpence, and the whole of the Third Section of the said Act, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

2. There shall be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, out of the Consolidated

Fund

From 6 th April 1865 certain Provisions of 8 & 9 Vict c. 37. repealed.

Interest payable to Bank of Ireland.

From 6 th April 1865, Interest on the Debt to the Bank of Ireland to be reduced to £3. per Cent, per Ann.

As to future Payment to the Bank of Ireland for Management of the Public Debt in Ireland.

Commissioners of National Debt to transmit to Treasury Statement of the Amount of the Debt in Ireland, and Allowance for Management to be computed thereon.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 16.

Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Interest on the said Sum of Two millions six hundred and thirty thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Eightpence, at the Rate of Three Pounds Five Shillings per Centum per Annum, for the Quarter ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

3. From and after the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five* there shall be paid and payable to the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland> out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in respect of the said Capital Sum of Two millions six hundred and thirty thousand seven hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Eightpence, now due to them by the Public, an Annuity of Seventy-eight thousand nine hundred and twenty-three Pounds One Shilling and Sixpence, being an Interest or Annuity of Three per Centum per Annum9 by Two equal half-yearly Payments, on the Eleventh Day of October and the Sixth Day of April in each Year.

4. There shall be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, on some Day between the Sixth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the growing Produce thereof, for their Charges in the Management of the Unredeemed Public Debt in Ireland for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and in the like Manner on some Day between the Sixth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July in every succeeding Year, for the Management of the Debt, during the preceding Year ended on the Fifth Day of April, in each Year until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighty-six, and thenceforth in any and every succeeding Year, until Parliament shall otherwise direct, Remuneration at the Rates following; that is to say,

1st. While the whole of such Unredeemed Debt in the Books of the Bank of Ireland ', computed as herein-after mentioned, shall be less than Thirty million Pounds, a Sum at the Rate of Four hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital:

2d. While the whole of such Unredeemed Debt shall amount to Thirty million Pounds and shall not exceed Forty million Pounds, a Sum at the Rate of Three hundred Pounds per Annum for each Million of the Capital:

3d. While the whole of such Unredeemed Debt shall exceed Forty million Pounds, a Sum at the Rate of Three hundred Pounds per Annum for every Million of the Capital up to Forty million Pounds, and a Sum at the Rate of One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum for every Million of the Capital in excess of that Amount:

Provided always, that in estimating the Amount of Unredeemed Debt for the Purposes of this Act Annuities for Terms of Years shall be taken into account, and shall for the Purpose of making a nominal Capital be valued at Fifteen Years Purchase, if originally granted for a Term exceeding Fifty Years, and at Ten Years Purchase, if granted for a Term of Fifty Years or under.

5. The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt shall transmit to the Commissioners of the Treasury, as soon after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five as conveniently may be, a Statement of the total Capital of the Unredeemed Public Debt in Ireland as it stands on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five in which Annuities shall be valued as aforesaid; and the Allowance to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Management of the said Unredeemed Debt in Ireland for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six shall be computed on the said Capital, and shall be paid to the said Governor and Company out of the said Consolidated Fund or the growing Produce thereof in One Sum before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and the Allowance for such Management shall be computed and paid in like Manner in every succeeding Year.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 17. 101

---

CAP. XVII.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the Governor General of India in Council at Meetings for making Laws and Regulations, and to amend the Law respecting the Territorial Limits of the several Presidencies and Lieutenant Governorships in India.

[9th May 1865.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-seven, it was, among other things, enacted, that the Governor General of India in Council shall have Power, at Meetings for the Purpose of making Laws and Regulations, to make Laws and Regulations for all Persons, whether British or Native, Foreigners or others, within the Indian Territories under the Dominion of Her Majesty, and for all Servants of the Government of India within the Dominions of Princes and States in alliance with Her Majesty: And whereas it is expedient to enlarge the said Power by authorizing the Governor General of India in Council to make Laws and Regulations for all British

---

Subjects of Her Majesty within the Dominions of such Princes and States Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Governor General of India shall have Power, at Meetings for the Purpose of making Laws and Regulations, to make Laws and Regulations for all British Subjects of Her Majesty within the Dominions of Princes and States in India in alliance with Her Majesty, whether in the Service of the Government of India or otherwise.

2. The preceding Section shall be read with and taken as Part of Section Twenty-two of the said Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty-seven.

3. And whereas it is expedient to amend the Law respecting the Territorial Limits of the several Presidencies and Lieutenant Governorships in India Section Eighteen of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, intituled An Act to provide for the Government of India, is hereby repealed.

4. It shall be lawful for the Governor General of India in Council from Time to Time to declare and appoint, by Proclamation, what Part or Parts of the Indian Territories for the Time being under the Dominion of Her Majesty shall be or continue subject to each of the Presidencies and Lieutenant Governorships for the Time being subsisting in such Territories, and to make such Distribution and Arrangement, or new Distribution and Arrangement, of such Territories into or among such Presidencies and Lieutenant Governorships as to the said Governor General in Council may seem expedient.

5. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of State in Council to signify to the said Governor General in Council his Disallowance of any such Proclamation: And provided further, that no such Proclamation for the Purpose of transferring an entire Zillah or District from one Presidency to another, or from one Lieutenant Governorship to another, shall have any Force or Validity until the Sanction of Her Majesty to the same shall have been previously signified by the Secretary of State in Council to the Governor General.

28 Vict.

O

24 & 25 Vict. C. 67.

Governor General may make Laws for all British Subjects, 'whether in Service of Government of India or otherwise.

Preceding Section to be read as Part of s. 22. of recited Act

Sect 18. of 16 & 17 Vict c. 95. repealed.

Power to Governor General to appoint Territorial Limits of Presidencies, &c. by Proclamation.

Power to Secretary of State in Council to signify Disallowance of such Proclamation.

Provisions of Sect. 2. of this Act to apply to Trials commenced on or after July 1, 1865.

Summing up of Evidence in Cases of Felony and Misdemeanor.

How far Witness may be discredited by the Party producing.

As to Proof of contradictory Statements of adverse Witness.

Cross-examinations as to previous Statements in Writing.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 18.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for amending the Law of Evidence and Practice on Criminal Trials.

[9th Mat/ 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Law of Evidence and Practice on Trials for " Felony and Misdemeanor and other Proceedings in Courts of Criminal Judicature

should be more nearly assimilated to that on Trials at Nisi Prius:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say.

1. That the Provisions of Section Two of this Act shall apply to every Trial for' Felony or Misdemeanor which shall be commenced on or ^fter the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and that the Provisions of Sections from Three to Eight, inclusive, of this Act shall apply to all Courts of Judicature, as well Criminal as all others, and to all Persons having, by Law or by Consent of Parties, Authority to hear, receive, and examine Evidence.

2. If any Prisoner or Prisoners, Defendant or Defendants, shall be defended by Counsel, but not otherwise, it shall be the Duty of the presiding Judge, at the Close of the Case for the Prosecution, to ask the Counsel for each Prisoner or Defendant so defended by. Counsel whether he or they intend to adduce Evidence, and in the event of none, of them thereupon announcing his Intention to adduce Evidence, the Counsel for the Prosecution shall be allowed to address the Jury a Second Time in support of his Case, for the Purpose of summing up the Evidence against such Prisoner or Prisoners, or Defendant or Defendants; and upon every Trial for Felony or Misdemeanor, whether the Prisoners or Defendants, or any of them, shall be defended by Counsel or not, each and every such Prisoner or Defendant, or his or their Counsel respectively, shall be allowed, if he or they shall 'think fit, to open his or their Case or Cases respectively; and after the Conclusion of such Opening or of all such Openings, if more than One, such Prisoner or Prisoners, or Defendant or Defendants, or their Counsel, shall be entitled to examine such Witnesses as he or they may think fit, and when all the Evidence is concluded to sum up the Evidence respectively; and the Right of Reply, and Practice and Course of Proceedings, save as hereby altered, shall be as at present.

3. A Party producing a Witness shall not be allowed to impeach his Credit by general Evidence of bad Character, but he may, in case the Witness shall, in the Opinion of the Judge, prove adverse, contradict him by other Evidence, or, by Leave of the Jjidge, prove that he has made at other Times a Statement inconsistent with his present Testimony; but before such last-mentioned Proof can be given the Circumstances of the supposed Statement, sufficient to designate the particular Occasion, must be mentioned to the Witness, and he must be asked whether or not he has made such Statement.

4. If a Witness, upon Cross-examination as to a former Statement made by him relative to the Subject Matter of the Indictment or Proceeding, and inconsistent with his present. Testimony, does not distinctly admit that he has made such Statement, Proof may be given that he did in fact make it; but before such Proof can be given the Circumstances of the supposed Statement, sufficient to designate the particular Occasion, must be mentioned to the Witness, and he must be asked whether or not he has made such Statement.

5. A Witness may be cross-examined as to previous Statements made by him in Writing or reduced into Writing relative to the Subject Matter of the Indictment or Proceeding, without such Writing being shown to him; but if it is intended to contradict such Witness by the Writing, his Attention must, before such contradictory Proof can be given, be called to those Parts of the Writing which are to be used for the Purpose of so contradicting him: Provided always, that it shall be competent for the Judge, at any Time during the Trial, to require the Production of the Writing for his Inspection, and he may thereupon make such Use of it for the Purposes of the Trial as he may think fit.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 18, 19. 103

6. A Witness may be questioned as to whether he has been convicted of any Felony or Proof of pre-Misdemeanor, and upon being so questioned, if he either denies or does not admit the Fact, vioua C^vic-or refuses to answer, it shall be lawful for the cross-examining Party to prove such Con- be given*8 viction; imd a Certificate containing the Substance and Effect only (omitting the formal Part) of the Indictment and Conviction for such Offence, purporting to be signed by the Clerk of the Court or other Officer having the Custody of the Records of the Court where the Offender was convicted, or by the Deputy of such Clerk or Officer, (for which Certificate a Fee of Five Shillings and no more shall be demanded or taken,) shall, upon Proof of the Identity of the Person, bo sufficient Evidence of the said Conviction, without Proof of the Signature or official Character of the Person appearing to have signed the same.

7. It shall not be necessary to prove by the attesting Witness any Instrument to the As to Proof Validity of which Attestation is not requisite, and such Instrument may be proved as if

there had been no attesting Witness thereto. 1 e88e8 '

8. Comparison of a disputed Writing with any Writing proved to the Satisfaction of the As to Com-Judge to be genuine shall be permitted to be made by Witnesses; and such Writings, and panronofdis-the Evidence of Witnesses respecting the same, may be submitted to the Court and Jury pu nting* as Evidence of the Genuineness or otherwise of the Writing in dispute.

9. The Word "Counsel" in this Act shall be construed to apply to Attorneys in all "Counsel." Cases where Attorneys are allowed by Law or by the Practice of any Court to appear as Advocates.

[Not to apply to Scotland.]

10. This Act shall not apply to Scotland.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to extend the Period for borrowing the Sum authorized to be raised under the Metropolitan Main Drainage Extension Act, 1863.

[9th May 1865.]

WHEREAS by the Metropolitan Main Drainage Extension Act, 1863, herein-after referred to as the said Extension Act, the Metropolitan Board of Works is empowered to borrow, with the Consent and in manner provided by the Metropolitan Main

Drainage Act, 1858, any Sum of Money not exceeding in the whole One million two hundred thousand Pounds, in addition to the Sums by the said Main Drainage Act, 1858,

authorized to be borrowed: And whereas by the said Main Drainage Act, 1858, the VPbwer of borrowing thereby vested in the said Board of Works is directed to be exercised

not later than the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty- four: And whereas no express Provision for extending the said Time of borrowing was inserted in the said Extension Act: And whereas it is expedient to extend such Time of borrowing in manner herein-after mentioned:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in tKis present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

1. The Time for the Metropolitan Board of Works borrowing any Sum or Sums of Extension of Money authorized to be borrowed by the said Extension Act shall be extended to the Tim.e f<£ bor" Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven. rowing owers.

2. This Act shall be construed as One with the Main Drainage Act, 1858, and the said Construction Extension Act, and all the Provisions of the said Acts with respect to the borrowing of Money and the Securities for the same, and with respect to the Guarantee to be given by Drainage Acts, the Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Indemnity of the Commissioners against Loss

0 2 on

28° VICTORIAE, c. 19, 20.

on the Guarantee, and with respect to the levying Rates, and generally with respect to any Matter incidental to or consequential on the borrowing of Money therein mentioned, shall apply to the Monies authorized to be borrowed under the said Extension Act as amended by this Act, in the same manner as if the Monies were borrowed under the said Main Drainage Act, 1858.

CAP. XX.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Reporl of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[9th May 1865.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," issued

their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the

Schedule to this Act, and have in their Twentieth Annual General Report certified their Opinion that such Inclosures would be expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

In closures in Schedule may be proceeded with.

[Short Title.]

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be proceeded with.

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in legal Instruments it shall be sufficient to use either the Expression " The Annual Inclosure Act, 1865," or " The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Maerbach Hill - Hereford 23d May 1864.

Elmley Lovett - - Worcester - - 14th April 1864.

Helmsl ey Common - York - 6th October 1864.

Asby Winder worth - Westmorland 23d June 1864.

Donhead St. Mary - Wilts - 29th September 1864.

Gamblesby Fell - - Cumberland 23d June 1864.

Elmbridge ... - Worcester 14th July 1864.

Reepham Moor - - Lincoln - - 22d September 1864.

Epsom Common Fields - Surrey - 17th November 1864.

Broad Heath Common or Hanley Heath Worcester - - 29th September 1864.

Trumfleet - - York - 30th December 1864.

Llawrbante - - Carmarthen 16th December 1864.

Abernant - - Carmarthen 16th December 1864.

Fulmer Common - Buckingham 3d January 1865.

105

9

28° VICTORIAE, c. 21, 22.

CAP. XXL

An Act to amend the Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857.

[9th May 1865.]

that Railway Companies incorporated by Act to be adjudicated bankrupt:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide (of Parliament shall not be liable

1. From and after the passing of this Act, no Railway Company incorporated by Act of Parliament shall be liable to be made bankrupt under "The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Act, 1857," and the Provisions of the said Act which relate to the Bankruptcy of Joint Stock Companies shall not apply to Railway Companies so incorporated as aforesaid.

2. Nothing herein contained shall affect any Adjudication of the Bankruptcy of any such Railway Company made or to be made on any Petition for Adjudication presented on or before the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, or the Proceedings thereunder; it being, however, hereby declared, that no Person, Company, or Body Corporate, by reason of his or their being a Shareholder or Shareholders of any Railway Company made bankrupt under any such Adjudication of Bankruptcy, is or shall be liable to pay or contribute any Sum beyond the Extent of his or their Shares in the Capital of the Company not paid up at the Time of such Adjudication.

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Irish Bankrupt and Insolvent Amendment Act, 1865."

4. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Scottish Herring Fisheries.

[9th May 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-two, intituled An Act to amend the

Lato relative to the Scottish Herring Fisheries, and another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the said Reign, Chapter Seventy-two, intituled f An Act to make further Provision for the Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery in Scotland; and kit is expedient that the recited Acts should be amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Fourth Section of the first-recited Act shall be and is hereby repealed.

2. It shall not be lawful to take or fish for Herrings or Herring Fry on the West Coasts of Scotland between the Points of Ardnamurchan on the North and the Mull of Galloway on the South at any Time between the First Day of February and the Thirty-first Day of May, inclusive, in any Year and the Commissioners of the British White Herring Fishery may, on Application made to them, and after ^uch Inquiry as they shall think necessary, by Regulations to be made by them from Time to Time, fix the Periods, if any, during which it shall not be lawful to take or fish for Herrings within any other Limits or Locality on the Coasts of Scotland; and every Person who takes or fishes for Herrings or Herring Fry in breach or contravention of the above Enactment, or of any such Regulations, shall be

liable

No Railway Company incorporated by Parliament liable to be made bankrupt under 20 & 21 Vict. c. 60.

Not to affect any Adjudication of Bankruptcy already made/

Shbrt Title.

To extend to Ireland only.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 92.

24 & 25 Vict. C. 72.

Sect. 4. of 23 & 24 Vict c. 92. repealed. Not lawful to fish for Herrings from 1st February to 31st May between Ardnamurchan and the Mull of Galloway.

24 & 25 Vict c. 133.

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

28° VICTORIAE, c. 22, 23.

liable to a Penalty of not less than Five and not exceeding Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and all Nets used for taking or fishing for Herrings in breach or contravention of the above Enactment, or of any such Regulations, may be seized by the Superintendent appointed by the Authority of the said recited Act, or any Person acting under his Orders, or by any Officer of the British White Herring Fishery, or by Order of any Sheriff, Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate having Jurisdiction under the said Act, and shall be forfeited.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Land Drainage Act, 1861."

[9th May 1865.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance

" of "The Land Drainage Act, 1861," duly mams the Provisional Order contained in s the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is by the said Act provided that no such Order

shall be of any Validity whatever until such Order shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been enacted in the Body of this Act

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Land Drainage Supplemental Act, 1865."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

In the Matter of Chedzoy Improvement, situate in the several Parishes of Westonzoyland, Chedzoy, Bridgwater, Woolavington, North Petherton, and Middlezoy, in the County of Somerset

We, the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in pursuance of the power given to us by " The Land Drainage Act, 1861," do, by this Provisional Order under our seal, constitute the lands which are delineated on a map authenticated under our hands and seal as the map referred to in this Provisional Order, and intituled the Chedzoy Separate Drainage District Map, and a copy of which is deposited in the Inclosure Office, a Separate Drainage District under the said Act.

And we do further, by this our Provisional Order, make the following regulations with respect to the Drainage Board: —

That the Drainage Board for the said District shall consist of eleven members.

That the following persons shall be the members of the first Drainage Board:— Richard Hook, of Westonzoyland, gentleman; James Mountstevens, of Westonzoyland, yeoman;. Charles Bulpin, of Westonzoyland, yeoman; Benjamin Tazewell, of Chedzoy, yeoman; James Turner, of Lyng, yeoman; James Ling and John Ling, both of Westonzoyland, yeoman; Thomas Baker, of Othery, gentleman; William Chapman, of Westonzoyland, yeoman; Edward Fry, of Chedzoy, yeoman; and F. B. Uttermore, of Langport, Esquire.

That the first Meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by notice under the hands of any t wo or more of the said Board, published in some newspaper generally circulated in the

District,

107

28° VICTORIAE, c. 23, 24.

District, and posted on the Church doors of the above-mentioned parishes at*least fourteen days before the day of meeting.

That the qualification of any subsequent Member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the proprietor of not less than twenty acres of land within the area of the said District; or secondly, the heir apparent of the proprietor of an estate of not less than twenty acres in extent within the area of the said District; or thirdly, occupying tenant, yearly or otherwise, of not less than thirty acres within the area of the said District; or fourthly, the agent of a proprietor of an estate of not less than twenty acres of land within the area of the said District; such agent acting under a written appointment.

That the Members of the first Board shall vacate their offices on the first Thursday in September in the year following that in which this Provisional Order shall be confirmed by Parliament.

That the Electors for Members of the Drainage Board shall be the persons who have, during, the year immediately preceding such Election, been rated to any Drainage Rate of the District hereby constituted, and have paid all such Rates due from them at the time of such Election.

In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our Official Seal this Second day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under u The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Bridlington, Brighouse, Burnley, Henley, Shipley, Wallingford, Llangollen, Ormskirk, Swansea, Tormoham, and Lockwood.

[9th May 1865.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and further Provision made in relation thereto: And whereas in the Case of the Provisional

Order for the Alteration of the Boundaries of the District of Lockwood the Consents i required by the Local Government Act, 1858, to be obtained from the Ratepayers of the

Parts proposed to be affected by such Order have been duly obtained Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. The Sum of Three thousand Pounds expended in permanent Works by the Commissioners under the Brighouse Local Improvement Act, referred to in the Brighouse Provisional Order contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, in addition to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds authorized to be borrowed by the said Act, shall for all Purposes be considered Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred by the Local Board for the District of

Brighouse

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Sums borrowed, &c. by Brighouse Improvement Commissioners to be considered as incurred

under Local Government Act.

Wallingford Local Act to be repealed, except s. 48.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

Brighouse in the Execution of "The Local Government Act, 1858," in the said District; and the Charges and Rates mentioned in the Fifty-seventh Section of the last-mentioned Act shall include the Rates or Assessments granted by the said Local Improvement Act.

3. The Local Act Thirty-fifth George the Third, Chapter Seventy-five, referred to in the Provisional Order for the District of Wallingford in the Schedule to this Act contained, shall be repealed, with Exception of Section Forty-eight described in the Schedule to the said Order.

4. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act

5. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1865."

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Bridlington. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements, &c.

2. Brighouse. — Repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District.

3. Burnley. — Altering a Local Act in force within the District

4. Henley. — Partially repealing a Local Act in force within the District

5. Shipley. — Partially repealing and altering a Local Act in force within the District of Shipley, and extending the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board for that District

6. Wallingford. — Repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Wallingford Local Board.

7. Llangollen. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

8. Ormskirk. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

9. Swansea. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

10. Tormoham. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board of Health.

11. Lockwood. — Altering the Boundaries of the District, under the Local Government Act, 1858.

BRIDLINGTON.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, within the District of the Local Board of the Township of Bridlington, with respect to the Purchase and taking of Lands and Houses otherwise than by Agreement

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of the Township of Bridlington in the East Riding of the County of York, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board and the Signatures of five members thereof, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase and take certain lands, houses, and other premises for the purpose of enabling them to improve existing and make new streets and promenades and to construct a sea wall and promenade thereon, and for other purposes connected therewith respectively.

And

109

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

And whereas the said petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several houses and premises intended to be taken by such Local Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, houses, and premises, who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such petition prayed that the said Board might with reference to such lands, houses, and premises be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said district, and the said Inspector has now enquired in the district aforesaid into the subject matter of such petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make order and direct.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board of the said District of the Township of Bridlington shall be empowered to put in force with reference to the lands, houses, hereditaments and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, with respect to the purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Sixteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Houses, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and which are situate in the aforesaid District are the following, the figures in the first column referring to those on the Plan of the said Hereditaments and Premises mentioned in the Petition of the aforesaid Local Board herein-before referred to.

No. on Plan.

Description of Property.

1 The North Pier

2

3

3

Cliff Terrace, Roadway -Crane Hill, Roadway -Crane Wharf -

4

Harbour Masters* Office

5 Jetty and Landing Steps

6 Approach Road to Wharf

7

8 9

Garrison Street, Roadway.

House and Baths House and Baths -

28 VICT.

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

The Bridlington Pier and Harbour Commissioners.

The Local Board.

The Local Board.

The Bridlington Pier and Harbour Commissioners.

The Bridlington Pier and Harbour Commissioners.

The Bridlington Pier and Harbour Commissioners.

The Bridlington Pier and Harbour Commissioners.

The Local Board.

Edward Rycroflt Edward Rycroft

P

- Edward Rycroft.

- Edward Rycroft.

110

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

10 Public House - John Simpson and George Simpson. - Ellen Hobson.

11 House and Shop - Sarah Gray - - George Smith.

12 House - Ann Lowther - William Garbutt.

13 Butcher's Shop - George Gray - Langton Brown.

14 Wooden Building - George Gray - - William Hadden.

14a House and Shop Jane Stewart - Jane Stewart.

15 House - Mrs. Wallis -. Mrs. Wallis.

15a House and Shop William Smith - George Dixon.

16 16a House and Shop -Passage Ann Mitchell Ann Mitchell. - Ann Mitchell.

17 17a House and Shops House - Mrs. Ingle -Mrs. Lowther. Alice Simpson, Mrs. Pickering.

18 House - Mrs. Lowther - The same.

19 20 House - Cliff Street, Roadway - J. B. Kirton - The Local Board. - John Spencer.

21 House - Mary Savage - Jane Scrivener.

22 22 a House ... Passage - - Mrs. Savage -Mrs. Savage. Mrs. Binning.

23 House - Mrs. Savage - - John Leng.

24 House - John Armstrong - - John Armstrong.

25 House and Shop John Armstrong - - Robert Lyon.

26 House and Shop Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - James Higginbotham.

27 House - Benjamin Sharp Sawden. James Higginbotham.

28 House - - Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - John Tucker.

28a Wooden Building Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - John Tucker.

29 29a Cottage -Passage - - Benjamin Sharp Sawden. Benjamin Sharp Sawden. — Simpson Miles.

30 Warehouse Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - Robert Lyon.

31 Warehouse - Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - - James Stephenson.

32 Warehouse Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - - Benjamin Sharp Sawden.

33 Warehouse Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - Unoccupied.

34 Cottage Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - James Higginbotham.

35 Cottage George Gray - John Medd.

36 Slaughterhouse - - John Armstrong - - Robert Lyon.

37 Yard - John Armstrong - - John Armstrong.

38 Cottage - - George Gray - Unoccupied.

39 Cottage George Gray - Peter Anderson.

40 Cottage - Henry Brambles - - Richard Cowling.

41 Cottage - Henry Brambles - - John Lyon, senr.

42 Cottage Henry Brambles -Abraham Forth - Jane Fairbotham.

43 Wooden Photographic Building. - Abraham Forth.

Stable Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - Thomas Sanderson Tucker.

45 Wooden Photographic Building. Thomas Sanderson Tucker. - Thomas Sanderson Tucker.

1)1

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

46 Cottage Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - Thomas Sanderson Tucker.

47 Cottage Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - - John Brown.

48 Stable Benjamin Sharp Sawden. - Thomas Sanderson Tucker.

49 Part House Mary Savage. - - Jane Scrivener.

50 51 52 Part House Roadway Roadway Mrs. Savage - The Local Board. The Local Board. Mrs. Binning.

53 House - William Watson -. - William Watson.

54 House --- Thomas Richard Hall. - Mrs. Slater.

55 House - The Reverend Theodore Muller. - Mrs. Agar.

56 House - - The Reverend Theodore Muller. - Joseph Cross.

57 House - - William Watson -. - Thomas Dalton.

58 House - - Hannah Taylor - Robert Jarratt.

59 Office - William Watson - -. - William Watson.

60 61 Chapel Roadway - - The Trustees of Primitive Methodist Connexion. The Local Board. Primitive Methodist Connexion.

62 Shop - The Trustees of Primitive Methodist Connexion. John Bishop.

63 Cottage James Elgey - Robert Wilson.

64 Cottage James Elgey - - John Harrison.

65 Cottage - James Elgey - Samuel Broaderick.

66 Cottage - William Harpham - - Alfred Bullock.

67 Cottage - - William Harpham - - William Dove.

68 Cottage - William Harpham - — Whiteley.

69 Privies James Elgey -

70 Yard - William Watson - - Thomas Dalton.

71 Yard Hannah Taylor - Robert Jarratt.

72 Cottage - - William Carr - Mrs. Bullock.

73 Cottage - William Carr - Mrs. Jane Hick.

74 Cottage William Carr - Mrs. Siddall.

75 Cottage - - Robert Taylor - Robert Taylor.

76 Cottage - - James Elgey - Samuel Smith, sen.

77 Cottage - James Elgey - - William Bell.

78 Printing Office - Robert Taylor - John Varley.

79 Cottage - - James Elgey - - John Sellers.

80 Cottage James Elgey - Francis Brown.

81 Cottage - James Elgey - - Unoccupied.

82 Cottage - James Elgey - Samuel Smith, jun.

83 84 Cottage -Privies, &c. James Elgey -James Elgey. John Usher, jun.

85 Cottage - Joseph Catley - William Wallis.

86 Cottage Joseph Catley - Robert Collyer.

87 Cottage Joseph Catley - Anthony Bell.

88 Cottage - - Joseph Catley - Mrs. Heaton.

89 Cottage John Hodge, David Sanderson. - John Hodge.

90 90a Two Cottages Passage Ruth Massender - Ruth Massender. P 2 — Robert Scales, scn.j George Laycock.

112

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

91 Two Cottages Ruth Massender - - John Elliott, Ruth Massender.

91a Cottage Ruth Massender -. Sarah Radclifie.

92 Cottage - Thomas Frankish - Thomas Williamson.

93 93a Cottage -Passage Joseph Ripley Joseph Ripley. _ - Joseph Ripley.

94 Cottage - - John Gray - George Pool.

95 Cottage - John Gray - -. Samuel Dove.

96 House - John Jackson - - John Jackson.

97 Cottage ... John Jackson - - Unoccupied. James Sawden.

98 Cottage John Jackson -

99 99a 100 Two Cottages Passage Yard - John Jackson John Jackson. John Jackson. — George Wright, Hcmy Yarley.

101 Two Cottages - John Jackson - William Smith, Edward Anderson.

102 Privies, &c. John Jackson - William Smith, Edward Anderson.

103 Three Cottages John Bishop - William Bullock.

104 Yard - Thomas Richard Hall. - Mrs. Slater.

105 Three Cottages - John Bishop John Wray, Christopher Anderson, Samuel Needham.

106 Warehouse James Harrison and Sons. - - James Harrison and Sons.

107 Stable - - Mrs. Blakeston - Mrs. Blakeston.

108 Cottage William Miles, sen. - William Miles, sen.

109 Cottage - Robert Miles, sen. - Robert Miles, jun.

110 Cottage Mrs. Blakeston - Cornelius Blakeston.

110a Passage - Mrs. Blakeston - Mrs. Blakeston.

111 Three Cottages - William Brambles - Mrs. Hick, Mrs. Williamson, Cornelius Young.

112 Three Cottages - William Brambles - George Johnson, William Harrison, and one unoccupied.

113 Cottage Mrs. Blakeston - Mrs. Blakeston.

114 Four Cottages - Joseph Catley Dinah Mann, Robert Burrel, Ralph Morris, and one unoccupied.

114a Warehouse Joseph Catley - Joseph Catley.

115 Two Cottages Joseph Catley - John Anderson, James Stabler.

116 Cottage and Stable Joseph Catley, Ho-noria Scholar. - - Thomas Pickering, George Williamson.

117 Cottage - Honoria Scholar - - Stephen Postill.

118 Cottage - Honoria Scholar - - Thomas Sigsworth.

119 Cottage ... Robert Musk - -. Robert Musk.

120 Cottage - Joseph Catley - George Williamson.

121 Kitchen - Joseph Catley - George Williamson.

122 House - Joseph Catley - John Wallis.

123 House - Joseph Catley - Mary Robinson.

124 124a House -Passage - Joseph Catley Joseph Catley. " _. - Joseph Catley.

125 125a House - Yard and Outbuildings- Joseph Catley Joseph Catley. — — Francis Binning.

No. c

Plan

126

127

128

129

130

131

132

133

134

133

136

137

138

139

140

141

142

143

144

145

146

146<

147

148

149

150

151

152

153

154

155

156

157

158

159

160

161

162

163

164

165

Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

Roadway and vacant Charles Mann. Charles Mann.

Ground.

House and Passage John Brown - - Unoccupied.

House - John Brown - - - Unoccupied.

House - John Brown - - Unoccupied.

Sale Room James Speck - Thomas Tate.

Wooden Shed Charles Mann - Charles Mann.

Wooden Shed Charles Mann - -. Charles Mann.

Vacant Ground Charles Mann - Charles Mann.

Wooden Shed Charles Mann -. - Charles Mann.

Wooden Shed Charles Mann - Charles Mann.

Wooden Shed Charles Mann - Edward Hobson, junior.

Wooden Shed - Charles Mann - Edward Hobson, junior.

Wooden Shed Charles Mann - Edward Hobson, junior.

Wooden Shed - Charles Mann - Edward Hobson, junior.

Garden Charles Mann - Richard Dennis.

House - Charles Mann - Seth Brigham.

House - - Charles Mann. - - John Fox.

House - Charles Mann - - Schobey.

Vacant Ground -Roadway Charles Mann Charles Mann. - Charles Mann.

Vacant Ground - Charles Mann - Charles Mann.

Vacant Ground - Ann Elizabeth Parrott. - Ann Elizabeth Parrott.

House - Elizabeth Gardner, Ann Gardner. - Unoccupied.

Stables and Out- Mrs. Preston - John Ombler.

buildings. Mrs. Preston

Public House -. John Ombler.

House and Shop Cross Street Roadway -Prince Street Roadway -Queen Street Roadway - Mrs. Preston The Local Board. The Local Board. The Local Board. — Henry J r Sawden.

House - George Taylor, Barley Taylor/ - Mrs. Taylor.

Cottage - George Taylor - James Watson.

Outbuildings George Taylor - Mrs. Taylor.

House and Shop - John Arnell - David Walkington, jun.

Three Cottages - John Arnell - - John Knott, John Morris, Elizabeth Kirby.

House - Thomas Richard Hall. - George Knott.

Two Cottages Thomas Richard Hall. - Richard Lister, jun.

Queen's Place Roadway - The Local Board - Pearson Smith.

Ruinous Building Messrs. Freshney and Keyworth. - - Unoccupied.

Ruinous Building Messrs. Freshney and Keyworth. - - Unoccupied.

Outbuildings Messrs. Freshney and Keyworth. - Unoccupied.

Shop - Ship Hill Roadway George Taylor, Dar-ley Taylor. The Local Board. Unoccupied.

Gardens and Buildings - Thomas Richard Hall. - - Robert Bullock.

Vacant Ground The Harbour Commissioners. - - Unoccupied.

114

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

169 170 171 172 Roadway -Steps to Harbour Two Cottages Cottage - - The Local Board. The Harbour Commissioners. Thomas Spencer Harrison. George Taylor, Wil- — David Simpson, Benjamin Holland. George Stork.

173 Cottage liam Taylor. George Taylor, Wil-. William Varley.

174 Cottage - liam Taylor. George Taylor, Wil- George Gray.

175 Vacant Ground liam Taylor. Thomas (Sittings - Unoccupied.

176 177 Yard -Outbuildings - Thomas Gittings. Thomas Gittings - — — _ Francis Gray.

178 House - Thomas Gittings - Francis Gray.

179 House and Shop - Thomas Gittings - Richard Nicholson.

180 House - The Misses Loadman - - The Misses Loadman.

180a 181 Passage - -House and Shop The Misses Loadman. The Misses Loadman — — Mrs. Blenkin.

182 House - William Tennison - Unoccupied.

183 Cottage George Taylor, Dar- - - Melchizadec Walking-

184 Cottage - ley Taylor. Richard Speck _ ton. Mrs. Snelling.

185 Cottage Edward Hobson, sen. Thomas Spencer - - Mary Pickering.

186 House - - Francis Dalby.

187 Privy Harrison. George Taylor, Wil- _ John Campleman.

188 Outbuildings liam Taylor. The Misses Loadman _ The Misses Loadman.

189 Outbuildings Mary Smith - Mary Smith.

190 Outbuildings The Misses Loadman - - Mary Leadly.

191 Outbuildings The Misses Loadman - - The Misses Loadman.

192 Outbuilding The Misses Loadman - - The Misses Loadman.

192a Cottage Morris Headley - John Gray.

193 Cottage - Mary Smith - - Mary Smith.

194 Cottage The M isses Loadman - - Mary Leadley.

195 House - George Taylor, Wil- - - John Campleman.

196 Cottage liam Taylor. Thomas Gittings - m m Francis Gray.

197 Roadway to Spring The Local Board.

198 199 200 Pumps. Roadway - - Wharf Wall Cottage - The Harbour Commissioners. Henry Robinson. Henry Robinson - — Thomas Harrison.

201 Cottage Henry Robinson - - Francis Thompson.

202 Cottage -Warehouses Henry Robinson - - Francis Gray.

203 Henry Robinson - - Francis Gray, Thomas

203a Sail Loft Thomas Scrivener - Williamson, John Bod-dy, Thomas Siddali, Edward Rycroft. Thomas Scrivener.

204 Garden - The Reverend W. - Edward Samuel Brett.

204a Privy and Ash Bin Welburn. John Thompson John Thompson.

205 Stable and vacant John Thompson - - John Thompson.

206 Ground. House and Warehouse - William Barnett, jun. o John Gray.

I

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

207 Waste Ground and Breakwater. John Simpson, George Simpson, Sarah Gray, George Gray, Mrs. Lowther. —

208 Waste Ground and Breakwater. Mary Savage, Benjamin Sharp Sawden, Henry Brambles, William Watson, Thomas Richard Hall.

209 Wooden Steps to Sands The Local Board. —

210 Houses, Bath, and Watch-house. John Bishop - John Bishop, William Pickering, Captain D. Herbert.

211 Jetty ... John Bishop - John Bishop.

211a Vacant Ground - Mary Ann Wray - - Unoccupied.

212 Esplanade Terraco The Lords Feoffees of the Manor of Bridlington. William Watson, Robert Tonge, Mrs. Wright, Paul Parrott* William Kennedy Gardner, William Forth, Edward Rycroft, and Mary Dawson, -

213 Stone Steps to Sands - The Local Board.

214 Sea Wall and Roadway - Robert Tonge. —

215 House and Grounds Robert Tonge - B. B. Haworth.

216 Esplanade Roadway The Local Board.

217 Short Lane Roadway - The Local Board.

218 Vacant Ground Robert Tonge. —

218a Vacant Ground - George Gray. —

219 Pleasure Ground Burton Ellis - Burton Ellis.

220 Pleasure Ground Harland Bullock, John Cameron. - Harland Bullock, John Cameron.

221 Pleasure Ground William Harrison - Robert Ellis, William Ware, Miss Hitch-man.

222 Pleasure Ground John Speck - John Speck.

223 Roadway on Cliff Top - The Local Board, Burton Ellis, John Cameron, Harland Bullock, William Harrison, John Speck, Edward Ridsdale Harding, Laver, — Pickering, Lucy Makins, Mark Barr.

224 Pleasure Ground Edward Ridsdale Harding. - Edward Ridsdale Harding.

225 Pleasure Ground — Laver, Pickering. 1 *-

226 Field Lucy Makins - John Harrison.

227 Private Footpath Lucy Makins John Harrison.

116

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Ownres or reputed Owners. I Lessees | j or reputed Lessees. Occupiere.

228 229 230 230a 231 232 Field Road to Sands and Cliff Top. Wooden Bridge Waste Ground Sea Wall and Terrace -Cliff - 1 Lucy Makins The Local Board. The Local Board. Mark Barr. Lucy Makins. Cliff. 1 — John Harrison.

233 233a House and Lifeboat House. Beach Henry Marshall, The Reverend Henry Ward. Beach. John Boddy, John Ross.

234 Stable - James Gray Main- prize. i i - Joseph Ripley.

235 Stable - - Robert Baron i - - Joseph Ripley.

236 House and Shop William Smith - I i -. William Smith.

237 Hotel Elizabeth Johnson -. James Crannis.

238 House and Shop Mathew Shepherd- i son. i - - " Matthew Shepherdson.

239 House - Mrs. Barker - - Mrs. Constable.

240 House - - Mrs. Barker - _ Mrs. Meek.

241 House - William Massa. - John Eggleston.

242 Cottage - - Mrs. Sarah Elliott - -. - Sarah Elliott.

243 Cottage George Baron - John Wilson.

244 Cottage - - Morris Headley, George Richardson. ' William Jackson.

245 Cottage Mary Chew - m - - Mary Chew.

246 Public House. Mary Chew - -. Thomas Ashby.

247 House and Shop - Mary Chew - - Matthew Knaggs.

248 Garden John Frank Lamplugh. John W. Morgan.

BRIGHOUSE.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of a Local Act in force within the District of the Brighouse Local Board.

Whereas the Commissioners under the Brighouse Local Improvement Act (9 Vict cap. ccclxxxv.), intituled "An Act for sewering, draining, and lighting the Hamlet of " Brighouse, in the Township of Hipperholme-cum-Brighouse, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York," acting as the Local Board in and for the District of Brighouse aforesaid, have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858 (which has in part been duly adopted within such District), presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of the said Local Act, being an Act, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such Petition set forth and specified:

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition:

WHEREAS it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional

Order,

117

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The parts of the said herein-before recited Local Act specified in the Schedule

hereunto annexed shall be repealed.

2. — The powers, authorities, and duties of the said Commissioners under the unrepealed

portions of the said Local Act, shall be transferred to a Local Board to be elected in the manner and form set forth and prescribed by the Local Government Act, 1858, within the period of one month from the date of the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order.

3. — The said Local Board for the District of Brighouse shall consist of twelve members,

of whom one third shall retire annually at such time and in such manner as is prescribed by the Local Government Act, 1858.

4. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said

Local Act shall be hereby transferred to and vested in the said Local Board, and shall be held and applied by the said Local Board for the general purposes of such Local Board.

5. — All debts, monies, and securities for money, contracted or payable by such Commissioners, shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if the portions of the Local Act specified in the said Schedule had not been repealed, and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board as by such Commissioners: Provided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for the purposes aforesaid, the deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Local Act and the said Local Government Act, 1858, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made. Given under my hand, this sixth day of February in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule to which this Order refers.

The sections to be repealed in the herein-before recited Local Act (9 Vict.) are the sections numbered respectively 1, 11, and 35.

BURNLEY.

Provisional Order altering a Local Act in force within the District of Burnley in the Count

of Lancaster.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Burnley in the County of Lancaster, acting in execution of the Burnley Improvement Act, 1854, and also as Local Board for the District of the said Borough in which the Local Government Act, 1858, has been partially adopted, have, in pursuance of the said last herein-before mentioned Act, presented a Petition to the Right Honourable Sir George Grey, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for an alteration and amendment of the Burnley Improvement Act, 1854, that being a Local Act of Parliament in force within the said District aforesaid, such Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Fetation.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional 28 Vict. Q Order,

118

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1, — That the eighty-second section of the aforesaid " Burnley Improvement Act, 1854," which enacts, "That the Commissioners may and shall make to all persons " for gas supplied by the Commissioners a uniform charge at so much as they " from time to time determine for every thousand cubic feet, but not exceeding " the rate of three shillings and sixpence for one thousand cubic feet," shall be repealed, and that in lieu thereof the following section shall be substituted; that is to say, —

" That the Commissioners, as now represented by the Corporation of Burnley," shall have power to charge to all persons supplied with gas within the Town9 " as defined by the ' Burmey Improvement Act, 1854/(section 3,) a sum not " exceeding three shillings and sixpence per one thousand cubic feet; and to all " persons supplied with gas outside the boundaries of the said town, a sum not " exceeding four shillings and sixpence per one thousand cubic feet."

Given under my hand, this Twenty-seventh day of June, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

HENLEY.

Provisional Order partially repealing and altering a Local Act in force within the District oj Henley-upon-Thames in the County of Oxford.

Whereas the Henley-upon- Thames Local Board have, under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of certain sections of the Local Act (21 Geo. 3. cap. 33., intituled An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames at the Town of " Henley-upon-Thames in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues " thereto; for widening some Part of the High Street and the Market Place; for lighting " and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nuisances, Obstructions," and Annoyances from, the said Town"), as set forth and specified in such Petition, and that such alterations may be made in the herein-before recited Local Act, and such powers and authorities vested in the Local Board aforesaid, as may be necessary to enable them to carry out the objects sought by such Petition.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and held in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — 'The parts of the Henley-upon-Thames Local Act aforesaid (2l Geo. 3. cap. 33.),

specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be repealed.

2. *All the powers, duties, and authorities of the Corporation of the Town of Henley-

upon-Thames, as the Commissioners for putting the said Act into execution, shall cease and determine, and all the powers, duties, authorities, advantages, and penalties under the repealed portions of the said Act which in case this Order had not been made and confirmed would have belonged to such Corporation as such Commissioners shall pass to the Local Board aforesaid.

3. — All existing debts and liabilities to or from or by such Corporation, acting as such

Commissioners, shall respectively be paid to or satisfied by the said Local Board; and all payments in respect thereof by the said Local Board, including all such

charges

119

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

charges and expenses as such Corporation, acting as aforesaid, may incur in lighting and paving such part of the Henley-upon-Thames Local Board District as is under their jurisdiction until the Local Act aforesaid be repealed, may be made out of the General District Rates leviable in the said District under the Local Government Act, 1858, and all payments in respect thereof to the said Local Board shall go in aid of the General District Rates of the said District. And the future cost and expense of the execution by the said Local Board of the transferred powers and authorities shall be paid out of and form part of the General District Rates of the said District, and be subject to the provisions relating to General District Rates.

4. — The Local Board for the aforesaid District of Henley-upon-Thames shall be authorized and empowered to pay and discharge out of any rate or rates to be made by them under and by virtue of the Local Government Act, 1858, such charges and expenses as have been legally and duly incurred by the summoning officer or other person or persons engaged in and about the adoption of the said Local Government Act within the District of Henley-upon-Thames aforesaid.

Given under my hand this eighth day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

SCHEDULE to which this Order refers.

The parts of the Local Act 21 Geo. 3. cap. 33. herein-before referred to in this Order to be repealed, as described in such Order, are as follows; that is to say.

All the sections of the said Local Act from section 45 to section 63, both inclusive.

SHIPLEY.

Provisional Order partially repealing and altering a Local Act in force within the District of Shipley, Yorkshire, and to extend the Borrowing Powers of the Local Board for that District

Whereas the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Shipley, in the Township of Shipley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, was duly applied by an Order of Her most Gracious Majesty in Council, bearing date the 21st day of February, 1853, have under the powers of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Shipley Waterworks and Police Act, 1854, executed Works of Water Supply:

And whereas the said Local Board have borrowed, for the purposes of such Water Supply, and with the authority of the General Board of Health, the sum of 14,000l., authorized by the said Shipley Waterworks and Police Act, 1854:

And whereas the said Local Board have, with the authority of the General Board of Health and of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, borrowed on security of the Special and General District Rates of the said District the sum of 18, 050/., of which the sum of 9, 500/. has been applied for the purposes of Water Supply: '

And whereas the sums so borrowed have proved insufficient for the construction of adequate Waterworks:

And whereas the said Local Board have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying that the said Shipley Waterworks and Police Act, 1854, may be altered, by enlarging the borrowing powers under the said Act to the sum of 40,000£

And that the said Local Board should be at liberty to exchange the mortgages securing the sums amounting to the said sum of 9, 500/. so borrowed as aforesaid, or any such mortgages, for mortgages of like amount, to be issued under the said enlarged borrowing power:

Q 2 And

120

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

And whereas in pursuance of the stud Local Government Act, 1858, inquiry has been directed in the District, in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition:

And whereas it appears to me expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament:

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, 1858, 1, as Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, do by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, as follows: —

1. — The 38th Section of the Shipley Water Works and Police Act, 1854, shall be read

as if the words " Forty thousand Pounds " had been inserted therein in the place of the words " Fourteen thousand Pounds."

2. — In case any persons holding mortgages for securing the sums amounting to the said

sum of 9, 500/., borrowed for the purposes of the Water Supply of the said District on the security of the Special and General District Rates of the District, shall desire to exchange the same mortgages for mortgages of like amount to be issued under the powers of the said 38th Section of the Shipley Waterworks and Police Act, 1854, so altered as aforesaid, the said Local Board may exchange the same accordingly, and the amounts of such exchanged mortgages shall be deemed to have been borrowed as part of the said sum of 40,000l. authorized to be borrowed by the Shipley Waterworks and Police Act, 1854, so altered as aforesaid.

Given under my hand this 16th day of February 1865.

(Signed) G. Grey.

WALLINGFORD.

Provisional Order repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Wallingford

Local Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of the Borough of Wallingford in the County of Berks, in which District the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the partial repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament (35 Geo. 3.) in force within the District aforesaid, the said Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for paving the footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating " the streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the Borough of Wallingford in the County of Berks, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the matters mentioned in the said Petition, by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for that purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Older can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The section of the said Local Act 35 Geo. 3. cap. 75. specified in the Schedule here-

unto annexed shall be retained.

2. — All the property and estate of the Commissioners acting in execution of the said

Local Act shall be transferred to and become vested in the said Local Board.

3. — All debts and liabilities under the said Local Act shall be satisfied by the said Local

Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been

121

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made; and if such property and estate shall be insufficient for that purpose, then such debts and liabilities may be satisfied as debts and liabilities under the Local Government Act, 1858; and it shall be lawful for the said Local Board, with such sanction as is required by the said Act for the borrowing of other sums by the said Local Board, to borrow such sums as shall be required to discharge the said debts and liabilities.

4. — All expenses under the said Local Act shall be borne by the rates leviable in the said District under the said Local Government Act, as if the purposes for which such expenses were incurred were purposes of the said Local Government Act.

Given under my hand this First day of February in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

SCHEDULE to which this Order refers.

The section of the herein-before recited Local Act (35 Geo. 3. cap. 75.) to be retained is section 48., saving the rights of the Corporation of Wallingford and others to prevent nuisances.

LLANGOLLEN.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Llangollen Local Board. Whereas the Local Board for the District of Llangollen in the County of Denbigh have received the sanction of the Secretary of State to borrow, under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, sums, amounting in the whole to 4, 562/. 10$., to defray the expense of works in the said District, being works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Act; and whereas a further sum will be required to carry out and complete the said works, and to carry out other works of a permanent nature, but such further sum, with the hereinbefore mentioned 4, 562/. 10$., will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Act within such District

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to re-borrow the said sum of 4, 562/. 10$., and to borrow any further sum on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board under the powers of the Local Government Act, 1858, the said two sums not exceeding in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct as follows: —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board for the District of Llangollen in the County of Denbigh shall have power and authority to re-borrow the said sum of 4, 562/. 10$., and to borrow any further sum or sums for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works, or for the carrying out of any other works of a permanent nature, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the Local Board aforesaid, under the aforesaid Act, ' the said sums not exceeding in the whole two years* assessable value of the premises assessable under such Act within the aforesaid District; the whole of such sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Seventh day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Ormskirk.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

ORMSKIRK.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Ormshirk Local Board of Health.

Whereas the Public Health Act, 1848, has been duly applied to the District of Ormskirk in the County of Lancaster.

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District have borrowed, under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act and of the Local Government Act, 1858, sums, amounting in the whole to 11, 700/., to defray the expense of works for the Sewerage of and Supply of Water to the said District, being works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts; and whereas a further sum will be required to carry out and complete the said works, and to carry out other works of a permanent nature, but such further sum, with the herein-before mentioned 11, 700/., will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts within such District.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to re-borrow the said sum of 11, 700/., and to borrow a further sum on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, the said sums not exceeding in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct as follows: —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Ormskirk in the County of Lancaster shall have power and authority to re-borrow the said sum of 11, 700/., and to borrow any further sum or sums for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works and other works of a permanent nature, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by the Local Board of Health aforesaid, under the aforesaid Acts, the said sums not exceeding in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the whole of such sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this third day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

SWANSEA.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Swansea Local Board of Health.

Whereas the Public Health Act, 1848, has been duly applied to the District of the Borough of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District have duly borrowed, under the provisions of that Act and of the Local Government Act, 1858, sums, amounting in the whole to Sixty-eight thousand Pounds, to defray the expense of works for the drainage of and supply of water to the said District, being works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts: And whereas, exclusive of the said sum of Sixty-eight thousand Pounds so borrowed, there existed at the time of the application of the aforesaid Public Health Act, 1&48, by the said District, a debt of Eleven thousand Pounds due from the former Town

Corn-

123

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

Commissioners, which debt remains still due, a further sum will be required to carry out and complete the said works and to carry out other works of a permanent nature, but such further sum, with the sums herein-before mentioned, will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts within such District.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow for such works, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum or sums which, with the amounts herein-before mentioned, shall not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan shall have power and authority to borrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works of a permanent nature within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a sum which, together with the debt of Eleven thousand Pounds, and the sums already sanctioned to be borrowed by the Local Board aforesaid, shall not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the several aforesaid sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period, of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof

Given under my hand this second day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

TORMOHAM.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Tormoham Local Board of Health.

Whereas the Public Health Act, 1848, has been duly applied to the District of Tormoham in the County of Devon.

And whereas the Local Board of Health for the said District have duly borrowed, under the provisions of that Act and of the Torquay Waterworks Act, 1856, of the Local Government Act, 1858, and of the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1864 (No. 2.), sums, amounting in the whole to Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, to defray the expense of works for the drainage of and supply of water to the said District, and other works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts: And whereas, exclusive of the said sum borrowed and now remaining due and payable from such Local Board, a further sum will be required to carry out and complete the said works and to carry out street improvements and other works of a permanent nature, but such further sum, with the sums herein-before mentioned, will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts within such District.

And whereas the said Board have now. Under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow for such works, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board of Health under the powers of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, a sum or sums not exceeding altogether Thirty thousand Pounds additional, which, with the amounts herein-before mentioned, will not exceed in the whole

124

9

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24.

whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Local Board of Health for the District of Tormoham in the County of Devon shall have power and authority to borrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works of a permanent nature and of street improvement within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a sura which, together with the debt of Fifty-seven thousand Pounds, so already borrowed by the Local Board aforesaid, and now remaining unpaid and due, shall not exceed in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the several aforesaid sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this eighth day of February One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

LOCKWOOD.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Lockwood, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, under the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted within the Township of Lockwood, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York; and whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, from the Local Board for the Township of Lockwood aforesaid, praying that the District of the said Local Board might be extended by including therein certain pieces or parcels of land in the adjoining Township of South Crosland, as described in the said petition from such Local Board.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and duly held in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can The valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The District of Lockwood, in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, shall be extended by including within its boundaries the pieces or parcels of lands which are known respectively by the names of Battye's Farm (containing 77a. 1r. 35p. or thereabouts), Battye's Farm Common right (containing 25a. 2r. 30p. or thereabouts), and Beaumont's Croft (containing 3a. 2r. 14p. or thereabouts); also the whole breadth of such portion of France Lane between the

125

28° VICTORIAE, c. 24, 25.

the numbers 1A and 2a on the plan accompanying the aforesaid Petition as is co-extensive with and adjoins upon the said Battye's Farm Common right, being a length of 332 yards or thereabouts.

2. — The Local Board for the time being for the District of Lockwood shall be the Local Board for the District as altered by this Order and the Act of Parliament confirming the same.

Given under my hand this Fifth day of July in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Sighed) G. Grey.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Derby, Ramsgate, Oswestry, JBury> Heap, Cockermouth, Matlock Bath, and Bromsgrove.

[9th May 1865.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local

Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the

Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and further Provision made in relation thereto: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act or in the Order hereby confirmed shall be deemed to empower the Local Board of Ramsgate to enter upon, take, or use any of the Lands, Hereditaments, or Works vested in the Board of Trade by " The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861," without or otherwise than in accordance with the previous Consent in Writing of the Board of Trade under the Hand of One of the Secretaries of the said Board.

2. On the First Day of January in every Year the Local Board for the District of Matlock Bath shall, out of the Rates for that District, pay to the Local Board for the District of Matlock the annual Sum of Twenty Pounds, towards the Repair of the Highways within the District of Matlock, but a proportionate Part only of the said Sum, calculated from the Day on which this Act comes into operation, shall be payable on the First Day of January next ensuing on the passing of this Act; and the Local Board for the District of Matlock Bath are hereby authorized to treat the said yearly Payment as an Expenditure for Highway Purposes, and to include the same in Highway Rates and Accounts accordingly.

3. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

4. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1865 (No. 2)."

28 Vict.

R

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Proviso as to Lands in Ramsgate of the Board of Trade not being taken without Consent.

Annual Payment to Mat-lock Local Board by Mat-lock Bath Local Board for Highway Purposes.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

126

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Derby. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 184*5, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

2. Ramsgate. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

3. Oswestry (Salop). — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board otherwise than by Agreement, for Drainage and other Works.

4. Bury (Lancashire). — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

5. Heap (Lancashire). — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Local Board of the Middle Division of Heap (Lancashire) for the Purchase and taking of Lands otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

6. Cockermouth. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Cockermouth Local Board District for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of the District, for Works of Drainage, &c.

7. Cockermouth. — Extending the borrowing Powers of the Local Board.

8. Matlock. — Altering the Boundaries of the District of Matlock in the County of Derby

under the Local Government Act, 1858.

9. Bromsgrove. — Altering the Boundaries of the District for the Purposes of the Local

Government Act, 1858.

DERBY.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation, Act, 1845, within the District of Derby in the County of Derby, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health for the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby in the County of Derby, by the Council of such Borough, acting as the Local Board for that District, have in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for works of street improvement.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now,

127

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this order —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Derby aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plan accompanying such petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-first day of March in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, are the following: —

No. on Flan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. 1 Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1 Shop, show, and store rooms. Eliza Bent, as acting trustee of the late Dr. Bent. Joseph Linnell Carter.

2 House, shop, and yard Joseph Bolus George Warwick Husband. George Warwick Husband.

3 House and shop Elizabeth Eld Frederick Ward - Hatters' Industrial Association, James Dyson, secretary and manager, Manchester; Edwin Oldham, Agent at Derby.

4 _ House and shop Elizabeth Eld John Harvey.

5 Shop, show room, work room, and warehouses. Lord Scarsdale James Haskew James Haskew.

6 House and shops Anne Stevens; Wm. Hall (trustee.) Henry Spencer and Thomas Lloyd. Thomas Lloyd.

7 House, shop, yard, and the warehouse adjoining melting house. William Hall - Samuel Cantrell.

8 Melting house and rooms over. Anne Stevens; Wm. Hall (trustee.) Henry Spencer - Henry Spencer.

9 House and shop Frances Alice Moss - Jean Dequ£.

10 House, shop, workshop, and yard. Sarah Ann Brown - Robert Watts.

11 House, shop, warehouse, and yard. Sarah Ann Brown - James Bown Hopkinson.

12 Shop, show rooms, workshops, and yard. Sarah Ann Brown - John Ward and Joseph Ward.

131 14/ House and plumber's shop in yard. Sarah Ann Brown - Jabez Porter.

15 House, shop, yard, and warehouse. Wm. Thos. Cox and Jane Cox. W eatherhead, W alters, & Co.

15a Warehouse in yard (old mill.) Rev. John Cox R 2 Weatherhead, Walters, & Co.

128

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

16 Wine and spirit vaults and warehouses. Wm. Thos. Cox and Jane Cox. Edward Weatherhead and James D re wry, (Hallam's executors); William Wykes, manager.

17 House, shop, warehouses, garden, and yard. Richard Jones William Medley - William Medley.

18 House, shop, printing and binding offices, outbuildings, garden, and yard. James Alfred Row-bottom, Henry Burn, and Esther Rowbottom. James Alfred Row-bottom.

19 House, shop, offices, yard, and photographic rooms. Executors of the late Franz Wilhelm Thelen (James Brennen and Richard John Hodges.) Elizabeth Thelen, Samuel Whitaker, and James Brennen.

20 House, shop, show rooms, workshops, warehouses, and yard. Crompton, Newton, & Co. Samuel Evaus.

21 Houses and shops - Town and County Library, Building Fund; John Nicholas Kahrs, Secretary. Thos. Griffiths and William Enoch Ford.

21a Late Town and County Library, offices, and news room. Town and County Library, Building Fund; John Nicholas Kahrs, Secretary. (Void.)

22 Old warehouse or shop Jeremiah Briggs (Void.)

23 That portion of All Saints Churchyard abutting on Iron Gate and Queen Street, from Amen Alley to College Place. Simeon's Trustees, viz.:— Rev. Canon William Car us, Rev. John Venn, Rev. Edmund Hol-lond, Rev. Edward Auriol, and Rev. William Cadman; Rev. Edward Walwyn Foley, the Incumbent. Rev. Edward Walwyn Foley, Incumbent, Henry Howe Bem-rose, and Benjamin Brindley, Churchwardens.

24 Warehouse - Henry Cox - James and George Haywood. James and George Haywood.

RAMSGATE.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Ramsgate in the County of Kent, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of the aforesaid District for Street Improvements and other Works.

Whereas the Commissioners for improving the Parish of Ramsgate in the County of Kent, acting as the Local Board for that District, have in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented

a Petition

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings, messuages, and premises to enable them to form and widen streets and roads, to build certain bridges and make proper approaches thereto, and to execute certain other public works within such District of Ramsgate.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Commissioners acting as the Local Board for the District of Ramsgate shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plans accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-first day of March in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following:—

129

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

I

FIRST PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the intended New Road from Harbour Street to Wellington Crescent.

73 Ship Inn Public House, Buildings, and Land. Richard Tomson, Hugh Block, Alexander Robinson, Martin Long Daniel, William Henry Frend, Thomas Wotton. Henry Keene.

74 House and Land Sarah Laming Williams. - Neame Baker Kennard.

74a Ditto Reverend Henry Joseph Bevis. Samuel Redgrave Wilson. Samuel Redgrave Wilson.

75 House, Buildings, and Land. Charlotte Rammell, George Rammell, Robert Lake. Elijah Leach Elyah Leach.

7G House and Land Thomas Ferrett - Thomas Ferrett.

77 Ditto Thomas Spain - William Stanner.

r

130

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken.

78 Two Houses and Land

79 Yard

80 House and Land

81 Ditto

82 Ditto

83 Stables and Land

84 Buildings and Garden Land.

85 Garden and Land

86

87

88

Land now used as a Road.

Land

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

Garden Ground

Robert Fowler

Thomas Ferrett, Thomas Spain, Robert Fowler.

John Cuttler

Mary Martha Pan tin

Harriet Fowler Hughes.

Susannah Elizabeth Bax.

Board of Trade

Joseph Canham, James Joseph Barry, Devisees of Mary Hannah Wade Gery, Harriett Elliott, Sarah Hodges, Stephen Knight, Susannah* Elizabeth Bax, Joseph Low, George Perkins and Elizabeth Frazer his Wife, William Miller, Edward Charles Hales Wilkie, George Page, Henry Page.

Board of Trade

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Edward Charles Hales Wilkie.

William Miller

James Stock Daniel, Lodowick Anderson Pollock, Henry Curling, John Cuttler, George Silvanus Snowden^ George Smale Potter.

Occupiers.

Stephen Pilcher. William Forwood.

John Cuttler.

Mary Martha Pantin. Harriet Fowler Hughes.

George Wattson.

Francis Shaw.

Robert Brain, Joseph Hazeldine, George Pritchard, Joel Calmer Hurst

George Smale Potter and the other Lessees.

Augustus Cooper.

SECOND PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the improvement of the Road from the South East end of Harbour Street to the South West side of Sion Hill.

89 Storehouses, Buildings, and Land. Board of Trade Board of Trade, Samuel Beeching, Thomas Moses, George Stevens, junior.

90 Land - Hunter -.. James Smith.

91 House and Land Frances Smith James Smith Frances Smith.

92 House, Shop, and Land. Thomas Parnell John Thomas Williams, George Williams.

131

No. on Flan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

THIRD PART.

Comprifling the Lands required for the improvement of York Street

and Queen Street.

1 Dwelling House and Land. Elizabeth Saxby, James Saxby. - Lewis Finch.

2 House and Land Sophia Curling Herbert Horne - Herbert Horne.

3 Ditto Daniel Saunders Bradford. - - Charles Moody.

4 Ditto Ann Dawson. - - John Woodhurst.

5 Ditto Harriet Foat -. - Henry William Britton.

6 Ditto Ditto _ John Dernocour.

7 Bakehouse and Land - Ann Bayly. - Dominico Cozza.

8 House and Land John Christian - - John Cristian.

9 Land Site of Passage - Samuel Neunes Carvalho Alexander Israel Montefiore. Augustine Tourneur Augustine Tourneur.

10 House and Land John Burt - Charles Bennett. Marriatt William Burton.

11 Ditto Martin Commerford - - Edmund Wattson, Maria Reading.

12 Ditto Ann Dawson -. Alfred Bowler.

13 Ditto Mary Ann Grundy - - - Robert Pilcher.

14 Shops, Stores, and Land. William Crickett - - - William Crickett, Thomas Sutton.

15 House and Land Catherine Daniel - m Catherine Daniel, Martin Long Daniel, Charles Daniel.

16 Land George Martin Hinds. - - George Martin Hinds.

17 House and Land William Fagg -. - - William Fagg.

18 Land George Yye - - - George Vye.

19 20 House and Land Land George Dunn George Yye, James Stock Daniel, Martin Long Daniel, Charles Daniel. George Dunn.

21 House and Land Joseph Marriott -. - Joseph Marriott.

22 Buildings and Land - Richard Tom son, Hugh Block, Alexander Robinson, Martin Long Daniel, William Henry Frend, Thomas Wootton. Harriett Tomson, Thomas Wotton.

22a House, Coal Store, and Land. Stephen Wootton - - 7 - - John Millen.

23 Land John Dawson, George William Rowley. Vacant.

24 Ditto Ditto -. - Selina Anderson.

25 Ditto Elizabeth Jane Richards,. - Eliza Lackett.

132

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

28 House and Land Samuel Neunes Carvalho Alexander Israel Abraham. Augustine Tourneur Augustine Tourneur.

29 Ditto Sarah Maria Fox - Jens Peter Jensen - Jens Peter Jensen.

30 Ditto Ditto Harriett Frances King. Harriett Frances King.

31 Ditto William Standing, Richard James Spiers. James Bates James Bates.

32 Ditto Buildings and Land - J ohn Leake J arm an, Jane Vye. William Crickett, Richard Hope. - William Woodruff. Joseph Clark, Frederick Knott, John Mac/, Thomas Finch, William Webb.

Land George Pago - i George Page.

FOURTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the widening the footpath leading from Queen Street into Chapel Place.

Land Trustees of St. Thomas Norman Wight

Ditto John's Hospital. wick.

Richard Tomson, - - Ditto.

Hugh Block, Alexander Robinson.

FIFTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the making a Carriageway from Prospect Row into Nelson Crescent,

73 Land John Medmer Goodwin. Susannah Harlow, Thomas Kiddams Forwalk and Frances his Wife. Susannah Harlow, Thomas Kiddams Forwalk and Frances his Wife.

74 Ditto Eliza Shepherdson - Edward Boys.

75 Ditto Mary Fowler -. William Edward Adams, Ann Hoffman.

76 Ditto Humphrey Bourn and Elizabeth Bourn his Wife. Sarah Millgate King Sarah Millgate King.

77 Ditto Eliza Shepherdson - Eliza Shepherdson.

78 Ditto - Thomas Cousins.

79 Ditto Richard Hope ..... Eliza Hope, Jane Hope

80 Ditto Richard Hope, John Kebell Gwyn. ..... Catherine Ninham.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25

133

No. on Flan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

81 Site of Wall John Medmer Goodwin, Eliza Shepherdson, Mary Fowler, Humphrey Bourn and Elizabeth Bourn his Wife, Richard Hope, John Kebell Gwyn.

SIXTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the improvement of King Street.

28

Two Houses and Land

29

Three Cottages Land.

and

30

31

32

33

34

35

House and Land Ditto Ditto Ditto

House, Forge, and Land.

Two Houses and Land

36 House and Land

37 Two Houses and Land

38b

House and Land

39 Ditto

40 Two Houses and Land

41

42

43

Three Houses Land.

House and Land Ditto

and

44

46

47

48

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Buildings and Land -

49

House and Land

50

51

52

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

53

Garden

54 House and Land

55 Ditto

28 VICT.

Lydia Righton Ditto

William Woodland Emma Gisby Samuel Brockman Ditto William Coules

William Hatch Rolfe

William Hatch Rolfe, Frederick Rolfe. Samuel Day, Sarah Head, Charlotte Thomas.

Robert Maxted.

Joseph Hughes.

Samuel Brockman. Henry Woodward. William Coules.

Fanny Sutton -

William Mascall - -Henry Charles -Markcrow.

William Danton -San dwell.

Hammond Fassam Frederick Lewis -Crow.

Ann Stevens -

William Turrall - -William Edward -Smith.

Ditto -

Thomas Kara -

Ditto -

William Edward -Smith.

Ellen Clay, -

Clay.

Ditto -

George Blackburn Ann Gold -

Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto

S

- Fanny Sutton, William

Crosoer.

- Thomas Gore.

- Edward Barnett, James

Budds.

- William Danton Sand-

well.

- Hammond Fassam.

- Empty, Samuel Lazarus.

William Fielding, Maria Harris, Henry Hopson.

- William Turrall.

- Peter Carr.

- Robert Harvey.

- William Twyman.

- Thomas Kara.

- William Edward Smith.

- George Henry M&rriatt.

- Henry Challen.

- Edward Johnson Hobbs.

- John Denne, Mrs.

Lording.

- Mrs. ---- Lording,

William Harrison, Mary Laming.

- Mary Laming.

- Ann Gold.

Description of Land intended to be taken.

Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

i

56 Two Houses and Land Hannah Huckstep, -Walter Mongor.

57 House and Land Ditto

58 Land Ditto -

59 | Coal Store Ditto -

60 Land Amey Challis -

61 House and Land Ditto -

62 Ditto Thomas Smith. -Thorpe.

63 Ditto Benjamin Musten -

- Elizabeth Pemble,

George Cribbens.

- | John Holman.

- Hannah Huckstep,

Elizabeth Pemple, George Cribbens, | John Holman.

- Walter Mongor.

- Robert Hughes, Join.

Maxted.

- ' Robert Hughes.

- | John Maxted.

- | George Moore.

SEVENTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the improvement of High Street.

58

House and Land

59

House known as the " New Inn, M and Land.

60

61

62

63

64

65

House and Land Ditto Ditto

Buildings and Land -Land Ditto

66 Ditto

67 Ditto

68 House and Land

69 Ditto

70

71

72

Ditto Ditto House and Land

All the Land lying between the House No. 78 and the Street.

George Burgess, John Burgess, Peter Burgess, Charles John Burgess, Henry Miles Burgess, Thomas Woolley Burgess. Francis William Cobb, HenryChip-pendale, Thomas Francis Cobb, j Francis Carr I Cobb, John Chippendale. I

Emma Henry -Richard Wraight -, William Hudson - Ditto

John Thomas - 1 Stephen Tring Henry Allis ton. Ditto

William Alexander William AlexanderHunt. Hunt.

- Francis Sayer.

i

William Stidolph -

Edmund Baldwin -

John Crow Twyman Thomas Mayers

John Barnet Hodg-

William Stidolph. Richard Wraight. Edmund Baldwin. William Hudson.

John Crow Twyman. Thomas Mayers.

John Barnet Hodgson.

John Barnet Hodgson.

Michael John Doyle Susannah Elizabeth Bax.

Ditto Frances Cook George Silvanus Snowden.

Stephen Philpott -

son.

Henry Maxted George Earl Attwood

Robert Hicks.

Henry Maxted.

George Earl Attwood.

Frances Baldock. Frances Cook.

George Silvanus Snowden.

Stephen Philpott.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

135

No on Plan. 1 Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

All the Land lying between the House No. 37 and the Street. Frederick Lewis Crow. i l Edward William Cher-rill.

All the Land lying between the House No. 38 and the Street. Ditto r Thomas Spratt.

EIGHTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the intended New Road from High Street

into Chatham Street.

94 I Land 1 1 George Wilson - - - 1 George Wilson.

95 Ditto Edward Francis - - Susan Woodward. Stratton Reader. 1

96 1 House and Land Ditto - - - David Brown.

97 Ditto Ditto - - - Maria Webb.

98; Land I Ditto Charles Townley - Maria Louisa Mann Maria Louisa Mann. Ditto - - Ditto - - Ditto. 1 ' ' 1

NINTH PART.

Comprising the Land required for the improvement of the Road in front of the

Paragon.

81 Land - - Reverend Thomas j - Mary Oney.

i | Blandford.

OSWESTRY.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Oswestry in the County of Salop, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of the aforesaid District for Drainage and other Works.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Oswestry in the County of Salop, acting as the Local Board for that District, have in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for works for the supply of water, and also for drainage and irrigation works.

And whereas the Baid Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the

S 2 Inspector

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board for the District of Oswestry aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Fourth day of March in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. /cv n

J (Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, are the following: —

No. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1 Field Mrs. Mary Jane Ormsby Gore. - John Jones.

2 Field Same - David Jones.

3 Cottage and Garden - Same Thomas Hughes Thomas Hughes.

4 Cottage and Garden - Same Same Alexander Humphreys.

5 Cottage Same Same Thomas Rogers.

6 Occupation Road Same, and Thomas Hughes. Thomas Hughes, Alex-| ander Humphreys, and Thomas Rogers.

7 Cottage and Garden - Mrs. Mary Jane Ormsby Gore. - John Williams.

8 9 Field, Footpath, and Stream. Turnpike Road Philip Jennings, Esq. The Trustees of the Oswestry District of Roads, Richard Jones Croxon, Clerk; George Owen, Surveyor. Richard Jones.

10 Field, Carriage Road, Stream, and Occupation Road. Philip Jennings, Esq. Richard Jones.

11 Field Same - Same.

12 Field and Stream Mrs. Mary Jane Ormsby Gore. - Sarah Hughes.

13 Plantation and Shrubbery. Same - In hand.

14 Lodge and Carriage Drive. Same - In hand, and Samuel Morris.

15 Field or Lawn Same ..... Same.

16 Field and Stream Same ..... Same.

17 Field and Stream, and Footpath. Philip Jennings - Richard Jones.

18 Field and Stream Mary Jane Ormsby Gore. ..... George Morrall Bicker-ton.

18a Garden and Stream - Same Same.

No.

on

Plan.

19 Field, Stream,

Hovel.

20 Occupation Road

and

George Henry War- -rington Carew.

Mary Smale -

21

22

23

Garden Ground

Turnpike Toll House and Gates.

Occupation Road

Mrs. Mary Jane -Ormsby Gore.

The Trustees of the -Oswestry District of Roads, Richard Jones Croxon,

Clerk; George Owen, Surveyor.

John Wynne Eyton, -Esq., Richard

Jones, and Ann Jane and Maria Roberts.

24

Turnpike Road

25

26 27

Field, Footpath, Stream, and Occupation Road.

Field, Footpath, and Stream.

Occupation Road

The Trustees of the Oswestry District of Roads, Richard Jones Croxon,

Clerk; George Owen, Surveyor.

Ann Jane and Maria -Roberts.

Rowland Jones -

Venables, Esq.

J ohn N ield, Thomas -Davies, Thomas Jones, James Red-robe, Jane Lloyd, William Richards, The Trustees of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Thomas McKier-nin, George Morris, Edward Tanner, Thomas Edwards, and John Evans.

Edward Edwards.

Elizabeth Baylis, Jane Jones, Josiah Williams, Mary Ann Bromley, Martha Peate, John Davies, Thomas Jones, and John Thomas.

In hand for Almshouses.

Edward Smith.

John Roberts, Thomas Price Parry, Richard Jones, Simon Roberts, Hugh Lang, Edward Lloyd, Henry Jones, and John Thomas.

Henry Jones.

Thomas Jackson.

John Nield, John Thomas, Jacob Williams, John Bayley, Thomas Evans, Richard Williamson, John Owens, William Mason, Samuel Cook-son, Edward Richards, Thomas Thomas, Joseph Phillips, Mary Jones, John Bromham, John Jones, Edward Davies, Edward Harwood, Peter Williams, William Lloyd, John Edwards, John Jones, Ann Leeke, Isaac Jones, Joseph Williams, Mary Morris, Charles Andrews, William Richards, Trustees of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Robert Jones, Joseph Alfred Ludlow, Mary Agnes Eyeley, Catherine Thomas, William Garbutt,

28

29

30

Chapel

Rope Walk, Stream, and Road. Occupation Road and Stream.

The Trustees of the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Samuel Ward, Job Lea, Edward Parry, and Thomas Rowlands.

Thomas McKiernin -

Susannah Pearce, -Richard Pearce, Robert Jones, Thomas Jones, and Thomas McKier-nin.

31

32

32a

House, Building, and Stream.

Timber Yard, Sheds, House, Garden, Stream, and Orchard.

Three Cottages, Workshop, and Garden.

Susannah Pearce - -Walter Edwards -

Henry Lewis

38

Occupation Road

- Richard Pearce, -Robert Jones, The Trustees of the Calvinistic Chapel, John Goodwin, Edward j Jones, Thomas j Davies, John j Richards, John I | Hurdsman, Rich- j i ard Yaughan, j j John Tunley, and.

James Richards,.

David Jones, William Jenkins, Robert Edwards, Richard Newill, James Thompson, Ellis Davies, Joseph Phillips, George Morris, Reverend Frederick Cashell, Edward Tanner, George Micklewright, Edward Bates, Robert Kelly, John Jones, Thomas Edwards, and John Evans.

In hand.

Richard Tomley, Thomas Jones, Richard Pearce, Mrs. Susan Davies Griffith Evans, Robert Jones, Thomas Madeley, Samuel Wrench, Isaac Williams, Henry Tooley, John Jones, David Evans, Henry Lloyd, Thomas McKiernin, Sarah Thomas, John Sangers, Edward Thomas, Joseph Townley, and David Roberts.

William Lewis.

Isaac Holland.

Henry Lewis, Francis Watson, and Lewis and Son.

William Jones, John Ellis, Thomas Morgan, John Edwards, William Williams, Edward Richards, Thomas Evans, Griffith Griffiths, Richard Pugh, Edward Jones, Mrs. Margaret Eaton, James Edwards, Samuel Sides, Robert Jones, Mrs. Catherine Sykes, John Jones, Job Gotridge, Peter Capper, Samuel

34

Turnpike Road

- The Commissioners of the Holyhead Road, John Haywood, Clerk.

35

36

Road

Wharves, Sidings, Railway, and Sheds.

Great Western Railway Company.

Same

i

Occupier*.

Tench, James Paddock, Elizabeth Jones, David Edwards, Richard Jones, William Jones, Edmund Bridden, Charles Woodworth, John Davies, Alfred Cluff, Catherine Jones, Robert Colly, Joseph Higgins, Samuel Daniels, Mrs. Mary Tunna, John Williams, John Evans, Henry Wright, Edwin Davies, Samuel Pearce, Edward Roberts, Daniel Campbell, Edward Price, John Thomas, Thomas Meredith, Edward Edwards, Thomas Oliver, Edwin James, Henry Green, Hugh Jones, William Frost, David Hughes, John Richards, Thomas Morgan, John Cowdry, William Jones, Thomas Hollings Pryce, William White, Thomas Trillow, j Thomas Hughes, Ed-l ward Lewis, John Jones, | Charles Bland, Isaac I Smith, Edward Grif-I fiths, George Allen, I Richard V aughan, J ohn Eaton, Thomas Bubb, and James Richards,.

- Great Western Railway

Company.

- Same, and William and

John Morris and James Morris.

37

Road, Wharf, Stream, Siding, and Railway.

The Cambrian Railway Company.

Thomas Savin.

37 a

Station

house.

and

Ware-

Same

Same.

38

Waste Land

- Thomas Savin -

- Thomas Savin.

39

Garden

- Boydell Jones -Croxon.

Henry Thomas.

4

39a

Occupation Road

- Same, and Henry and Ellen Thomas, Robert Evans, John Thomas, The Trustees of the Wesleyan Chapel, William Jones and Thomas Griffiths, Jane Bolver, Richard Hughes, and Catherine Whitridge.

40

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52 52a

53

54

Field and Stream Railway Shed9, Land" ing, and Sidings. Garden

Railway Siding

House, Buildings, Garden, and Road.

Turnpike Road

Garden Waste Land

Field and Stream Railway and Bridge, and Stream.

Occupation Road

Field

Field

Waste Land Turnpike Road

Field and Garden

* tTolin Jones The Cambrian Railway Company. William Morris Cambrian Railway Company, George Lewis, Secretary, and William and John Morris. Cambrian Railway Company, George Lewis, Secretary. The Commissioners of the Holyhead Road, John Haywood, Clerk.

The Reverend Thomas Salwey.

The Cambrian Railway Company, George Lewis, Secretary.

Joseph Bassett, Esq. The Cambrian Railway Company, George Lewis, Secretary.

Thomas Savin, Joseph Bassett, and William Moreton. Thomas Savin Same Same The Trustees of the Oswestry District of Roads, Richard Jones Croxon, Clerk; George Owen, Surveyor. Jackson Salter

Thomas Savin.

- Thomas Horner, John

Duncan, John Macgregor Mills, John M unslow, Nathaniel Pryce, John Thomas, Trustees of the Wesleyan Chapel, William Jones and Thomas Griffiths, Jane Bolver, John Criddle, Jonathan Cheeseman, John Jenkins, Thomas Edwards, Henry Knox, George Thomas, Thomas Ellis, James Revitt, William Warburton, Thomas Tunna, Ann Fagan, Joseph Ward.

- Edward Pryce.

- In hand.

Edward Mansell.

- William Brentnall.

- In hand.

- In hand.

- William Moreton.

- Same.

- Unoccupied.

- John Hughes.

141

No. on Flan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

55 Toll House, Gate, and Garden. The Commissioners of the Holyhead Road, John Haywood, Clerk.

56 Field The Reverend John Thomas, t - Giles Davies.

57 Yard and Outhouses - William Jones William Jones, George Jones, Robert Plimley, Frederick Plimley, Evan Edwards, and David Christopher Davies.

58 Garden Same ..... William Jones.

59 Garden Thomas Price. Charles Haswell.

60 Garden Thomas Cadwalladr ..... In hand.

61 Bark House or Shed - Robert Evans. - - v - In hand.

62 Tan Yard, Pits, and Store Rooms. Robert Evans - In hand.

63 Yard, Garden, Stream, and Buildings and Road. Philip Jennings, Edward Evans, George Evans, and Harriet Jones. Robert Blaikie, Edward Evans, Samuel Davies and David Williams, Samuel Dyas, Richard Rogers, Robert Samuel Williams, John Wright, Richard Price, Thomas Mitchell, David Morris Robert Walker, and Ellen Jones.

64 Field and Watercourse Charles Jones ..... James Thomas Jones.

65 Burial-ground and Watercourse. Thomas Salwey, Vicar, and the Churchwardens of Oswestry.

66 Occupation Road Edward Williams, Esq., Philip Jennings, Esq., James Redrobe, Mrs. Mary Jane Ormsby Gore, Reverend Ambrose Short, William Hughes, William Gilbert, James Bratton, Esq., and John Williams. Thomas Whittaker, Lydia Worton, Edward Rogers, William Gilbert, John Richards, Rees Daniel, Thomas Williams, William Hollis, John Powell, David Samuels, John Jones, Hugh Morris, Thomas Jones, Thomas Morris, Samuel Steven ton, William Colly, Mary Jones, Martha Evans, William Clarke, David Lloyd, Benjamin Shutt, Thomas Dunn.

67 Turnpike Road The Trustees of the Oswestry District of Roads, Richard Jones Croxon, Clerk; George Owen, Surveyor.

68 Turnpike Road and Toll Gate. Same.

69 Turnpike Road Same.

28 Vict. T

142

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25

BURY.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Bury in the County of Lancaster, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Bury Improvement Commissioners, acting under and by virtue of the Bury Improvement Act, 1846, acting as the Local Board for the District of Bury, in the County of Lancaster, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for works of street improvement within their District.

And whereas the said petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by Agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board for the District of Bury aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by Agreement.

Given under my hand, this First day of April, in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Sghe-

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, are the following:

No. on Flan. I Description of Property proposed to be taken. Names of Owners or j reputed Owners. i Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

No. 1.- -CASTLECROFT IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving a certain Street called Castlecboft, from the Independent Chapel to Bolton Street.

1 House and Shop The Earl of Derby. The Representatives of the late John Hill; namely, Charles Hill and James Hill. | The Representatives of the late John Hill; namely, Charles Hill and James Hill. Francis Frederick Weaver.

2 House, Yard, and Outbuilding. Ditto Ditto Ditto.

3 Cottage Ditto Ditto Esther Davenport.

4 Common Passage Ditto Ditto Esther Davenport, Francis Frederick Weaver, Jane Wool-fenden, John Moscrop, James Smith, James Chadwick, and Robert Chadwick.

5 Cottage Ditto Ditto Jane Woolfenden.

6 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. Ditto Ditto James Smith.

7 House, Yard, and Outbuilding. The Earl of Derby The Representatives of the late Alice Rothwell; namely, John Young, Thomas Pilkington, John Hill Pilkington, and Mary Hodgson, for Ann Bridge and Mary Rothwell. Thomas Collins.

8 House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings. Ditto Ditto Betty Booth.

9 Common Passage Ditto The Representatives of the late Alice Rothwell; namely, John Young, Thomas Pilkington, John Hill Pilkington, and Mary Hodgson, for Ann Bridge and Mary Rothwell, Samuel Buckley. Richard Scholes, Henry Mills, Henry Grease-ley, Betty Booth, Thomas Collins. 1

Description of Property Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

proposed to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

No. 2. — BOLTON STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving a certain Street called Bolton Street, from the House occupied by Dr. Barwise to a certain other Street called Hill Street.

1 Passage The Earl of Derby, William Hall. William Hall Robert Copeland Gregg, John Briercliffe.

2 House and Shop Ditto Ditto Robert Copeland Gregg.

3 Ditto Ditto William Hall, Robert Copeland Gragg. John Briercliffe.

4 Ditto The Earl of Derby, John Clarke, and John Cropper, Trustee for Jane Clarke. John Clarke and John Cropper, Trustee for Jane Clarke. | John Clarke.

No. 3. — THE WYLDE IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving certain Streets called Bolton Street and The Wylde.

1 Beerhouse, Yard, and Premises. The Earl of Derby, Thomas Norris. Thomas Norris Robert Walsh.

2 House and Shop Ditto Ditto John Whitehead.

3 Ditto Ditto Ditto Martha Hamer.

No. 4. — AGUR STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving the South-east Side of a certain Street called Agur Street.

1 Yard - The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representatives of the late Edmund Grundy, deceased, namely, Thomas Grundy, Edmund Grundy, Robert Grundy, and James Wrigley. The Representatives of the late Edmund Grundy, deceased, namely, Thomas Grundy, Edmund Grundy, Robert Grundy, and James Wrigley, Thomas Dewsbury Croft. Thomas Dewsbury Croft.

2 Dwelling House and Shop. The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Samuel Bullivant. Samuel Bullivant Patrick Mannion.

3 Dwelling House Ditto Ditto Ditto.

4 Ditto Ditto Ditto Isaac Whitehouse.

5 Yard Ditto Ditto John Duckworth.

6 Beerhouse, Yard, and Outbuildings. Ditto Ditto Ditto.

Description of Property Names of Owners Names of Lessees

proposed to be taken. or reputed Owners. or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

No. 5. — CROMPTON STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of making, laying out, and forming a new Street, in continuation of Crompton Street, from the existing termination of Crompton Street through the Cross Keys Yard, and forming an intersection with Fleet Street, at or near the House and Shop in the occupation of George Greaves.

1 House - The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, the Representatives of the late Richard Hamer; namely, James Hamer and John Hamer. The Representatives of the late Richard Hamer; namely, James Ilamer and John Hamer. Elizabeth Hamer.

2 House The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Betty Dean, and James Deau. Betty Dean and James Dean. Betty Dean and James Dean.

3 House - The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Ann Dean. Ann Dean George Rawson.

4 House The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, James Kay. James Kay Bernard Doherty.

6 House - The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representative of the late Joseph Smethurst; namely, Richard Battersby. The Representative of the late Joseph Smethurst; namely, Richard Battersby. John Conroy.

6 House Ditto Ditto Henry Howard.

7 House Ditto Ditto Ditto.

8 Common Passage The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, James Kay. James Kay Michael Bligh, Bernard Doherfy, William Pickles, Robert Hoyle, John Ramsbottom, Michael Hogan, and Robert Seddon.

9 House Ditto Ditto Michael Bligh.

10 House - Ditto Ditto Pilot Rawson.

r

No.

OR

Plan.

Description of Property Names of Owners or proposed to be taken. reputed Owners.

11

12

13

14

15

16

Part of Yard -

House

Warehouse, Chandler's Shop, Yard, and Outbuildings.

Chandler's Shop Cottage used as a Warehouse.

Privy, Yard, Ash-pit, and Coal-house.

The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle.

The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Thomas Crompton. The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle.

Ditto The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle.

Ditto

17

Bakehouse and tage.

Cot-

Ditto

18

Common Passage and The Reverend Yard. Edward James

Geoffrey Hornby. The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle, Thomas Crompton, James Kay.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Soarle, Joseph Entwistle.

Thomas Crompton

The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle, William Howard.

Ditto

The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle, William Howard.

The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle, Joseph Entwistle.

The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle.

The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle, Thomas Crompton, James Kay, Joseph Entwistle, William Howard.

Joseph Entwistle.

Thomas Crossley.

William Howard.

Ditto. William Howard.

Joseph Entwistle.

George Greaves.

Bernard Doherty, John Conroy, Honry

Howard, Michael Bligh, William Pickles, Robert Hoyle, John Ramsbottom, Michael Hogan, Robert Shed-don, Pilot Rawson, Joseph Entwistle, Thomas Crossley, William Howard, George Greaves, Thomas Crompton, William Warhurst, Benjamin Bassett, William O'Bryan, John Glyn.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25. 147

No. on Plan. i Description of Property proposed to be taken. i Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers,

19 Shop and Dwelling House. The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle. The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle. George Greaves.

20 House and Shop. Ditto The Representatives of the late William Searle; namely, Elizabeth Searle and Sarah Searle, Joseph Entwistle. Joseph Entwistle.

No. 6. — FLEET STREET IMPROVEMENT, No. 1.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving a certain Street called Fleet Street, from the corner of the Churchyard near the Red Lion Inn to the Gates forming the entrance to the Rectory, Bury.

1 Part of Churchyard - The Rector and Churchwardens of the Parish Church of Bury.

2 Public Footpath The Bury Improvement Commissioners. The Bury Improvement Commissioners. The Bury and Radclifie Waterworks Company.

3 Shop, Public House, Dwelling House, and Premises. The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Samuel Openshaw. Samuel Openshaw - Samuel Openshaw.

4 House and Shop The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Edward James Thompson, Roger Hillkirk, Mary Whitehead, James Hoitox Whitehead. Edward James Thompson, Roger Hillkirk, Mary Whitehead, James Horrox Whitehead. Samuel Bullivant

5 Ditto The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, William McLean. William McLean. Jonathan Entwistle.

6 Ditto The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Edward James Thompson, Roger Hillkirk, Mary Whitehead, James Horrox Whitehead. Edward James Thompson, Roger Hillkirk, Mary Whitehead, James Horrox Whitehead. Henry Dearden.

7 House, Shop, and Premises. Ditto Ditto Ralph Unsworth.

No.

on

Plan.

Description of Property proposed to be taken.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

10

11

12

Common Entry and Yard.

House, Shop, Yard, and Outbuilding.

House, Shop, and Premises.

House and Shop

The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Samuel Openshaw, Edward James Thompson, Roger Hillkirk, Mary | Whitehead, James HorroxWhitehead, William McLean, Margaret Norris and Harriet N orris, and their Trustees; namely, J ohn Hutchinson and Samuel Taylor, Lawrence Park.

The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Lawrence Park.

The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Margaret Norris and Harriet Norris, and their Trustees; namely, John Hutchinson and Samuel Taylor.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

13 Ditto

14 Ditto

- The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Joseph Newbold. Ditto

15

Common Yard

- The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Joseph Newbold.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Samuel Openshaw, Edward James Thompson, Roger Hillkirk, Mary Whitehead, James Horrox Whitehead, William McLean, Margaret Norris and Harriet Norris, and their Trustees; namely, John Hutchinson and Samuel Taylor, Lawrence Park, William Park, Benjamin Holland, William Walker, Joshua Fielding.

Lawrence Park, William Park.

Margaret Norris and Harriet Norris, and their Trustees; namely, John Hutchinson and Samuel Taylor, Benjamin Holland.

Margaret Norris and Harriet Norris, and their Trustees; namely, John Hutchinson and Samuel Taylor, William Walker.

Margaret Norris and Harriet Norris, and their Trustees; namely, John Hutchinson and Samuel Taylor, Joshua Fielding.

Joseph Newbold, Joseph Dearden.

Joseph Newbold, William Henry Dow n ham.

Joseph Newbold, Joseph Dearden, William Henry Down-ham.

tobert Reeves Clark, Ralph Unsworth, Jonathan Entwistle, Henry Dearden,

William Park, Samuel Openshaw, John Whitehead, Sarah Moran, Michael

McNichols, Charles Brown, John Bannan, Sarah Ann Yates, James McLachlan, Thomas Halstead, Benjamin Holland, William Walker, Samuel Bullivant, James Thornman, Thomas Hyland.

William Park.

Benjamin Holland.

William Walker.

Unoccupied.

Joseph Dearden.

William Henry Down-ham.

Joseph Dearden, William Henry Downham.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

149

No. Description of Property Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or (iJkAti v\i

on Plan. proposed to be taken. reputed Owners. i reputed Lessees. V/CvUpivin *

No. 7. — FLEET STREET IMPROVEMENT, No. 2.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving the South Side of Fleet Street, by the purchase of a projecting Beerhouse near the White Horse Inn.

1 Beerhouse and Pre- i The Reverend 1 I Lawrence King William Kay.

mises. Edward James i William Kay. 1

Geoffrey Hornby, 1

Lawrence King.

No. 8. — TITHE-BARN STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving a certain Street called Tithe-Barn Street.

l 1 House, Shop, Yard, i and Premises. 1 The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Matthew Weston and Ellen Isabella his Wife. Matthew Weston and Ellen Isabella his Wife. Henry Vickerman.

2 House and Shop The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Joseph Newbold. Joseph Newbold Eliza Shaw.

3 Cottage Ditto Ditto James Kay.

4 Rectory Garden The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Reverend Edward J ames Geoffrey Hornby.

No. 9. — MOORSIDE IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving a certain Street called Paradise Street, from a Yard, Beerhouse, and Premises occupied by Thomas Greenwood to Moorside.

1 Beerhouse, Dwelling-house, Yard, and Outbuildings.

2

House, Shop, Outbuildings.

and

The Earl of Derby, t James Armstrong Varley, Ellen Porter. The Exe- I cutors of the late John Kay; namely, William Henry Kay and John Porter.

Ditto

James Armstrong Varley, Ellen Porter. The Executors of the late John Kay; namely, William Henry Kay and John Porter, Edward Barlow and Robert Edmondson, the Bury Brewery Company (Limited).

; James Armstrong Varley, Ellen j Porter. The Executors of the late j John Kay; namely,

I William Henry Kay | and John Porter.

Thomas Greenwood.

Ellen Porter.

28 VICT.

U

No.

on

Description of Property Names of Owners or 1 1 Names of Lessees or

1 proposed to be taken. 1; reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

No. 10. — CROSS STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of making, laying out, and forming a certain new Street in continuation of Cross Street, from Clerke Street to the White Lion Yard, and forming a Junction with Rock Street.

1 Beerhouse, Dwelling j House, Yard, Stable, ' and Outbuildings.

2

3

4

5

6

7

Brewhouse Stable Open Yard House and Yard House

House and Warehouse

i

i

i

t

8

9

10

Cart-house House -

Part of Common Yard

i

11 House used as a Salt Warehouse.

12 House and Warehouse

13 House and Shop

I

The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Thomas Horrocks. Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

Ditto -

The Reverend i Edward James 1 Geoffrey Hornby. The Representative of the late William Porter Holt; namely, Betty Holt.

Ditto Ditto The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. Thomas Horrocks, the Representative of the late William Porter Holt; namely, Betty Holt.

The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representative of the late William Porter Holt, namely, Betty Holt.

Ditto The Reverend Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, the Trustees of Isaac Wood, deceased, William Adams Sherlock and John Edmondson, the said John Edmondson and Isabella, his Wife,

J ohnThomas Sher -lock and Hannah

Thomas Horrocks

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

The Representative of the fate William PorterHolt; namely, Betty Holt.

Ditto Ditto Thomas Horrocks. The Representative of the late William PorterHolt; namely, Betty Holt

The Representative of the late William PorterHolt; namely, Betty Holt.

Ditto

The Trustees of Isaac Wood, deceased, William Adams Sherlock and John Edmondson, the said John Edmondson and Isabella his Wife, John Thomas Sherlock and Hannah his Wife, and their Trustees, the said William Adams

William Kenyon.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

John Green. Richard Wardle. Michael Mannion.

Ditto.

Ditto.

William Kenyon, John Green, Richard Wardle, Michael Mannion, Hannah Kenyon.

William Kenyon and Hannah Kenyon.

Ditto.

John Ashworth.

151

No.

on

Plan.

Description of Property proposed to be taken.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

14 I House and Yard

15 I House and Yard

16 | House

17 i House

his Wife, and their Trustees, the said William Adams Sherlock and John Edmond-! son, Redmond Realli and Martha his Wife.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto - - 1

Names of Lessees

or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Sherlock, and John Edmondson, Redmond Realli and Martha his Wife.

Ditto - Samuel Gregory.

Ditto - 1 Norris Bentley.

Ditto - John Ho wart h.

Ditto - Robert Cook.

No. 11. — STANLEY STREET IMPROVEMENT.

Showing the Lands proposed to be taken for the purpose of widening, altering, and improving a certain Street called Stanley Street.

House and Buildings used as Offices and Boardroom.

House and Shop

House and Shop

The Reverend

Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Bury Improvement Commissioners.

The Reverend

Edward James Geoffrey Hornby. The Representatives of the late Squire Horrocks; namely, Robert Carlisle and John Costeker.

Ditto

The Bury Improve- The Bury Improvement ment Commissioners. Commissioners.

The Representatives j Robert Scholes. of the late Squire j Horrocks; namely, j Robert Carlyle and John Costeker. j Jacob Scholes.

The Representatives John Bird, of the late Squire Horrocks; namely,

Robert Carlyle and John Costeker.

John Bird.

HEAP.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Middle Division of Heap in the County of Lancaster, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of the aforesaid District for Street Improvements therein.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of the Middle Division of Heap, in the County of Lancaster, have in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation

U 2 Act,

152

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for works of street improvement, and for other public works within the said District.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject-matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board for the District of the Middle Division of Heap, in the County of Lancaster, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Twenty-eighth day of March, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, are the following: —

No .; on '* Planj

Description of Property proposed to be taken.

Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

FIRST PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the improvement of Bridge Street.

1 Cottage

2 Cottage

3 House and Shop

- j Robert Leigh, John -i Farnworth, and

i James Clegg Ker-i shaw.

- j Ditto -

- Samuel Schofield, -

and Executors of John Hardman.

- Mary Spencer.

- James Ashworth.

- Thomas Chadwiok

I Description of Property Names of Owners or 1 Names of Lessees or

Plan proposed to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

SECOND PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the improvement of Church Street.

4 Land William Langton, Charles Langton, William Hornby. 1 I 1 j John Howarth.

5 Land Edward James Geoffrey Hornby, Julius Shadwell. i i

6 Public House and Yard. Margaret Berkett j Mark Whitehead 1 Mark Whitehead.

7 Stable and Brewhouse Ditto Ditto Ditto.

8 Cottage and Yard Ditto i 1 Edmund Cropper.

9 Ditto Ditto - 1 Joseph Richardson.

10 Ditto Ditto - | Josiah Livsey.

11 Ditto Ditto - Nelson Grimshaw.

12 Common Passage Ditto Edmd. Cropper, Joseph Richardson, Josiah Livsey, and Nelson Grimshaw.

13 Cottage and Yard James Morris ... John Diggle.

14 Ditto Ditto - John Moore.

15 House, Shop, and Yard. 1 1 Ditto 1 William Crabtree - William Crabtree.

16 Ditto - - Ditto ..... Robert Whitworth.

17 Cottage Ditto - Samuel Landale.

18 Ditto - - Ditto. Joseph Medcalf.

19 20 Ditto - - | Ditto - - | Ditto Ditto. i 1 Jacob Livsey.

21 Ditto Ditto ..... Richard Marsden.

22 House and Shop Ditto Joseph Moore Joseph Moore.

23 House, Yard, Slaughter House, and Wood Shed. Ditto. Edmund Horrocks.

24 Common Yard Ditto i i William Crabtree, Robert Whitworth, Samuel Landale, Joseph Medcalf, Jacob Livsey, Richard Marsden, Joseph Moore, and Edmund Horrocks.

COCKERMOUTH.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the Cockermouth Local Board District, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board otherxcise than by Agreement

Whereas the Local Board in and for the District of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises for the purpose of constructing waterworks, sewerage works, a market place, and fair ground within this District, and for

other

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

other purposes set forth and described in such petition and shown upon the plans accompanying the same.

And whereas the said petition duly set forth in the Schedules annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed inquiry, and report has been duly made to me thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct.

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The Local Board for the said District of Cockermouth shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the lands, buildings, and premises referred to and described in the Schedules to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand, this Twenty-fourth day of March in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedules referred to in the preceding Order.

The Lands, Buildings, and Premises proposed to be taken for the Purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and situate in the District of Cockermouth, are the following: —

No. I on i Plan. I

Description of Property Names of Owners or 1 Names of Lessees or proposed to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Pieces of Land and Premises proposed to be taken.

1 Field

2 Occupation Road

Andrew Green j Peter Thomas Atkin-1 Peter Thompson. son and Anthony I son

I Atkinson.

Same

1 3 i Waste Land 1 Same m m ' I son. Andrew Green Thomp-

Bed and Banks of the i Same. m m son. Andrew Green Thomp-

0 River Cocker. Field i: William Wood, son and Jeremiah Spencer. Henry Scott Allison.

6 Field Hannah Wood, and Joseph Wood, j Revd. John Words- i 1 John Graham John Graham.

i worth. 1 1

Thomas Atkin-and Anthony; Atkinson.

- The Cockermouth, Keswick, and Penrith Railway Company, j John Pearson, William Smethurst, Matthew Spedding, Peter Thomas Atkinson, Anthony Atkinson, and Andrew Green Thomp-

Description of Property | Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or plan proposed to be taken. repnted Owners. 1 reputed Lessees.

Pieces of Land and Premises through and over which Powers to make Sewers, &c.

are proposed to be exercised.

7 Turnpike Road

8

Railway and the Banks and Waste Land on each side thereof.

9

Field

Trustees of the Cockermouth and Workington Turnpike Roads.

The Cockermouth and Workington, and Cockermouth, Keswick, and Penrith Railway Companies.

Revd. John Wordsworth.

John Graham

i

- Trustees of the Cocker *

mouth and Workington Turnpike Roads.

- The Cockermouth and

Workington, and Cockermouth, Keswick, and Penrith Railway Companies.

- | John Graham.

COCKERMOUTH.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Cockermouth Local Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, require to carry out, under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, works of a permanent nature, consisting of works of sewerage and water supply, and to lay out and construct a fair and market ground, within their District; but the sum that will be required to carry out and complete the said works will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Act within such District.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole the amount of 19,000i. on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board under the powers of the Local Government Act, 1858, the said sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct as follows: —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

The Local Board for the District of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, shall have power and authority to borrow any sum or sums for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works, being works of a permanent nature, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the Local Board aforesaid, under the aforesaid Act, the said sum or sums not exceeding 19,000i., that amount also not exceeding in the whole two years' assessable value of the premises assessable under such Act within the aforesaid District; the whole of such sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Fifth day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gref.

Matlock.

156

28° VICTORIAE, c. 25.

MATLOCK.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Matlock in the County of Derby under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas a petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and duly signed by a majority of the owners and ratepayers of the District of Matlock Bath, as settled for the purposes of the aforesaid Act, and of Scarthin Nick, — Scarthin Nick to commence at or near to the north corner of the field of land numbered 2310 on the plan made for the commutation of the tithes of the Parish of Matlock, and to

Proceed thence along the north-westwardly fence of the field numbered 2311 on the said 'ithe Commutation Plan to the boundary which divides the Parish of Bonsall from the Parish of JMatlock, and thence in a southwardly direction along such boundary to the boundary which divides the Township of Cromford from the Parish of Matlock, and thence in a south-eastwardly direction along the last-mentioned boundary to the river Derwent, and thence in a westwardly direction along the bank of the river to the District of Matlock Bath, — which said District of Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick form part of the Parish of Matlock in the County of Derby, by which Parish the aforesaid Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, praying for the separation of the aforesaid parts from the said District of the Parish of Matlock.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been duly made to me thereon.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The District of the Local Board for the Parish of Matlock in the County of Derby, by which the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted as aforesaid, be altered by so much of the aforesaid District as is comprised within the boundaries of the District of Matlock Bath, as settled under the provisions and for the purposes of the said Act, and of Scarthin Nick, as herein-before described, being excluded from the District of the aforesaid Local Board for the Parish of Matlock.

2. — At every election of members of the Local Board aforesaid which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the members to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District of the Matlock Local Board, as altered by this Order, and by the votes of owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situate within the District so altered as aforesaid.

Given under my hand this Fifteenth day of June in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four.

(Signed) G. Grey.

BROMSGROVE.

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, as constituted for the Purposes of the Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77 th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and duly signed by the Local Board for the District of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, praying for an alteration of the boundaries of the said District, by the addition of a piece of land shown on the plan annexed to the said Petition, and which is required for the purpose of forming part of a new road, and is part of and situated within the Parish of Stoke Prior.

And

157

28' VICTORIA, c. 25, 26.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct, —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

1. — The District of the aforesaid Local Board for Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester

be altered by the addition of the aforesaid piece of land to the aforesaid District.

2. — At every election of members of the Local Board for the District of Bromsgrove

aforesaid which shall take place after the passing of the Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the members to be elected shall be elected for the whole of the District as extended by this Order, and by the votes of owners of, and ratepayers in respect of, property situate within the District so extended.

Given under my hand this Eighth day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to provide for Superannuation Allowances to Officers of Unions in Ireland.

[26th May 1865.]

WHEREAS is expedient that Provision should be made to enable Superannuation 1 Allowances to be granted to Officers of Unions in Ireland who become disabled by Infirmity or Age to discharge the Duties of their Offices Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Guardians of any Union in Ireland may, at their Discretion, with the Consent of the Commissioners for administering the Laws for Relief of the Poor in Ireland, grant to any Officer whose whole Time has been devoted to the Service of the Union, and who shall become incapable of discharging the Duties of his Office with Efficiency, by reason of permanent Infirmity of Mind or Body, or of old Age, upon his resigning or otherwise ceasing to hold his Office, an annual Allowance not exceeding in any Case Two Thirds of his then Salary, and shall charge such Allowance to the same Account as that to which such Salary would have been charged if he had continued in his Office.

2. This Allowance shall be payable to or in trust for such Officer only, and shall not be assignable nor chargeable with his Debts or other Liabilities.

3. No Officer shall be entitled to such Allowance on the Ground of Age who shall not have completed the full Age of Sixty Years, and shall not have served as an Union Officer for Twenty Years at the least.

4. No Grant shall be made without One Month's previous Notice, to be specially given in Writing to every Guardian of the Union, of the Proposal to make such Grant, and the Time when it shall be brought forward.

5. The Words herein used shall be interpreted in the Manner prescribed by the Acts in force for the Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

28 VICT.

X

Power to Guardians, with Consent of Poor Law Commissioners, to grant Superannuation Allowances to Officers in certain Cases.

Such Allowances not to be assignable, &c.

Limitation of Grants of Allowances.

Notice of Grant to be given to Guardians.

Interpretation of Words herein used.

158

When Committee report " Preamble not proved," Opponents to be entitled to recover Costs.

When Committee report unanimously " Opposition unfounded," Promoters to be entitled to recover Costs.

[Proviso.]

Costs to be taxed.

Powers of Taxing Officer.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 27.

Cap. xxvir.

An Act for awarding Costs in certain Cases of Private Bills.

[26th May 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to empower Committees of both Houses of Parliament on Private Bills to award Costs in certain Cases Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L When the Committee on a Private Bill shall decide that the Preamble is not proved, or shall insert in such Bill any Provision for the Protection of any Petitioner, or strike out or alter any Provision of such Bill for the Protection of such Petitioner, and further unanimously report, with respect to any or all of the Petitioners against the Bill, that such Petitioner or Petitioners has or have been unreasonably or vexatiously subjected to Expense in defending his or their Rights proposed to be interfered with by the Bill, such Petitioner or Petitioners shall be entitled to recover from the Promoters of such Bill his or their Costs in relation thereto, or such Portion thereof as the Committee may think fit, such Costs to be taxed by the Taxing Officer of the House as herein-after mentioned, or the Committee may award such a Sum for Costs as they shall think fit, with the Consent of the Parties affected.

2. When the Committee on a Private Bill shall decide that the Preamble is proved, and further unanimously report that the Promoters of the Bill have been vexatiously subjected to Expense in the Promotion of the said Bill by the Opposition of any Petitioner or Petitioners against the same, then the Promoters shall be entitled to recover from the Petitioners, or such of them as the Committee shall think fit, such Portion of their Costs of the Promotion of the Bill as the Committee may think fit, such Costs to be taxed by the Taxing Officer of the House as herein-after mentioned, or such a Sum for Costs as the Committee shall name, with the Consent of the Parties affected; and in their Report to the House the Committee shall state what Portion of the Costs, or what Sum for Costs, they shall so think fit to award, together with the Names of the Parties liable to pay the same and the Names of the Parties entitled to receive the same: Provided always, that no Landowner who bona fide at his own sole Risk and Charge opposes a Bill which proposes to take any Portion of the said Petitioner's Property for the Purposes of the BUI shall be liable to any Costs in respect of his Opposition to such Bill.

3. On Application made to the Taxing Officer of the House by such Promoters or Petitioners, or by their Solicitors or Parliamentary Agents, not later than Six Calendar Months after the Report of such Committee, and in Cases where no Sum shall have been named by the Committee, with the Consent of the Parties affected, not until One Month after a Bill of such Costs shall have been delivered to the Party chargeable therewith, which Bill shall be sealed with the Seal or subscribed with the proper Hand of the Parties claiming such Costs, or of their Solicitor or Parliamentary Agent, the Taxing Officer shall examine and tax such Costs, and shall deliver to the Parties affected, or either or any of them, on Application, a Certificate signed by himself expressing the Amount of such Costs, or in Cases where a Sum for Costs shall have been named by the Committee, with the Consent as aforesaid, such Sum as shall have been so named, with the Name of the Party liable to pay the same, and the Name of the Party entitled to receive the same, and such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence as well of the Amount of the Demand as of the Title of the Party therein named to recover the same from the Party therein stated to be liable to the Payment thereof; and the Party claiming under the same shall, upon Payment thereof, give a Receipt at the Foot of such Certificate, which shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same.

4. All Powers given to the Taxing Officer by the Acts Ten and Eleven Victoria, Chapter Sixty-nine, and Twelve and Thirteen Victoria, Chapter Seventy-eight, with reference to the Examination of Parties and Witnesses on Oath, and with reference to the Production of Documents, and with reference to* the Fees payable in respect of any Taxation, shall be vested in the Taxing Officer for the Purposes of this Act.

5. The

28° VICTORIAE, c. 27, 28. 159

5. The Party entitled to such taxed Costs, or such Sum named by the Committee, with Recovery of such Consent as aforesaid, or his Executors or Administrators, may demand the whole Co*jwliei1

Amount thereof, so certified as above, from any One or more of the Persons liable to the Payment thereof, and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand may recover the same by Action of Debt in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or by Action in the Court of Session in Scotland. In such Action it shall be euflicient, in England or Ireland, for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to him in the Sum mentioned in the said Certificate; and the said Plaintiff shall, upon filing the said Declaration, together with the said Certificate and an Affidavit of such Demand as aforesaid, be at liberty to sign Judgment as for Want of Plea by Nil dicit, and take out Execution for the said Sum so mentioned in the said Certificate, together with the Costs of the said Action, according to due Course of Law: Provided always, that the Validity of such Certificate shall not be called in question in any Court.

6. In such Action it shall be sufficient, in Scotland, for the Pursuer to allege that the Form of Action Defender is indebted to him in the Sum mentioned in the said Certificate, under the like " Scotland-Proviso in regard to the Validity of the Certificate.

7. In every Case it shall be lawful for any Person from whom the Amount of such Costs Persons paying

or Sum named by the Committee with Consent as aforesaid has been so recovered to recover 00818 "y from the other Persons, or any of them, who are liable to the Payment of such Costs or Sum from

named by the Committee with Consent as aforesaid a proportionate Share thereof, according other Persons to the Number of Persons so liable, and according to the Extent of the Liability of each thereto. Person.

8. In any Case in which the Committee shall have reported that the Preamble is not When Com-proved, and where, in accordance with the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament

and of an Act of the Ninth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty, a Deposit of proved," Pro-

Money or Stock is made with respect to the Application to Parliament for an Act, the moters to pay

Money or Stock so deposited shall be a Security for the Payment by the Promoters of the of

Bill for the Act of all Costs or Sums in respect of Costs, if any, payable by them under this Act; and every Party entitled to receive any Costs or Slim so payable shall accordingly

have a Lien available in Equity for the same on the Money or Stock so deposited, and the

Lien shall attach thereon at the Time when the Bill is first referred to a Committee of

either House of Parliament; provided that where several Parties have the Lien for an

Amount exceeding in the aggregate the net Value of the Money or Stock, their respective

Claims shall proportionately abate.

9. When a Bill is not promoted by a Company already formed, all Persons whose Definition of Names shall appear in such Bill as promoting the same, and in the event of the Bill passing 1>romoters-the Company thereby incorporated, shall be deemed to be Promoters of such Bill for all

the Purposes of this Act.

10. For the Purposes of this Act the Expression Private Bill shall extend to and include Meaning of any Bill for a Local and Personal Act. Private Bill,

1L That this Act shall not take effect before the First Day of November One thousand Commence-eight hundred and sixty-five. ment of Act

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act to authorize certain Payments out of the Land Revenues of the Crown to provide Compensation for certain Claims in the Isle of Man.

[26th May 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act of Tynwald was passed and promulgated by the Legislature of the

Isle of Man, entitled " The Isle of Man Disafforesting Act, 1860," and by such Act

certain Commissioners were to be appointed for carrying the same into execution, and by

160

28° VICTORIA c. 28.

9 the Fifth Section of such Act such Commissioners were directed to ascertain, subject to 9 the Proviso in that Section contained, the Boundaries of the Lands in the Forest in the

Isle of Man uninclosed or which ought to be uninclosed, which Lands so intended to be 9 ascertained were therein-after called the uninclosed Forest, and to determine all Claims

relating to such Boundaries, which Boundaries, as ascertained by the said Commissioners, it was enacted should be conclusively deemed to be the true Boundaries of the uninclosed Forest for all the Purposes of that Act, provided that it should not be lawful for the said Commissioners to include within the said Boundaries any Part of the Shore of the Sea, or of any Creek, Bay, or Inlet thereof, so far as the Tide flowed at ordinary Spring Tides;

and by the Sixth Section of the same Act the Commissioners were empowered, subject as 9 in the said Act is mentioned, to sell any Part of the uninclosed Forest to defray Expenses; and by the Eighth Section of the same Act the said Commissioners were directed to receive Evidence as to the Nature and Value of the Rights of Her Majesty in the uninclosed

Forest (other than the Rights in the same Section specified), and to allot to Her Majesty

such Part of the uninclosed Forest, subject as in the said Act mentioned, as the said Commissioners should deem to be a sufficient and adequate Compensation for the said Rights of Her Majesty; and by the said Act it was enacted that the Part of the uninclosed Forest 9 to be so allotted to Her Majesty should, on the making of the First Award in the said Act 9 mentioned, remain or be absolutely vested in Her Majesty in right of Her Crown, as Part 9 of the Possessions and Land Revenues of the Crown, freed from all Rights and Claims whatsoever, and that the Residue of the uninclosed Forest, in the said Act called the 9 Commoners Allotment (after making the Sales and Allotments in the said Act mentioned), 9 should, on making the First Award, and subject as in the said Act mentioned, be held by Her Majesty (until the same might be inclosed under the Second Award in the said Act mentioned) in trust for the several Persons for the Time being entitled to Rights 9 of Common over the uninclosed Forest; and by the Fourteenth Section of the same 9 Act it was provided, that, until the First Award had been made, any Memorandum

in Writing under the Hands of the Commissioners of that Act, or any Two of them, should be sufficient Evidence of any Decision of such Commissioners; and by the said Act, after the making of the First Award, the Commissioner, in the said Act called the Third Commissioner, was directed to ascertain, by the Award, in the said Act 9 called the Second Award, the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common over the uninclosed Forest, and to divide and allot the Commoners Allotment among such Persons, 9 to set out Turbaries, Roads, Ways, and Fences, and to sell Land for Payment of 9 Expenses: And whereas another Act of Tynwald was passed and promulgated in the last Year, entitled " An Act for making Compensation for certain Claims in regard to 9 certain Lands affected by the Isle of Man Disafforesting Act, 1860/' whereby, after reciting the last mentioned Act, and that George Wingrove Cooke> Nathan Wethtrell ((the Third Commissioner), and James Henry Patteson, Esquires, Barristers-at-Law, the Commissioners appointed to carry the said first-recited Act into execution, by a Memorandum in Writing dated the Twenty-fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, under their Hands, after reciting that they had ascertained the Boundaries of the Lands in the said Forest uninclosed or which ought to be uninclosed, did thereby make their Declaration of the Boundaries of the uninclosed Forest in manner therein mentioned; and the said Commissioners further declared that it was their Intention that their Declaration should be construed with reference to certain Plans or Maps thereunto annexed, and that in case of any Doubt or Ambiguity arising from any Statement in that Declaration the Boundary Line indicated on the said Plans or Maps was on all Occasions to be deemed to afford conclusive Evidence as to the Direction of the true Boundary Line of the said uninclosed Forest; and further reciting that the said Commissioners had taken divers Proceedings under the first-recited Act, but that they had not made their First Award pursuant thereto; and further reciting that certain Claims were made before the said Commissioners to Portions of the uninclosed Forest as defined by the first-recited Act, and by the said Declaration of Boundaries, upon the alleged Grounds that Licences granted by or on behalf of the Lord for the Time being of the Isle of Man were in existence authorizing the Inclosure of the Lands 9 therein and in the said Claims described, under which Licences the Claimants were

9 entered

161

28° VICTORIAE, c. 28.

entered as Tenants on the Lord's Books, and had regularly paid Rent to the Lord or Lady of the Isle for the Time being, and some of the said Claims were disallowed by the said Commissioners, and that it was reasonable that such Compensation in respect of certain of the said Claims so disallowed, and of such other Claims as might thereafter be made and allowed, should be made as was by that Act provided; it is by the Act of Tynwald now in recital enacted, that the Provisions of the same shall be carried into execution by the Third Commissioner for the Time being under The Isle of Man Disafforesting Act, 1860 and it is further enacted that out of the Monies therein-after mentioned, and called the Compensation Fund, the Third Commissioner shall be paid such 4 a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Pounds, as the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales shall think reasonable, by way of Remuneration for carrying the Act now in recital into execution; and that the Commissioner shall also, out of the same Fund, pay or retain all Costs and Expenses of employing any Land Surveyor and Valuer, and all other reasonable Expenses to be incurred by the Third Commissioner in the Performance of his Duties under the same Act, subject to the Allowance by the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales of all Sums to be paid or retained out of the Compensation Fund; and after making certain other Provisions, including Provisions for giving Notice lor Claims to be sent in, and for hearing Claims and Objections thereto, it is enacted that the Third Commissioner shall not allow a Claim to Compensation in any of the following Cases; that is to say, 1. Unless the Claim was made before the Commissioners under The Isle of Man Disafforesting Act, 1860," and was disallowed by them on the Ground that the Terms of the Fifth Section of such Act precluded them from entertaining the same; 4 2. Or, in case where no Claim was made before the Commissioners, unless the Claimant was precluded or deemed himself to be precluded from making such Claim by reason of any Decision of the Commissioners to the Effect mentioned in the First Part of that Section; 4 3. Unless there is a Licence in existence, or sufficient Proof of a Licence having been granted, and not cancelled or disallowed by the Great Inquest, for the Inclosure of the Land in respect of which the Claim is made, and unless the Claimant or Person through whom he claims has been entered as the Tenant thereof in the Lords Books, and has paid Rent for the said Land to the Lord; 4. Unless the Boundaries of the Land in respect of which the Claim is made can be identified with the Description in the Licence, to the Satisfaction of the Third Commissioner; and, 5. Where any other Land than that in respect of which the Claim is made has been already inclosed under the Licence or Licences upon which the Claim is founded; and it is further enacted that the Decisions of the Third Commissioner upon all Claims to Compensation, and all other Matters referred to him under the Act now in recital, shall be final and conclusive; and it is further enacted that the Third Commissioner shall ascertain and decide what, at the Time of the Promulgation of The Isle of Man Disafforesting Act, 1860," was the fair and reasonable marketable Value of the respective Interests of the several Persons whose Claims to Compensation may be established under the Act now in recital in the Lands referred to in their respective Claims, as such Lands and Interests then existed, and shall pay the Amount of the Value of each Claim to the Claimant, or to any Person legally entitled under him, out of the Compensation Fund, and shall apply the Balance, if any, of such Fund in manner following, that is to say. One Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and the other Moiety shall be applied by the Third Commissioner as Part of the Second Award Fund mentioned in the recited Act; and in case it shall happen that the Compensation Fund, after Payment of the Remuneration, Costs, and Expenses by the Act now in recital directed to be defrayed thereout is not sufficient to satisfy the aggregate Value of the Claims to Compensation allowed under such Act, such Fund, after such Payments thereout as aforesaid, shall be apportioned and be divided by the Third Commissioner between and among the Claimants whose Claims are allowed by him according to the Value of their respective Claims, and such apportioned Parts shall be paid accordingly; and it is further enacted that, in order to provide the Fund in the Act now in recital called the Compensation Fund, to defray the Remuneration, Costs, and Expenses by such Act directed to be paid or retained thereout, and to answer such Claims as may be established before the Third Commissioner, there shall, subject as in the same Act mentioned, be raised such Sums,

Commissioners of Woods, with Consent of Treasury, may make certain Payments out of Land Revenue to meet Claims in second-recited Act of Tynwald.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 28, 29.

not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; and it is further enacted that the Compensation Fund shall be raised 1 in the Manner following, that is to say, One Moiety thereof shall, if the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland shall so direct, be paid to the Third Commissioner by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues out of the Capital of Her Majesty's Land Revenue, and the other Moiety shall be raised and paid to the Third Commissioner by the Sale by the said Commissioner, in manner by that Act provided, of a Part of the Land which in the first-recited Act is described as the Commoners Allotment: Provided always, that no larger Sum than Two thousand five hundred Pounds in the whole shall be paid to the Compensation Fund by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, and that no larger Sum than Two thousand five hundred Pounds in the whole shall be paid to the Compensation Fund by the Third Commissioner, out of the Proceeds of Sale of Part or Parts of the said Commons Allotment; and that if, in order to raise the Moiety of the Compensation Fund to be raised out of the Proceeds of Sale of Part or Parts of such Allotment, any Sale or Sales shall take place which shall realize a net Sum exceeding in the whole Two thousand five hundred Pounds, the Amount of such Excess shall be applied by the Third Commissioner as Part

of the Second Award Fund, under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act; and that the said Commissioner shall return to the Lieutenant-Governor, for the Information of the Public, an Account of all Monies which may have been received by him from the Sale of Lands under the Authority of the same Act, and of the Mode in which the same shall have been disbursed and applied; and the said Act of Tynwald now in recital contains Provisions relative to the Sale of Part of the Commoners Allotment to raise One Moiety of the Compensation Fund for making of the Award of the Third Commissioner, and for saving of Rights under the first-recited Act: And whereas it is expedient that the Commissioner8 of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues should, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, be authorized to pay, out of the Capital of Her Majesty's Land Revenue, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole

the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, as may be necessary to provide One Moiety of the Compensation Fund mentioned in the second-recited Act of Tynwald:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows; that is to say,

1. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues may, with the previous Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, pay out of the Capital of Her Majesty's Land Revenue such Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds, as may be necessary to provide One Moiety of the Compensation Fund mentioned in the second-recited Act of Tynwald; and a Statement of every or any Payment so made, and of the Mode in which the same has been applied, shall be contained in the annual Report ta Parliament which shall be first made by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues after such Payment takes place.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million Pounds by Exchequer Bonds for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

[26th May 1865.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of

Parliament,

28° VICTORIAE, c. 29. 163

Parliament, have resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Sum hereinafter mentioned 5 and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Treasury may Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury at any Time or Times, but not later than the Thirty-first Day of Bonds.0 eqU*r

March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, to cause any Number of Exchequer Bonds

to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of

Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds, and such Bond shall

bear such Interest as shall be determined by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Four

Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be paid off at Par at the Expiration of any Period

or Periods not exceeding Five Years from the Date of such Bonds.

2. The Interest on such Bonds shall be paid half-yearly on such Days as shall be Interest on appointed by the said Commissioners, and shall be charged upon and issued out of the Bonds, and Re-Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, or out of the growing Produce thereof; and p^ipai° the Principal Monies secured by such Bonds shall be repaid out of such Money as shall Money.

be provided by Parliament in that Behalf.

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant Treasury may under their Hands, cause or direct the Exchequer Bonds to be issued under the Authority ^Bonds of this Act to be prepared for such Principal Sums, not less in any Case than One hundred to be prepared Pounds, together with Receipts or Certificates specifying the Interest from Time to Time and issued, accruing thereon, to be made out in such Manner and Form and bearing such Date as

shall be fixed by the said Commissioners; and such Exchequer Bonds and the Interest accruing thereon respectively shall be transferable by the Delivery of such Bonds, and of the Receipts or Certificates for such Interest thereon respectively; and the said Commissioners may from Time to Time, subject to the Provisions herein contained, prescribe and regulate how and by what Officer or Officers such Exchequer Bonds shall be signed or otherwise authenticated, and provide for the Manner of Payment of the Interest accruing thereon, and also for the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of any such Bonds worn or defaced which may be delivered up to be cancelled, and for the Issue of new Bonds in lieu of such Exchequer Bonds as may be lost, at such Times, upon such Securities, and under such Conditions and Precautions as they may think fit, and generally make such Regulations for the Safety and Convenience of the Holders of such Bonds, and the Payment of Interest upon the Production or Delivery of such Receipts or Certificates, or otherwise, as they may think fit; and the said Commissioners may, by such Regulations as aforesaid, provide, if they shall see fit, for the Registration of any such Bonds as may be delivered up by the Holders thereof for that Purpose, and for the Delivery of Certificates of such Registration in lieu thereof, which shall be transferable by Entries in a Register which may be provided for that Purpose in such Manner and subject to such Conditions and Restrictions as the said Commissioners may see fit; and every such Warrant shall from Time to Time be published in the London Gazette.

4. The several Sections Sixteen, Seventeen, Eighteen, and Nineteen of the Act of the Application of Session holden in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, shall apply and be construed to and in relation to the Exchequer Bonds to be n\ is Vict. prepared under the Authority of this Act, in like Manner as if such several Sections had c. 23. been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

5. All such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bonds to be made out in Money raised pursuance of this Act shall be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the be paid to Hank of England, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the ^ated°Fon£ United Kingdom.

6. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may direct the Comptroller General Exchequer of the Exchequer from Time to Time to deliver such Amount of Exchequer Bonds made

out

Persons authorized by the Treasury.

Bank of England may advance 1,000,000l. on the Credit of Bonds, and Commissioners of National Debt may invest Money on account of Savings Banks in Purchase of Bonds.

Grant of Duties specified in Schedules annexed.

Provisions of former Acts to apply to this Act.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 29, 30.

out in pursuance of this Act as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think fit, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds, to such Person or Officer as may be named in any Warrant to be issued by the said Commissioners for such Purpose, and such Person or Officer shall thereafter become chargeable and be charged with such Amount of Exchequer Bonds as may be delivered to him, subject to such Directions as may be issued to him by the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, and such Person or Officer shall be discharged from all Account in respect of such Exchequer Bonds on proving to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts that he has duly obeyed the Directions of the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall not be authorized to direct the Issue of such Exchequer Bonds to such Person or Officer except for the Purpose of raising Money to be paid to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer at the Bank of England as aforesaid.

7. It shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to Her Majesty, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bonds to be made out in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One million Pounds (anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding); and also for the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to invest, in the Purchase of Exchequer Bonds issued under the Authority of this Act, any Money in their Hands on account of Savings Banks.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to grant certain Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue.

[26th Mag 1865.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expenses, and making an Addition to the public Revenue, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall be charged, collected, and paid, for the Use of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, the several Rates and Duties of Customs and Inland Revenue respectively specified and contained in the several Schedules marked respectively (A.), (B.), and (C.) to this Act annexed; and the said Rates and Duties shall respectively take effect at or from the respective Times, and shall continue to be charged, collected, and paid for and during the Periods respectively specified or mentioned in that Behalf in the said Schedules respectively, and where no Period is specified or limited for the Duration thereof the same shall continue to be charged, collected, and paid respectively until Parliament shall otherwise order; and the said several Schedules shall be deemed to be Part of this Act.

2. All the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Allowances, and Exemptions, Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, contained in or imposed by any Act or Acts, or any Schedule thereto, relating to any Duties of the same Kind or Description as the several Rates or Duties granted by this Act respectively, and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act, and not hereby expressly repealed, or, as regards the Income Tax, in force on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five (except as herein-after

provided).

165

28° VICTORIA, c. 30.

provided), shall respectively be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively, so far as the same are or shall be applicable, in all Cases not hereby expressly provided for, and shall be observed, applied, allowed, enforced, and put in execution for and in the raising, levying, collecting, and securing of the said last-mentioned Rates and Duties respectively, and otherwise in relation thereto, so far as the same shall not be superseded by and shall be consistent with the express Provisions of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been herein repeated and specially enacted, mutatis mutandis, with reference to the Rates and Duties by this Act granted respectively: Provided always, that for the Purposes of this Act the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, mentioned in the Forty-third Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty-two, shall be read as and deemed to mean the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

3. The Sum charged as the annual Value or Amount of any Property, Profits, or Gains in the several and respective Assessments of Income Tax rmade in pursuance of the Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Eighteen, under Schedules (A.) and (B.) respectively of the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, shall (except as to Railways and otherwise as provided by the Acts relating to Income Tax) be taken as the annual Value or Amount of such Property, Profits, or Gains respectively for the Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and the Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act, and chargeable under the said Schedules respectively, shall be computed, assessed, and charged according to such annual Value or Amount; and the Commissioners executing the Income Tax Acts shall, for each Place within their several and respective Districts, cause Duplicates of the Assessments of the said Duties so computed, assessed, and charged under the said Schedules (A.) and (B.) for the said last-mentioned Year to be made out and delivered together with Warrants for collecting the same; and in England the said Commissioners shall appoint such Persons, being Inhabitants of the Place to which the Duplicate shall relate, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit, to be Collectors of the Duties thereby charged, in like Manner as if such Persons had been presented to them by Assessors under the Acts now in force: Provided always, that the said Assessments shall be subject to be increased in like Manner as the Assessments made for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and subject also to be abated or discharged at the End of the Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five for any Cause allowed by the* said Acts; provided that whenever it shall appear that any Property, Profits, or Gains chargeable under the said Schedules (A.) and (B.) respectively have not been charged by the Assessments made for the Year ended on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, such Property, Profits, and Gains shall be assessed to the Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act under the Provisions of the said several Acts applicable thereto.

4. No Assessors shall be appointed for the Duties payable under the said Schedules (A.) and (B.), but the Inspectors or Surveyors of Taxes shall act as Assessors in respect of such Duties whenever it shall be necessary; and in lieu of the Poundage granted by the One hundred and eighty-third Section of the Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, to be divided between the Assessors and Collectors in regard to the Duties which shall be collected under the said Schedules (A.) and (B.), there shall be paid a Poundage of Three Halfpence to the Collectors of the said Duties.

5. Whereas by Section Four of the Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-five, Provision is made for choosing and appointing Persons to be (Commissioners for the Execution of the Income Tax Acts in Great Britain, and the

Number of Persons so to be appointed is limited to Seven Persons appointed Commissioners for the General Purposes of the said Acts, and Seven to supply Vacancies amongst such Commissioners, in each District or Division, and it is necessary to increase the Number of such Commissioners and Persons respectively in certain Cases:' Be it enacted, That

28 Vict. Y whenever

The Sums assessed to the Income Tax under Schedules (A.) and (B.) for the Year 1864 to be taken as the annual Value for Assessment under this Act.

Assessors not to be appointed for Duties under Schedules (A.) and (B.)

Power to increase Number of Commissioners for General Purposes in certain Cases.

No Redaction to be made unless Profits of the Year are proved Ipss than the Average of last Three Years.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 30.

whenever it shall appear to the Board of Inland Revenue that the Number of Persons so appointed or to be appointed for any District, Division, or Place in Great Britain is insufficient for the proper Discharge of the Business arising under this Act, the Board shall authorize the Increase of the Number of Persons to be chosen Commissioners for General Purposes for such District, Division, or Place to any Number not exceeding Fourteen, and of Persons to supply Vacancies amongst such Commissioners to any Number not exceeding Fourteen, and such Persons shall respectively be appointed and chosen according to the Regulations contained in the said Enactment.

6. And whereas by Section One hundred and thirty-three of the said Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her Majesty's Reign Provision is made for giving Relief, by Reduction of the Assessment, or Repayment of Duty, in certain Cases where the Profits of the Year of Assessment fall short of the Sum on which the Assessment has been made Be it enacted, That no such Reduction or Repayment shall be made in any such Case unless the Profits of the said Year of Assessment are proved to be less than the Profits for One Year on the Average of the last Three Years, including the said Year of Assessment; nor shall any such Relief extend to any greater Amount than the Difference between the Sum on which the Assessment has been made and such average Profits for One Year as aforesaid.

SCHEDULES.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Containing the Duty of Customs granted by this Act

In lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged on Tea, the following Duties of Customs shall, on and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, be charged thereon, on the Importation thereof into Great Britain and Ireland; (that is to say,)

£ s. d.

Tea - - - the lb, 0 0 6

SCHEDULE (B.)

Containing the Stamp Duties granted by this Act on Fire Insurance.

In lieu of the Duties now payable in respect of Insurances against Loss or Damage by Fire only, there shall be charged, collected, and paid the following Duties; (that is to say,)

For and upon every Policy of Assurance or Insurance, or other Instrument, by whatever Name the same shall be called, whereby any Insurance shall, on or after the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, be made of or upon any Building, Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire only, the Duty of One Penny:

And for and upon any Note or Memorandum given as a Receipt on the Deposit of any Sum of Money preparatory to the making out or issuing of any such Policy as aforesaid, the Duty of One Penny:

And for and in respect of every such Insurance as aforesaid which shall be made, or continued or renewed, on or after the said Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and Sixty-five, a Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence for every One hundred Pounds insured for a Year and at and after that Rate for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds insured, and for any fractional Part of a Year, as well as for any Number of Years for which the Insurance shall be made, or continued or renewed; but no Fraction of a Penny shall be charged; and when any such Insurance as aforesaid shall be made or renewed at any Time between the Twenty-seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five and the said Twenty-fifth

167

28° VICTORIAE, c. 30, 31.

Day of June for any Period of Time extending beyond the said last-mentioned Day* there shall be charged and paid for and in respect of the Time intervening between the making or renewing of the said Insurance and the said Twenty-fifth Day of June the yearly Percentage Duty at and after the Rate chargeable on the said Twenty-seventh Day of April, and for and in respect of any subsequent Period, including the said Twenty-fifth Day of June, the Rate of Duty chargeable according to this Act; and no Return or Allowance of Duty, except at and after the last-mentioned Rate, shall be made, in respect of Time unexpired or otherwise, on any such Insurance as aforesaid, which shall have been made or renewed before the said Twenty-seventh Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

SCHEDULE (C.)

Containing the Rates and Duties of Income Tax granted by this Act.

For One Year commencing on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; for and in respect of all Property, Profits, and Gains mentioned or described as chargeable in the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Thirty-four, for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, the following Rates and Duties shall be charged; (that is to say,)

For every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value or Amount of all such Property, Profits, and Gains (except those chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act), the Rate or Duty of Fourpence:

And for and in respect of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Heritages chargeable under Schedule (B.) of the said Act, for every Twenty Shillings of the annual Value thereof —

In England the Rate or Duty of Twopence:

And in Scotland and Ireland respectively the Rate or Duty of One Penny Halfpenny 2

Subject to the Provisions contained in Section Three of the Act Twenty-sixth Victoria, Chapter Twenty-two, for the Exemption of Persons whose whole Income from every Source is under One hundred Pounds a Year and Relief of those whose Income is under Two hundred Pounds a Year.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire additional Lands for improving the Site of the new Public Offices in Downing Street and the Approaches thereto.

[2d June 1865.]

WHEREAS under the Provisions of the following Acts (namely), the Act of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, (called

the "Downing Street Public Offices Extension Act, 1855, ") the Act of the Twenty-

second Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Nineteen, (called the "Public Offices Extension Act, 1859,") the Act of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-three, (called the "Supplemental Public Offices Extension Act, 1861,") the Act of the same Session, Chapter Eighty-eight, and the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-four, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings, as incorporated for the Purposes of the said Acts, have acquired divers Lands and Tenements in and near Downing Street in the City of Westminster as a Site for Offices for the Public Service, and such Offices are now in course of Erection: And whereas it has been found necessary for the

18 & 19 Vict. c. 95.

22 Vict c. 19 24 & 25 Vict. c. 33.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 88.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 74.

Deposit of Plans and Books of Reference descriptive of Site.

[Short Title.]

Incorporation of Commissioners of Works for Purposes of Act

Description of Purposes of Act.

Power of Commissioners to purchase Lands.

Commissioners to make good to Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist Deficiencies in Rates.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 31.

Purpose of improving the Site of and the Approaches to such Public Offices that the said Commissioners should also be empowered to acquire the additional Lands described and shown on the Plans herein-after mentioned; but such Lands cannot be

acquired without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas duplicate Plans describing the Situation of the said Lands herein-after referred to as the prescribed Lands, with a Book of Reference thereto containing the Names of the Owners and Lessees

or reputed Owners and Lessees, and of the Occupiers thereof, have been deposited (with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at his Office at the Sessions

House, Clerkenwell, and with the Clerk of the Westminster District Board of Works, and

it is expedient that Powers should be given to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to purchase such Lands for the Purposes aforesaid:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Public Offices Act, 1865."

Incorporation of Commissioners.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being herein-after referred to as "the Commissioners," as incorporated for the Purposes of the aforesaid Acts, shall be and continue so incorporated for the Purposes of this Act, with Power to hold Lands for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions of this Act.

Acquisition of Site.

3. The Purposes of this Act are the Acquisition of additional Lands for the Site of the Public Offices aforesaid and the Approaches thereto, and the constructing and doing such Works and Things as are conducive to the Attainment of the above Purposes, or any of them or incidental thereto.

4. The Commissioners may, out of any Monies placed at their Disposal by Parliament for that Object, purchase, take, and use for the Purposes of this Act all or any of the prescribed Lands.

5. And whereas by the Forty-eighth Section of the said Public Offices Extension Act, 1859, after reciting that by reason of taking the Lands mentioned in the Schedule to the said Act, and for the Purposes thereof, there might be Deficiencies in the Produce of the

Assessments for the Relief of the Poor, and making certain Payments directed by Act of i Parliament to be made but of the Poor's Rate, as also in the Produce of other Assessments directed to be raised and levied on the Persons, and in respect of the Property by Law rateable to the Relief of the Poor of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, Westminster; and reciting that the Rates of the said Parishes had been mortgaged, and were then charged with and subject to the Repayment of certain Sums amounting in the aggregate to Thirty-five thousand four hundred and three Pounds or thereabouts Principal Money, with Interest thereon, and which Charges it was calculated would be wholly paid off on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three; and that it was expedient that Provision should be made for a Contribution for a limited Time by the said Commissioners in aid of the Poor Rates

and other Rates to be raised and levied as therein-before mentioned; it was enacted that the said Commissioners should, from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, yearly and every Year until the Twenty-ninth Day

of September One thousand eight hundred and seventy-three, by and out of such Monies as

Parliament might from Time to Time place at their Disposal for that Purpose, pay and make good in manner therein mentioned to the said Parishes such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, as should be deficient in respect of the said Rates by reason or means of taking the Land mentioned in the Schedule

to the said Act for the Purposes thereof, such Deficiencies to be calculated and ascertained

with

169

28° VICTORIAE, c. 31.

with reference to the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds, being the Amount f actually collected for and in respect of such Rates made in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight in respect of Houses and Buildings which might be shut up or taken down, or of Ground taken and used by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Act of 185 9: And by the Forty-ninth Section of the same Act it was provided that the

First Payment in respect of such Deficiencies should be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of

September One thousand eight hundred and sixty: And whereas by the said Supplemental

Public Offices Extension Act, 1861, it was enacted, that in consideration of the additional Land to be taken under the Powers of that Act the maximum Sum of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, payable as in the said Act of 1859 was mentioned for making up such Deficiency as aforesaid, should be increased to a Sum not exceeding Five hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, and the annual Amount with reference to which such

Deficiencies were to be calculated and ascertained as in the said Act of 1859 mentioned,

should be the Sum of Four hundred and ninety-eight Pounds in lieu of the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-five Pounds in the said Act of 1859 mentioned; and that the First Payment in respect of the Deficiencies arising by reason of or with reference to the Land comprised in the Act of 1861 now in recital should be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two: And whereas by the Act of the

Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-one, Parts of the

Lands acquired under the Provisions of the Acts mentioned in the Preamble to this Act were transferred to and vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Government of India; and it was thereby enacted, that such Lands when so vested t in Her Majesty should be and continue liable to the Payment of Eleven Thirty-fifth Parts 6 of all the Parochial Rates and Taxes to which the Entirety of the Land acquired by the (said Commissioners as aforesaid was or should be by Law subject and liable: Now be it enacted, That in consideration of the additional Land to be taken under the Provisions of this Act the maximum Sum of Five hundred and twenty Pounds per Annum, payable as in the said Acts of 1859 and 1861 is mentioned for making up such Deficiency as aforesaid, shall be increased to a Sum not exceeding Six hundred and seventy-seven Pounds per Annum; and the annual Amount with reference to which such Deficiencies shall be calculated and ascertained as in the said Act of 1859 is mentioned shall be the Sum of Six hundred and fifty-four Pounds in lieu of the Sum of Four hundred and ninety-eight Pounds in the said Act of 1861 mentioned; and the First Payment in respect of the Deficiencies arising by reason of or with reference to the Lands to be taken under the Provisions of this Act shall be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six: Provided always, that this Extension shall not increase the Sums payable by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, as aforesaid in respect of the Lands vested in Her by the said Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her Majesty* Chapter Fifty-one.

6. The Commissioners, their Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, may at all reasonable Power to Corn-Times in the Daytime, upon giving Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing, enter nuMionere to into and upon any of the prescribed Lands for the Purpose of surveying or valuing the i^dsT>n same.

7. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and " The Lands Clauses Consoli- 8 & 9 Vict.

dation Acts Amendment Act, 1860," shall, except as hereby expressly varied, be incorporated Jr1-

with this Act; but, ioe tn^r-

(1.) There shall not be incorporated with this Act the Sections and Provisions of "The porated. Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

Section Sixteen, whereby it is provided that the Capital is to be subscribed before the compulsory Powers are to be put in force; Section Seventeen, whereby it is provided that the Certificate of the Justices shall be Evidence that the Capital has been subscribed; or the Provisions relating to affording Access to the Special Act:

(2.) In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Acts this Act shall be deemed to be the " Special Act," and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be " the Promoters of the Undertaking ":

(3.) The

Extinction of Rights of Way and other Easements.

As to Claims for Compensation by yearly Tenants.

Limit for compulsory Purchases.

Powers to Commissioners to execute Works.

As to Rights of Metropolitan Board of Works. Buildings exempt from 18 & 19 Vict c. 122.

No Purchase to be made without the Authority of the Treasury.

Authentication of Notices.

Land purchased vested for the Public Service, subject to Provisions of 15 & 16 Vict. c. 28.

Contracts made by First Commissioner of

28° VICTORIAE, c. 31.

(3.) The Term " Sheriff" used in the Provisions of the " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," relating to the Reference to a Jury, shall be deemed to apply to the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster or his Deputy:

(4.) The Bond required by Section Eighty-five of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the Addition of the Sureties in the said Section mentioned.

8. Upon the Purchase by the Commissioners of the prescribed Lands or any Part thereof (save as herein-after provided), all Rights of Way, Rights of laying down or of continuing any Pipes, Sewers, or Drains on, through, or under such Lands or Part thereof, and all other Rights or Easements in or relating to such Land or Part thereof, shall be extinguished, and all the Soil of such Ways, and the Property in the Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, shall vest in the Commissioners, subject to this Provision, that all Persons and Bodies of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, may recover from the Commissioners such Compensation, if any, as they may be entitled to for any Rights or Property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this Section, the Amount of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

9. All Claims for Compensation made upon the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the Person claiming to be entitled to Compensation has no greater Interest than as Tenant for a Year or from Year to Year in the Lands in respect of which the Compensation is claimed, be determined in manner provided by the One hundred and twenty-first Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

10. The Limit for the compulsory Purchase of Lands under this Act shall be Five Years.

11. The Commissioners may pull down and remove any Buildings on the prescribed Lands, and may construct thereon such Buildings and Works, and do all such other Things as may in their Opinion be necessary or expedient in order to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act, or any of them.

12. Nothing in this Act shall extend to take away or impair any Rights or Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Board of Works in relation to any Sewers, Drains, or Watercourses.

13. All Buildings erected on the prescribed Lands shall be exempt from the Operation of the First Part of "The Metropolitan Buildings Act, 1855."

Miscellaneous,

14. No Purchase shall be made by the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but it shall not be necessary for any Vendor or any Purchaser from the said Commissioners to ascertain that such Assent has been given, nor shall the Commissioners be bound to produce to any such Vendor or Purchaser any Evidence of such Assent, and any such Assent may be given either generally or for any particular Purchase or Purchases, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury may seem meet.

15. Every Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be given, issued, or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued, or signed by the Solicitor or Secretary for the Time being of the Commissioners, and need not be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners.

16. All Land purchased by the Commissioners under the Authority of this Act shall be vested in them for the Public Service, and shall be subject to the Provisions of the Act of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, and in all respects as if the same had been acquired under the Provisions of that Act

17. All Contracts in Writing made by the First Commissioner of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings in the Execution of any of the Powers by this Act given to the Commissioners

28° VICTORIAE, c. 31, 32.

Commissioners hereby incorporated as aforesaid shall be valid, and shall be binding on the Commissioners, as if the same had been under their Corporate Seal.

18. All Monies payable to the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act from the Sale of any Materials or otherwise shall be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General, or the Deputy Paymaster General for the Time hieing, or other Officer acting for the Paymaster General, whose Receipt unstamped shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same to the Persons paying the same, and such Monies so paid as aforesaid shall from Time to Time be by such Paymaster General paid over and applied as the Commissioners shall by any Order direct, and in the meantime shall be applied or invested in the Purchase of Exchequer Bills, if the Commissioners shall so direct.

19. All Orders which under this Act the Court of Chancery is empowered to make on Motion or Petition in relation to any Money paid into the Bank of England with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery under this Act, or the Securities in or upon which the same may be invested, or the Dividends or Interest on such Money and Securities, or the Costs of any Application, may be made by any Judge of the said Court upon Application to him while sitting at Chambers upon Summons, in like Manner as in other Cases in which Proceedings may be so had, subject nevertheless to any General Orders which may hereafter be made concerning the Practice, Proceedings, or Business of the said Court on any such Applications.

20. If any Person wilfully obstruct any Person acting under the Authority of the Commissioners in the lawful Exercise of the Powers vested in them under this Act, he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in a summary Manner.

21. No Deed, Bond, or other Instrument made by, to, or with the Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be subject to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments are specially charged therewith in such future Act.

22. Every Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument whereby any Land by this Act authorized to be purchased is conveyed or assigned to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall be enrolled amongst the Records of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer and entered in the Books of the said Commissioners, and every such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument when so enrolled shall, without any other Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof, and without any Registry thereof, be good and available in Law, any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

23. A Copy of the Plan of the prescribed Lands shall be deposited at the Office of the Commissioners, and shall remain at the said Office to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling, have liberty to inspect the same.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act to enable the Secretary of State in Council of India to acquire additional Lands for improving the Site of the India Office and the Approaches thereto.

[2d June 1865.]

WHEREAS under the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-

« " eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Fifty-one, intituled An Act to vest the Site

of the India Office in Her Majesty for the Service of the Government of India, the Land described in the Schedule to that Act (subject as in the same Schedule is mentioned)

became

171

Works to be valid.

Monies payable to the Commissioners to be paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General.

Ordei s concerning Money paid into Court may be made at Chambers.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners.

Deeds not liable to Stamp Duty.

Deeds to be enrolled in Court of Exchequer.

Plan to be deposited in the Office of Works, and to be open for Inspection.

27 & 28 Vict c. 51.

[Short Title.]

Power to Secretary of State in Council to purchase Lands.

Lands purchased to vest in Her Majesty, &c.

Lands to continue subject to Land Tax and Hates.

Power to enter on Lands.

8 & 9 Vict c. 18. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. incorporated.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

became vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Government of India as a Site for the Offices of the Secretary of State in Council of India,

according to the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six: And whereas certain Houses, Buildings, and Lands in the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, particularly described and shown in the Plan herein-after mentioned, are required by the i Secretary of State in Council of India as additional Site for the Offices of his Department and for the Approaches - thereto, but such Houses, Buildings, and Lands cannot be acquired without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas a Plan describing the Situation of the said Houses, Buildings, and Land, herein-after referred to as the prescribed Lands, with a Book of Reference thereto containing the Names of the Owners and Lessees, or reputed Owners and Lessees, and of the Occupiers thereof, has been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at his Office at the

Sessions House, Clerkenwell, and it is expedient that Powers should be given to the f Secretary of State in Council of India to purchase the prescribed Lands and to appropriate the same for the Purposes aforesaid Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The India Office Site and Approaches Act, 1865."

2. The Secretary of State in Council of India for the Time being, herein-after referred to as tc Tjie Secretary of State in Council," may purchase all or any of the prescribed Lands, and appropriate the same as additional Site for the Offices of the Department of the Secretary of State in Council, and for convenient Accesses and Approaches thereto, and carry the Purposes of this Act into execution,

3. All Lands purchased by the Secretary of State in Council in pursuance of this Act shall be conveyed to the Secretary of State in Council in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and shall thereupon vest in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Government of India, according to the Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six.

4. All Lands purchased by the Secretary of State in Council in pursuance of this Act, and hereafter used and occupied exclusively as Offices and for the Purposes of this Act, which were at the Time of such Purchase subject to Land Tax or to Poor or other Rates, shall continue liable thereto, but they shall not be assessed to any Tax or Rate at a higher Value than that at which they were assessed at the Time of the Purchase thereof, so long as they shall be so used and occupied as aforesaid.

5. The Secretary of State in Council, his Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, may at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, upon giving Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing, enter into and upon any of the prescribed Lands for the Purpose of surveying or valuing the same.

6. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Act amending the same, passed in the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, shall be incorporated with this Act, with the Exceptions and Additions and subject to the Provisions herein-after contained; (that is to say,)

(1.) There shall not be incorporated with this Act the Sections and Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) Section Sixteen, whereby it is provided that the Capital is to be subscribed before the compulsory Powers are to be put in force; Section Seventeen, whereby it is provided that the Certificate of the Justices shall be Evidence that the Capital has been subscribed; or the Provisions relating to Access to the Special Act:

(2.) In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Acts this Act shall be deemed to be " the Special Act," and the said incorporated Acts shall be read as if

the

173

28° VICTORIAE, c. 32.

the Expression " the Promoters of the Undertaking" were in the Singular Number, and the Secretary of State in Council shall be deemed and taken to be the Promoter of the Undertaking:

(3.) The Term " Sheriff" used in the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," relating to the Reference to a Jury, shall be deemed to apply to the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster or his Deputy:

(4.) The Bond required by Section Eighty-five of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be under the Hand and Seal of the Secretary of State in Council, and shall be sufficient without the Addition of the Sureties in the said Section mentioned.

7. Upon the Purchase by the Secretary of State in Council of the prescribed Lands or any Part thereof, save as herein-after provided in Section Eleven of this Act, all Rights of Way, Rights of laying down or continuing any Pipes, Sewers, or Drains on, through, or under such Lands or Part thereof, and all other Rights or Easements in or relating to such Lands or Part thereof, shall be extinguished, and all the Soil of such Ways and the Property in the Pipes, Sewers, or Drains shall vest in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the Government of India, subject to this Provision, that all Persons and Bodies of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, may recover from the Secretary of State in Council such Compensation, if any, as they may be entitled to for any Rights or Property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this Section, the Amount of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

8. All Claims for Compensation made upon the Secretary of State in Council under the Provisions of this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the Person claiming to be entitled to Compensation has no greater Interest than as Tenant for a Year or from Year to Year in the Lands in respect of which the Compensation is claimed, be determined in manner provided by the One hundred and twenty-first Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

9. The Period within which the Powers for the compulsory Purchase of Lands under this Act may be exercised shall be Five Years from the passing of this Act.

10. The Secretary of State in Council may pull down and remove any Buildings on the prescribed Lands, and may construct thereon such Buildings and Works, and do all such other Things as may in his Opinion be necessary or expedient in order to carry the Purposes of this Act into execution.

U. Nothing in this Act shall extend to take away or impair any Rights or Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Board of Works in relation to any Sewers, Drains, or Watercourses.

12. All Buildings erected on the prescribed Lands shall be exempt from the Operation of the First Part of "The Metropolitan Buildings Act, 1855."

13. Every Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be given, issued, or signed by or on behalf of the Secretary of State in Council may be given, issued, or signed by the Principal Secretary of State for India for the Time being, or One of his Under Secretaries of State, or the Solicitor for the Time being of the Secretary of State in Council, and need not be under Seal, and may be in Writing or in Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print.

14. All Orders which under this Act the Court of Chancery is empowered to make on Motion or Petition in relation to any Money paid into the Bank of England with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery under this Act, or the Securities in or upon which the same may be invested, or the Dividends or Interest on such Money and Securities, may be made by any Judge of the said Court upon Application to him while sitting at Chambers, upon Summons, in like Manner as in other Cases in which Proceedings may be so had; subject, nevertheless, to any General Orders which may hereafter be made concerning the Practice, Proceedings, or Business of the said Court on any such Applications.

28 Vict. Z 15. If

Extinction of Rights of Way and other Easements.

Compensation in case of Tenants at Will, Ac.

Powers for compulsory Purchases limited.

Powers to Secretary of State in Council to execute Works.

As to Rights of

Metropolitan

Board of

Works.

Exemption

from Building

Act.

Authentication of Notices.

Orders concerning Money paid into Court may be made at Chambers.

Penalty for obstructing the Secretary of State in Council.

Plan to be deposited in India Office and to be open for Inspection.

6 Anne, c. 11. (I.), &c. repealed.

[Short Title.]

Grand Juries not to present Persons as Vagrants.

Sect. 7. of 50 G. 3. c. 102. repealed.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 116.

Provisions of recited Act extended to Relief after Lady Day 1865.

Sect 6. repealed.

Poor Law Board to have Wards in-

28° VICTORIA, c. 32, 33, 34.

15. If any Person wilfully obstruct any Person acting under the Authority of the Secretary of State in Council in the lawful Exercise of the Powers vested in the Secretary of State in Council under this Act, he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in a summary Manner.

16. A Copy of the Plan of the prescribed Lands shall be deposited at the Office of the Secretary of State in Council, and shall remain at the said Office, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling, have Liberty to inspect the same.

CAP. .XXXIII.

An Act to repeal the Act of the Parliament of Ireland, of the Sixth Year of Anne, Chapter Eleven, for explaining and amending the several Acts against Tories, Robbers, and Rapparees.

[2d June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to repeal the Laws now in force under which poor People in Ireland are sentenced to Penal Servitude for the Offence of Vagrancy:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The /mi Act of the Sixth Year of Queen Anne, Chapter Eleven, for explaining and amending Two several Acts against Tories, Robbers, and Rapparees, and so much of any Act or Acts as revives or makes perpetual the same, are hereby repealed.

2. From and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Grand Jury to present any Person in Ireland as a Vagrant, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

3. This Act to be called "The Vagrancy, Ireland, Amendment Act (1865)."

4. The Seventh Section of the Act of the Fiftieth George the Third, Chapter One hundred and two, is hereby repealed.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to make the Metropolitan Houseless Poor Act perpetual.

[2d June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Provisions of "The Metropolitan Houseless

Poor Act, 1864," should be made perpetual:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Provisions of the said Act shall be extended to the Expenditure for Relief of destitute Wayfarers, Wanderers, and Foundlings, or other destitute Persons, in the several Unions and Parishes referred to in the said Act, relieved and to be relieved from and after Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; and the Sixth Section of the said Act is hereby repealed.

2. The Poor Law Board shall from Time to Time cause the Wards and other Places of Reception provided according to the said Act to be inspected not less than once in every

Four

28'VICTORIA, c. 34, 35. 175

Four Months between the Hours of Six o'Clock in the Evening and Eight in the Morning speeted, and in the Months between October and Mctirch inclusive, and between the Hours of Eight "y revoke o'Clock in the Evening and Eight in the Morning in the Months between April and September inclusive; and the Results of such Inspections shall be reported to the Poor Law Board, who may at any Time revoke and renew the Certificates granted or to be granted under the First Section of that Act.

3. The said Board may allow for the Costs and Expenses referred to in the Fourth Allowance Section of that Act, when they shall see fit to do so, a Sum or several Sums in gross instead of a Sum in respect of each Pauper as therein provided.

for providing Wards.

4. Any Constable of the Metropolitan Police or of the Police of the City of London may Power to personally conduct any destitute Wayfarer, Wanderer, or Foundling, or other destitute Police to Person, not having committed or being charged with any Offence punishable by Law, within the Knowledge of such Constable, to any Wards or other Places of Reception Relief, approved of by the Poor Law Board under the said Act or this Act; and every such Wayfarer, Wanderer, or Foundling shall, if there be Room in such Wards or other Places of Reception, be temporarily relieved therein.

5. The Wards or Places of Reception provided under the said Act shall be open for the Hours during Admission of destitute Wayfarers, Wanderers, and Foundlings, or other destitute Persons, which Ward* who shall apply to be admitted during the Hours between Six o'Clock in the Evening and Eight in the Morning in the Months between October and March inclusive, and during the Hours between Eight o'Clock in the Evening and Eight o'Clock in the Morning in the Months between April and September inclusive, and the Guardians shall be entitled to be reimbursed for all Relief administered in conformity with the Provisions of that Act during those Hours respectively.

[Short Title.]

6. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Metropolitan Houseless Poor Act, 1865."

CAP. XXXV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Police Superannuation Funds in Counties and Boroughs.

[2d June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Police Superannuation Funds in Counties and Boroughs Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "*The Police Superannuation Act, 1865."

2. Throughout this Act the Acts herein-after mentioned shall be distinguished by the Short Titles of following Short Titles; that is to say, Police

The Act of the Session of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Her present °

Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight, intituled An Act to amend the Act for the Establishment 3 & 4 Vict. of County and District Constables, by the Short Title of "The Police Act, 1840c* 88 *

The Act of the Session of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-nine, intituled An Act to render more effectual the 19 & 20 Vict. Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, by the Short Title of "The c* 69 *

Police Act, 1856."

The Act of the Session of the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-two, intituled An Act to amend the Law con- 22 & 23 Vict. ceming the Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, by the Short Title c* 32* of "The Police Act, 1859."

3. Whereas

28° VICTORIAE, c. 35.

Amendment of Sect 11. of 3 & 4 Vict. c. 88., Sect 10., of 19 & 20 Vict. c. 69., and Sects. 9 & 10 of 22 & 23 Vict. c. 32.

Head Constable included in Provisions of 22 & 23 Vict. c. 32.

3. (Whereas by " The Police Act, 1840," and " The Police Act, 1856," the Justices of the County in General or Quarter Sessions assembled, and by " The Police Act, 1859," the Watch Committee of a Borough, with the Approbation of the Council, are authorized, subject to the Conditions and in the Events in the said Acts respectively mentioned, to grant out of the Police Superannuation Funds to Constables of the Police Forces of Counties and Boroughs who have served Fifteen Years Superannuation or Retiring

Allowances, and to Constables who may not have served Fifteen Years Sums in gross as Gratuities: And whereas it is expedient that in some Cases annual Allowances for a limited Time should be granted in lieu of Allowances for Life or Gratuities Be it enacted, That where the said Acts authorize a Grant to be made to a Constable of a Superannuation or Retiring Allowance or a Gratuity, the Authority having Power to grant such Allowance or Gratuity may, in lieu thereof, grant an annual Allowance for a limited Time, to be fixed by such Authority, and to be determined on the Death of the Annuitant before the Expiration of the Time fixed: Provided that where an Allowance for a limited Time is granted to a Constable who has served for Fifteen Years or more, it shall be granted on the same Scale as if it were a permanent Superannuation or Retiring Allowance, and if at the Expiration of the limited Time the Annuitant is incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body of discharging the Duties of a Constable, or has attained the Age of Sixty Years, the Allowance granted to him for a limited Time only shall be continued during the Remainder of his Life: Provided also, that where a Person to whom an annual Allowance for a limited Time has been granted under this Section is reappointed to the Office of Constable, the Time during which he was in receipt of such Allowance shall, for the Purpose of any subsequent Superannuation Allowance, be reckoned as Service in the Force.

4t. i Whereas Doubts are entertained whether the Provisions of "The Police Act, 1859," relating to a Superannuation Fund for Constables belonging to a Police Force in

Boroughs, apply to a Chief or Head Constable of the Police Force in such Boroughs, by reason, amongst other things, that the said Act requires in certain Cases the Certificate

or Recommendation of the Chief or Head Constable before an Allowance can be made or

a Gratuity given out of the said Fund to a Constable or his Widow: And whereas it is

expedient to remove the said Doubts Be it enacted, That the Chief or Head Constable of the Police Force established in any Borough in which the Superannuation Fund is subject to the Regulations of the Police Act, 1859, shall, from and after the Date of the passing of this Act, be deemed to be a Constable of the said Police Force for all Purposes relating to and within the Meaning of this Act and all other Acts regulating such Superannuation Fund; provided, first, that in the Case of the said Chief or Head Constable, or his Widow, a Resolution of the Watch Committee to the Effect of the Certificate or Recommendation required to be given by the Chief or Head Constable under "The Police Act, 1859," shall be deemed to be equivalent to such Certificate or Recommendation; secondly, that the Period of Service during which any Chief or Head Constable, either as such or as an inferior Member of the Force, may have been subjected to Deductions from his Pay towards such Borough Police Superannuation Fund as aforesaid shall, in determining what Allowance or Gratuity is to be made to*bim, be reckoned and allowed to such Chief or Head Constable; thirdly, that One Half only of the Period of Service (if any) during which such Chief or Head Constable, either as such or as an inferior Member of the Force, has been subjected to no such Deduction as aforesaid from his Pay towards such Superannuation Fund as aforesaid shall be reckoned and allowed to such Chief or Head Constable in determining what Allowance or Gratuity is to be made to him; fourthly, that where such Chief or Head Constable has been promoted from another Police Force, whether County or Borough, to the Borough Force out of the Fund of which be claims Superannuation, in such a Case, if he has served not less than Seven Years either as Chief, Head, or other Constable in such other Force, his Service in such other Force to the Extent of One Half thereof shall be deemed, for the Purposes of Superannuation, to be Service in the latter Force, and be reckoned accordingly, subject to the Conditions on which Service in the latter Force may be reckoned under this Section; and subject also to the Qualification that if at the Time when he was promoted from the other Force he was under the Rank of Chief or Head Constable, no Part of his Service in such other Force

shall

177

28° VICTORIAE, c. 35.

shall be reckoned unless his Promotion took place on the Recommendation of the Chief or Head Constable of the Force from which he was promoted.

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to entitle absolutely any Chief or Nothing topre-Head Constable or other Constable, or his Widow, to any Superannuation or Retiring ^Si0U{ Allowance or Gratuity, or to prevent any such Constable being dismissed without such Retiring Al-Allowance or Gratuity: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall diminish or lowancea. prejudice the Allowances or Rights of any Chief or Head Constable or other Constable Proviso, given or reserved by the Fifteenth Section of "The Police Act, 1859."

6. c Whereas the County of Lincoln is divided into Three Divisions, called respectively

the Parts of Lindsey, the Parts of Kesteven, and the Parts of Hollandy and each of the said 1 Divisions has a separate Commission of the Peace: And whereas by the Twenty-second Section of the said "Police Act, 1859," it is enacted, that after the passing of that Act

the Superannuation Fund of the said County shall be One common Account so long as

the Police Force for the said County of Lincoln shall be under the Direction of One Chief Constable for the Three Divisions, but if the said Force shall thereafter be separated under different Chief Constables, in that Case it shall be lawful to divide the said Super- annuation Fund in proportion to the Number of Men for each Division of the said County of Lincoln at that Time serving in the said Force, the said Superannuation Fund to be f under the Management of the joint Committee for the Three Divisions, and invested by them from Time to Time: And whereas notwithstanding the said Enactment the said Three Divisions are considered as separate Counties, so far as respects the Service of the Police therein, and any Constable of the Lincolnshire Police Force, if removed from

one of the said Divisions to the other, is not, for the Purpose of Superannuation, entitled to reckon the Time during which he has served as Constable in the Division from which he is removed: And whereas it is expedient to amend the Law so far as relates to the Service of Constables of the said Force Be it enacted, That so long as the Police Force of the County of Lincoln continues under the Superintendence of the same Chief Constable, the said Three Divisions of the said County shall, for the Purpose of the Superannuation of the Members of that Force, be taken to be One County, and any Police Constable who may be or has been promoted or removed from one of the said Divisions to another shall, for the Purposes of Superannuation, be entitled to reckon as Service the whole Time he has served in any of the said Divisions; and this Section shall take effect in all respects as if it had been passed at the same Time at which the said " Police Act, 1859," was passed.

Parts of Lincolnshire to be One County for Purposes of Service in Police so long as County continues under One Chief Constable.

7. Whereas no Provisions are contained in the said "Police Act, 1859," as to the Mode Appointment of appointing the joint Committee mentioned in the said Twenty-second Section Be it Com-

enacted, That the said joint Committee shall consist of Twenty-eight Magistrates, to be appointed from Time to Time by the Courts of Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said Three Divisions respectively, when and so often as the said Courts of Quarter Sessions think fit, in the Proportions following; that is to say. Fourteen Magistrates for the Parts of Lindsey, Eight Magistrates for the Parts of Kesteven, and Six Magistrates for the Parts of Holland; and Three Members of such joint Committee shall constitute a Quorum, and be competent to act; and it shall be lawful for the said joint Committee from Time to Time to make, and afterwards to alter, such Regulations for their Proceedings, and for the Investment, Management, and Administration of the said joint Fund, and for the granting and Payment of Pensions and Gratuities thereout, as to them may seem just and reasonable; which Regulations, as also any Alteration thereof, when approved by the respective Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said Three Parts or Divisions, shall be binding and conclusive upon all Parties.

If the Court of Quarter Sessions for any One or more of the said Divisions at any Time neglect or refuse to appoint Magistrates to act upon the said joint Committee, the Magistrates appointed by the Court or Courts of Quarter Sessions of the other or others of the said Divisions shall be fully competent to act as such Committee.

8. If at any Time hereafter the Police Force for the County of Lincoln ceases to be under Consequences the Direction of One Chief Constable for the Three Divisions of that County, the Common Superannuation Fund shall be divided amongst the Three Divisions of the County in Ltocokceasing

proportion

to be under One Chief Constable.

Ab to Superannuation of Constables formerly Watchmen of Brighton under 6 G. 4. c. clxxix.

6 & 7 Vict c. 18.

[Short Title.]

Clerk of Peace to deliver Precept to Overseers of

28° VICTORIAE, c. 35, 36.

proportion to the Number of Police serving in each Division, but notwithstanding such Apportionment any Pension that may have been granted out of the said Fund shall continue to be paid to the Persons to whom the same may have been granted, and shall be apportioned and charged upon the Superannuation Fund of such of the said Divisions as the said joint Committee may by Writing signed by the Chairman of the said Committee direct, provided that such Appointment is confirmed by the Justices of the Peace of the said Three Divisions respectively in Quarter Sessions assembled.

Any such Apportionment as aforesaid, when confirmed and approved in manner aforesaid, shall be filed amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the said Three Divisions respectively.

9. Whereas the Watchmen acting under an Act of Parliament passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better regulating, paving, improving, and managing the Town of Brighthelmston in the County of Sussex, and the Poor thereof contributed from their weekly Wages to form a Fund in the Nature of a Police Superannuation Fund: And whereas at the Time of the Incorpo-s ration by Charter of the said Town, under the Title of the Borough of Brighton, the Watchmen then in Office were appointed Constables of the Police Force of the said Borough: And whereas by the Twenty-third Section of "The Police Act, 1859," the said Superannuation Fund was transferred to the Treasurer of the Borough to be held as s Part of the Police Superannuation Fund of the said Borough, but no Provision was made in the Case of such of the said Watchmen as had become Constables for reckoning their (Services as Watchmen in determining the Amount of Superannuation Allowance to be granted to them as Constables Be it enacted, That where a Constable of the said Borough of Brighton has also been a Watchman acting under the said Act of the Sixth Year of King George the Fourth, the Period of Service as a Watchman, during which he was subject to Deductions from his Pay towards the said Superannuation Fund so transferred as aforesaid to the Treasurer of the said Borough, shall, in determining what Superannuation Allowance may be granted to him, be added to the Period of Service during which he may have served as a Constable in the said Police Force.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Registration of County Voters, and to the Powers and Duties of Revising Barristers in certain Cases.

[2d June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden

* in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Law for the Registration of Persons entitled to vote, and to define certain Rights of

Voting, and to regulate certain Proceedings in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament s for England and Wales, so far as relates to the Registration of County Voters, and to the

Powers and Duties of Revising Barristers Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as " The County Voters Registration Act, 1865," and shall be construed with and as Part of the said recited Act, herein-after termed " the Principal Act."

2. Th^lerk of the Peace shall, on or before the Tenth Day of June in every Year, make and cause to be delivered to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish and Township within his County his PrecepUaccording to the Form No. 1. in Schedule (A.) to this Act, instead

of

28° VICTORIAE, c. 36.

t numbered 1. in Schedule (A.) to the Principal Act, together with the Forms ist, and Copies of Register in the Principal Act mentioned.

rk of the Peace of every County shall, together with the Precept, transmit to i of every Parish or Township within such County a sufficient Jjumber of j Part or jrarts of the Register relating to such Parish or Township^/ and the f the Poor of every Parish and Township shall, on or before the Twentieth Day very Year and at the same Time^with the Publication of the Notice mentioned th Section of the Principal ActjTpublish a Copy of the Register then in force their Parish or Township, and shall remove the same after a Period including Two least, and not later than the Twentieth Day of July£

Ventieth Day of August shall be the last Day for giving Notices of Objection jeers and to the Person objected to; and the Seventh Section of the Principal i read as if the Word " Twentieth " had been substituted therein for the Word \h."

179

Poor on or before 10th June in every Year.

Overseers to y publish Register.

20th August last Day for giving Notices of Objection.

rst Day of September shall be the last Day for the Delivery, by the Overseers, 1st September of the Peace, of the Papers mentioned in the Ninth Section of the Principal l*\P*y fop A Section shall be read as if the Words " First Day of September" had been pape^to^ .herein for the Words " Twenty-ninth Day of August" Clerk of Peace.

Notice of Objection to any Person on the List of Claimants for any Parish or Grounds of V/ J| may be given according to the Provisions of the Seventh Section of the Principal ob^n.to 1)6

w rith that Exception no Notice of Objection given under the Provisions of the said Notic*. m

jection, other than a Notice to the Overseers, shall be valid, unless the Ground or vjriouuuo of Objection be specifically stated therein and this Provision shall be deemed to be sufficiently satisfied by naming the Column or Columns of the List on which the Object or grounds his Objection: Provided always, that if the Objection be grounded on the Third Column, then it shall be necessary to state in the Notice whether the Objection relates to the Nature of the Voter's Interest in the qualifying Property, or to the Value of the qualifying Property, or to both; and each of such last-mentioned Grounds of Objection shall be deemed a separate Ground of Objection, as well as any Objection grounded on any one of the other Columns; and such last-mentioned Notice may be according to the Form numbered

2. in Schedule (A.) to this Act, or to the like Effect, in substitution for the Form numbered

5. in Schedule (A.) to the Principal Act,

7. No Person objected to under the Provisions of this Act shall be required to give What Evidence Evidence before the Revising Barrister in support of his Right to be registered, otherwise ?erson ob-than as such Right shall be called in question in such Ground or Grounds of Objection. qdred to^'ve.

8LEvery separate Ground of Objection shall be treated by the Revising Barrister as a Each Ground separate ObiectionJJ and for every Ground of Objection which, in the Opinion of the Revising £f Objection to Barrister, snail have been groundlessly or frivolously and vexatiously stated in a Notice of Revising Bar-Objection, he shall, on the Application of the Person objected to, or any one on his Behalf, nster as a and upon Production of the Notice of Objection, award Costs against the Object or to the f«parate Ob-Amount at least of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and this though the Name of the Person jecUon-objected to be expunged upon some other Ground of Objection stated in the same Notice of Objection.

0. The Provisions of the Hundredth Section of the Principal Act shall apply to Notices of Objection given under the Provisions of this Act.

10. (Any Person whose Name appears on the List of Voters then in force, and whose then Place of Abode is not correctly stated in the said List, or who shall have received a Notice of Objection grounded on the Second Column of the List, and who shall have possessed on the last Day of July the Bame Qualification in respect of which his Name has been inserted on the List, may, if he think fit, make and subscribe a Declaration before any Justice of the Peace^or any Commissioner or other Person authorized to administer Oaths in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, in the Form contained in Schedule (B.) to this Act, or to the like Effect; and all such Declarations shall be duly dated, and shall, on or before

Sect 100. of Principal Act to apply.

Persons changing their Place of Abode, and Persons objected to, may make Declarations.

Penalty for falsely signing such Declaration.

As to Time for Revision of County Lists.

Orders for Costs.

Such Costs in no Case to exceed 5/.

Revising Barrister to read out Names expunged and inserted.

Power to remove Persons from Court who interrupt Proceedings.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 36.

before the Fourteenth Day of September, be transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace; and it shall be the Duty of the Clerk of the Peace to endorse on every such Declaration the Name of the Polling District, and of the Parish or Township in which the Qualification to which the Declaration relates is situate, and the Name of the Person making the Declaration, and also the Date on which he has received the same, and to affix his Initials to such last-mentioned Endorsement, and to deliver all such Declarations to the Revising Barrister at his First Court, arranged under the Heads of the several Polling Districts according to the alphabetical Order of the Parishes and Townships; and every Revising Barrister shall, for the Purpose of correcting the Statement in the List of the Place of Abode of such Person, receive any such Declaration as Evidence, to be used in Court at the proper Time, if transmitted to the Clerk of the Peace on or before such last-mentioned Day, of which the Endorsement in that Behalf by the Clerk of the Peace shall be prima facie Proof, and if purporting to be subscribed before a Justice of the Peace, or Commissioner, or other Person authorized as aforesaid, without Proof of the Signature of the Person subscribing the same, or of the Justice, Commissioner, or Person before whom the same purports to have been subscribed, unless he shall have good Reason to doubt the Genuineness of any Signature thereto; and all such Declarations may be perused by any Person at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace, without Payment of any Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, before the Twentieth Day of September; and the Clerk of the Peace shall deliver Copies of any such Declaration to all Persons applying for the same* on Payment of the Price of Fourpence per Folio of Seventy-two Words.

11. \Any Person falsely or fraudulently signing any such Declaration in the Name of any other Person, whether such Person shall be living or dead, and every Person transmitting as genuine any false or falsified Declaration knowing the same to be false or falsified, and any Person knowingly and wilfully making any false Statement of Fact in such Declaration, shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and punishable by Fine or Imprisonment for a Term not exceeding One Year and the Revising Barrister shall have Power to impound any such Declaration

12. No Court shall be holden by a Revising Barrister for the Revision of the Lists of any County before the Twentieth Day of September in any Year.

13. Every Order for Costs by a Revising Barrister, whether revising the Lists of a County, City, or Borough, in the Case of any Objection, shall be made before his proceeding to hear any Objection stated in any other Notice of Objection, and such Order may be delivered either to the Person to whom the Costs shall therein be ordered to be paid, or to some other Person on his Behalf: Provided always, that this Section shall not be taken to repeal the last Proviso contained in the Forty-sixth of the Principal Act.

14. The Sum ordered to be paid by way of Costs shall not upon any One Vote exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and the Forty-sixth Section of the Principal Act shall be read as if the Words " Five Pounds" had been substituted therein for the Words "Twenty Shillings."

15. it shall be the Duty of every Revising Barrister, whether revising the Lists of a County, City, or Borough, before signing any Page of any List, as required by the Forty-first Section of the Principal Act, to read out audibly in open Court the Names expunged and inserted by him therein, and all Corrections and Insertions made by him. -1

16. Q[t shall be lawful for any Revising Barrister, whether revising the Lists of a County, City, or Borough, to order any Person to be removed from his Court who shall interrupt the Business of the Court, or refuse to obey his lawful Orders in respect of the same; and it shall be the Duty of the Chief Constable, Commissioner, or Chief Officer of Police of the County, City, Borough, or Place in which the Court is held, to take care that an Officer of Police do attend that Court during its Sitting, for the Purpose of keeping Order therein, and to carry into effect any Order of the Revising Barrister as aforesaid.]

17. For

28° VICTORIAE, c. 36. 181

17. For the Purposes of this Act the Word " Value " shall in the Case of an Objection Interpretation to any Person claiming to be retained or inserted in the List as an occupying Tenant mean of Termf- Amount of Rental."

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

No. 1.

Precept of the Clerk of the Peace to the Overseers.

County of 1 To the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of [or of the

to wit J Township of ].

In pursuance of the Provisions of the Acts of Parliament in that Behalf, I require your Attention to the following

INSTRUCTIONS.

On or before the Twentieth Day of June you are to publish One of the Copies of the Register for your Parish [or Township] herewith sent, together with a Notice, signed by you, according to the Form marked No. 2., among the printed Forms herewith sent.

The Manner in which you are required to publish that Register and Notice is as follows; (that is to say,) you are to fix One of the printed Copies (each Copy being first signed by you) on or near the Outside of the outer Door or of the outer Wall near tie Door of every Church and public Chapel in your Parish or Township, including Chapels which do not belong to the Established Church, or if there should be no such Church or Chapel, then in some public or conspicuous Situation in your Parish [or Township], and it must remain there during a Period including Two Sundays at least, and not later than the Twentieth Day of July.

On or before the last Day of July you are to make out an alphabetical List of all Persons who, on or before the Twentieth Day of July, shall have delivered or sent to you their Claims as Voters for the County [Riding, Sec."] in which your Parish [or Township] lies, in respect of any Property situate wholly or in part within your Parish [or Township]; and in making out such List you are to write or cause to be written, in the proper Column of the printed Form of List (herewith sent) numbered 3., the Christian Name and Surname of every such Person, with the Place of his Abode, the Nature of his Qualification, and the local or other Description of the Property, and the Name of the Occupier, accordingly as the same shall be stated in the Claim. If you have reasonable Cause to believe that any Person so claiming, or any Person whose Name shall appear in the Copy of the Register for your Parish [or Township] herewith sent, is not entitled to have his Name on the new Register about to be made, you are to add the Word " Objected" before his Name in the Margin of the Copy of the Register or List in which his Name appears; and you are also to add the Word "Dead" before the Name of any Person whom you shall have reasonable Cause to believe to be dead. Having done this, you are to sign the List of Claimants, and also One of the Copies of the Register herewith sent, and to cause a sufficient Number of Copies of such Lists to be written or printed, and then, on or before the First Day of August, you are to publish the said Register and Lists, with your marginal Additions, on every Church and Chapel in your Parish [or Township] in the same Manner as before mentioned with regard to the Notice.

You are to keep a Copy of the List of Claimants and of the said Register sent to you, with your marginal Additions thereon, signed by you, and to allow them to be perused by every Person desirous of perusing them, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days after you have published them, without Payment or Demand of any Fee; and you are also to deliver Copies of the List of Claimants and of the said Register, signed by you, to every Person applying for the same, on Payment of a Price for such Copy after the Rate contained in the Table marked Schedule (D.) No. 1., herewith sent.

28 Vict. A a You

182

28° VICTORIAE, c. 36.

You are to make out a List, according to the Form numbered 6. (herewith sent), containing the Name of every Person against whom a Notice of Objection shall have been given to you or any one of you, on or before the Twentieth Day of August; and you are to publish Copies of such Lists on or before the First Day of September on every Church and Chapel in your Parish or Township, in the same Manner as before mentioned with regard to the Notice; and you are to keep a Copy of such List of Persons objected to, to be perused by any Person, without Payment or Fee, at any Time between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of any Day, except Sunday, during the first Fourteen Days of September, both inclusive; and you are to deliver a Copy of such List to any Person requiring the same, on Payment of a Price for such Copy after the Bate contained in the Table marked Schedule (D.) No. 1., herewith sent.

And if you shall find any such Notice, List, Register, or other Document published by you as aforesaid to be destroyed, mutilated, defaced, or removed, you are forthwith to place another to the same Effect in its Place.

On or before the First Day of September you are to deliver to the Clerk of the Peace of the County [Riding, $fc.] wherein your Parish [or Township] is situate, the List of Claimants, the Copy of the Part of the Register (herewith sent), and also a Copy of the List of Persons objected to, signed by you.

You are to attend the Court to be holden by the Barrister appointed to revise the Lists relating to your Parish [or Township], of the Time and Place of holding which Notice will be sent to you; and you are there to deliver to the Barrister holding such Court the original Notices of Claim and original Notices of Objection given to you as aforesaid.

Herein if you fail you will be liable to the Penalties in that Case provided. Given under my Hand this Day of

Clerk of the Peace for the County of

No. 2.

Notice of Objection to be given to Parties already on Register objected to by any Person other than Overseers and to the occupying Tenant of the qualifying Property, where Notice is required to be given to the occupying Tenant.

To Mr. of [here insert the Name and

Place of Abode of the Person objected to as described in the List, and in the Case of Notice to the Tenant of the qualifying Property insert his Name and Place of Abode as described in the List],

Take Notice that I object to your Name [in the Notice to the Tenant instead of the Words " your Name," insert the Name of the Person objected to] being retained in the [here insert the Name of the Parish] List of Voters for the County of [or for the

Riding, $c.]

And I ground my Objection, on the 1st Column of the Register, or on the 2nd Column, or on the 3rd Column,

and the Objection relates

to the Nature of your Interest [in the Notice to the Tenant instead of the Words " your Interest," insert " the Interest of " here insert the Name of the Person objected to,] in the qualifying Property; or to the Value of the qualifying Property; or on the 4th Column.

Dated this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Signed A.B. of [Place of Abode\

on the Register of Voters for the Parish of

183

28° VICTORIAE, c. 36, 37.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Fobm of Declaration by Voter as to his Place of Abode.

I A.B. of [Place of Abode'], on the List of Votere for the Parish [or Township] of

in tho County [or Riding or Division of the County] of, do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I possessed on the last Day of July now last past the same Qualification in respect of which my Name has been inserted in such List, and that my true Place of Abode is now

(Signed) A.B.

Place of Abode.

f CD.

Made and subscribed before me [Signature of Jus-the Day \ tice, §<?.]

of in the j [Statement of his

Year Quality, as Justice,

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to make better Provision respecting the Transaction of County Business and the Administration of Justice at Quarter Sessions in the County of Sussex; and to confirm certain Proceedings of the Justices of the said County.

[2d June 1865.]

WHEREAS, although there is only One Commission of the Peace for the whole " County of Sussex, the County has for Convenience been long treated as divided for the Purposes of the Transaction of the public Business of the County and the Administration of Justice at Quarter Sessions into the Eastern Division and the Western Division; and it is expedient that legal Validity be given to such Division for those Purposes, both as to the past and as to the future:

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Eastern Division and the Western Division of the County of Sussex shall each be and be deemed to have been a County of itself in relation to the Matters and Business following, namely, — in relation to the several Matters specified in the First Schedule to this Act, whether arising under or regulated by the several Enactments therein specified, or under or by any other Enactments for the Time being in force, and in relation to all Matters whatever arising under or regulated by any of the Enactments in the same Schedule specified, — and in relation to all Expenditure required or permitted by any of those Enactments or by any other Enactments for the Time being in force to be made out of County Rates or Rates in the Nature of County Rates, — and in relation to all Business connected with any of the Matters in the present Section mentioned as far as the same relate to either Division separately; and the Justices of the Peace for the County, sitting in Quarter Sessions for the County in each Division thereof, shall have and be deemed to have had the like Powers and Authorities to transact such Business in and for each Division separately, as if each Division was and had been a whole County of itself with a Commission of the Peace for such whole County.

2. Nothing in this Act shall make a Division of the County of Sussex a County of itself in relation to any of the several Matters specified in the Second Schedule to this Act, whether arising under or regulated by any of the several Enactments therein specified, or

under

Divisions to be separate Counties for Purposes herein described.

Divisions not to be separate Counties for other Purposes

184 28° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

herein described.

21 & 22 Vict. c. 33. not to apply to Sussex.

Divisions to be such for Purposes of foture Acts.

Provision as to adjourned Sessions.

Precepts for

Divisions

separately.

Notices of Appeals.

Special Court of General Sessions.

Mode of summoning Special Court

Quorum and Adjournment of Special Court

under or by any other Enactments for the Time being in force, — or in relation to any Matter whatever arising under or regulated by any of the Enactments in the same Schedule specified, — or in relation to any Expenditure required or permitted by any of those Enactments or by any other Enactments for the Time being in force to be made by Justices of the Peace out of County Rates or Rates in the Nature of County Rates for the Purposes of any Establishment, Matter, or Thing, over the establishing or constituting whereof Justices of the Peace as such have no Authority, — or in relation to any Business connected with any of the Matters in the present Section mentioned.

3. Nothing in the Act of the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Thirty-three)," for the better Management of County Rates," shall apply or be deemed to have applied to the County of Sussex.

4. Where any Enactment, passed after the passing of this Act, has reference to Divisions of a County, then, subject to the Provisions of this Act, (unless a contrary Intention appears,) the Divisions of the County of Sussex shall be deemed Divisions within the Meaning of such Enactment, and every such Enactment shall extend and apply to the Divisions of the County of Sussex as if they had separate Commissions of the Peace.

5. Every Court held or to be held in either Division of the County of Sussex, purporting to be a Court of Quarter Sessions for the County, and begun to be held in that Division within the Time allowed by Law for the holding of Quarter Sessions for the County, but after the Conclusion of the Business of the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County sitting in the other Division, shall for all Purposes be deemed to have been or to be the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County duly continued by Adjournment from the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County which before sat in the other Division, and that whether the Adjournment of the Court from a Place in the one Division to a Place in the other Division was or is actually made or not, or was or is recorded or not.

6. It shall be and be deemed to have been lawful for Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex, in the Manner heretofore used, to issue their Precept from Time to Time to the Sheriff of the County, to summon Men of the Body of One Division of the County to serve as Jurors at a Court of Quarter Sessions, original or adjourned, to be held in that Division, and to cause such Precept to relate in all respects to One Division only of the County, as if the Division was and had been a County of itself, and for all Sheriffs, Constables, Officers, and Persons to act under a Precept so framed.

7. With respect to any Notice required to be given by One Party to another relative to any Appeal or other Matter to be heard and determined by the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County of Sussex, the First Day of Sessions shall be deemed to be the Day on which the Court of Quarter Sessions for the County begins to be held in that Division wherein the Appeal or other Matter is heard and determined.

8. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with the Power of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex to hold a Court of General Sessions of the Peace for the County; and a Special Court of General Sessions may be summoned and held as hereafter in this Act provided.

9. If at any Time Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex deliver to the Clerk of the Peace for the County or his Deputy a Requisition in Writing under their Hands and Seals for the summoning and holding of a Special Court of General Sessions for the County under this Act, stating the Business which they desire to be brought before the Court, and the Time and Place at which the Court is to be held (the Time being not less than Twenty-one Days after the Delivery of the Requisition, and the Place being within the County), the Clerk of the Peace shall, as soon as may be, and within Seven Days after the Delivery to him of the Requisition, publish the same, with a Notice that a Court will be held accordingly, by Advertisement inserted in Two Newspapers usually circulating in the County of Sussex.

10. A Special Court of General Sessions of the Peace for the County of Sussex shall be held in accordance with such Requisition; and Nine Justices shall be a Quorum thereof;

and

185

28° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

and the Court may adjourn from Time to Time and from Place to Place within the County as seems fit

U. Such a Special Court of General Sessions shall have Authority to transact the following Business and no other, — namely, any Business specified in the Requisition, provided it is shown to the Court that it relates to or involves a Question with respect to the total Amount, or the Shares chargeable to the Divisions severally, of any Expenditure incurred or to be incurred for a Purpose common to or affecting both Divisions or concerning the whole County at large (including Expenditure in relation to any Establishment, Matter, or Thing for the Purposes of which the Divisions of the County of Sussex, under the joint Operation of this Act and of any Act relative to such Establishment, Matter, or Thing, are for the Time being united or authorized to be united as Two Counties of themselves), or with respect to some Matter or Thing preliminary to or consequent on any such Expenditure, and either that a Difference on the Question has arisen between the Justices sitting in Quarter Sessions in the Divisions severally, or that the Question has been referred to the Special Court by the Justices sitting in Quarter Sessions in one of the Divisions.

12. The Special Court of General Sessions shall not make, assess, or levy any Rate, or make any Order on the Treasurer of either Division of the County of Sussex, but the Order of the Special Court in any Business transacted by it shall be binding on the Justices of the Peace sitting in Quarter Sessions in each Division, and shall be carried into effect by those Justices accordingly, as far as the Divisions severally are affected by the Order.

13. It shall be and be deemed to have been lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex sitting in Quarter Sessions in the Western Division of the County in the Manner heretofore used to make, assess, and levy separate Rates in the Nature of County Rates on and in the several Rapes in that Division, for Repair and Maintenance of Bridges in the several Rapes, and to appoint separate Treasurers of the several Rapes for the Purposes of those Rates.

14. Nothing in this Act shall affect the Provisions of Section Six of the Act of the Session of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Fifty-seven) of further to amend the Laws relating to the Militia in England" concerning the Expenses to be paid for the Purposes of the Acts therein mentioned relating to the Militia in the County of Sussex, or empower Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex sitting in Quarter Sessions or in Special Court of General Sessions or otherwise to alter those Provisions.

15. It shall be and be deemed to have been lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex to provide and maintain out of County Rates for the Militia of the County Two separate Storehouses, with Quarters for the Permanent Staff, and other proper Conveniences and Appurtenances, at separate Places.

16. Nothing in this Act shall affect the Provisions of the Act (Local and Personal) of the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (Chapter One hundred and seven) " for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Eastern Division of the County of " Sussex to take down the present Shire Hall or Sessions House in the Town of Lewes, M and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Sessions House in a more convenient " Situation within the said Town."

17. Any Action or Proceeding whatever shall not, after the passing of this Act, lie or be maintainable against any Person on account of the doing or omitting at any Time before the passing of this Act of anything the doing or omission whereof is made valid or lawful by this Act; and if any such Action or Proceeding is nevertheless brought or instituted the Court in which the same is brought or instituted or any Judge thereof may, on the Application of the Defendant, make such Order therein for staying Proceedings or such other Order as seems just; but any such Order may be at any Time afterwards discharged or varied as Justice may require.

18. The

Authority of Special Court.

Orders of Special Court

Rates for Bridges in Western Division.

Nothing to affect Sect. 6. of 18 & 19 Vict c. 57. as to Expenses relating to Militia.

Militia Storehouses

Nothing to affect Provisions of 48 G. S. c. evii.

Proceedings for Acts done may be stayed by Court.

Repeal of 27 & 28 Vict. c. 100.

[Short Title.]

28° VICTORIAE, c. 37.

18. The Act of the last Session of Parliament (Chapter One hundred) " to confirm " certain Proceedings of the Justices of Sussex " is hereby repealed; but this Repeal shall not affect the past Operation of that Act, or any Rate, Order, Act, Matter, or Thing made, done, or regulated under that Act before the passing of this Act.

19. This Act may be cited as The County of Sussex Act, 1865.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

Matters respecting which Divisions to be deemed separate Counties.

County Treasurers -County Rates

Constabulary

Gaols and Houses of Correction -

Asylums for Pauper Lunatics

Bridges

Highways -

12 Geo. 2. c. 29.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 81.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 93.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 88.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 33.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 69. 22 & 23 Vict. c. 32.

4 Geo. 4. c. 64.

5 Geo. 4. c. 85.

6 Geo. 4, c. 40.

7 Geo. 4. c. 18.

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 38.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 98.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 105.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 43. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 97.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 105.

19 & 20 Vict. c. 87. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 111. 12 Geo. 2. c. 29.

14 Geo. 2. c. 33.

43 Geo. 3. c. 59.

52 Geo. 3. c. 110.

54 Geo. 3. c. 90.

55 Geo. 3. c. 143.

4 & 5 Vict. c. 49.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 61. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 101.

The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Matters respecting which Divisions not to be deemed separate Counties.

Militia

Coroners Salaries Judges Lodgings

f 17 & 18 Vict. c. 105. { 18 & 19 Vict. c. 57.

L 23 & 24 Vict. c. 94.

- 23 & 24 Vict c. 116.

f 7 Geo. 4. c. 63.

\ 2 & 3 Vict. c. 69.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 38. 187

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to authorize the Alteration of the Time for holding Statutory Meetings of Commissioners of Supply in Scotland.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS an Annual Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply for each County in Scotland is held on the Thirtieth Day of April; but in some Counties it has been found inconvenient to hold the annual Meeting on that Day, and it is expedient that the Commissioners of Supply should be authorized to alter the Day of Meeting Be it enacted}by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Commissioners of Supply Meetings (Scotland) Act, 1865."

2. Any Six Commissioners of Supply of any County in Scotland may present to the Requisition Convener of such County a Requisition in Writing, in the Form of the Schedule (A.) to Ifl-this Act annexed, or as near as may be, and signed by them, stating their Intention to propose Alte-propose at any Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of such County to be ration may be held on the Thirtieth Day of April in any Year, or, if that Day be a Sunday, on the first lawful Day thereafter, or at any General or Adjourned Meeting of the Commissioners of countyT° Supply of such County to be held in the Month of September or October in any Year, an Alteration of the Day for holding the Annual Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of such County, and specifying the Day on which it is proposed that such Meeting should thereafter be held, not being earlier than the First Day of April, and not being later than the Twelfth Day of May, and requiring the Convener to give Notice of such proposed Alteration.

3. On the said Requisition being presented to the Convener of such County he shall cause Notice of Notice thereof to be given by Publication of the said Requisition for Three successive Weeks ^qT^ion to previous to the Meeting at which such Alteration is to be proposed, in at least One News- given' paper published in Edinburgh and One Newspaper published in the County, or if no Newspaper is published therein, in a Newspaper published in some adjoining County, and

by Circular containing a Copy of the said Requisition, and forwarded by Post to each Commissioner of Supply at his last known or usual Address One Month at least previous to such Meeting.

4. The Commissioners of Supply of such County may, by the Votes of not less than Two Commissioners Thirds of the Commissioners of Supply who are present at such Meeting, resolve that the

Annual Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply in such County shall cease to be Alteration of

held on the Day on which it is then held, and shall be held on the Day specified in the said Day for holding

Requisition, or on such other Day as they think fit, not being earlier than the First Day of

April, and not being later than the Twelfth Day of May; and the Resolution of such ng8 '

Meeting may be in the Form of the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed, or as near as may

be; and a Copy of the said Resolution, signed by the Convener of the County and the

Clerk of Supply, shall, within Ten Days after such Meeting, be recorded in the Sheriff

Court Books of the County.

5. From and after the passing and recording of the said Resolution, the Annual Statutory

Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of such County shall be held on the *

Day specified in the said Resolution; and any Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply and Day fixed In Justices of the Peace of such County which may by any Act of Parliament or otherwise be the Resolution directed or appointed to be held on the same Day as the Annual Statutory Meeting of the of Mectin£° Commissioners of Supply shall also be held on the Day specified in the said Resolution.

6. The Meetings to be held on the Day specified in the said Resolution shall in all Meetings to be respects, and for all Purposes whatsoever, be the Annual Statutory Meetings of the Com- statutor^ missioners of Supply, and of the Commissioners of Supply and Justices of the Peace Meeting *, respectively, in and for such County; and all Rates, Taxes, and Assessments which, under

the

Meeting of Commissioners for Election of a new Convener of a County.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 38, 39.

the Provisions of any Public or Local Act of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be passed, the Commissioners of Supply or the Commissioners of Supply and Justices of the Peace of such County respectively are required or directed to fix or impose at their Annual Statutory Meetings, shall be fixed and imposed by the Commissioners of Supply or the Commissioners of Supply and Justices of the Peace of such County respectively present at the Annual Meetings to be held on the Day specified in the said Resolution; and all Acts, Matters, and Proceedings which, under the Provisions of any Public or Local Act of Parliament now in force or hereafter to be passed, or otherwise, are required or directed to be done, considered, or determined at any Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply or of the Commissioners of Supply and Justices of the Peace of such County respectively, may be done, considered, and determined at the Annual Meetings to be held on the Day specified in the said Resolution.

7. Whenever it is necessary to elect a Convener of a County, other than the Person who has hitherto filled that Office, it shall be the Duty of the Clerk of Supply, within One Week of being apprised of a Vacancy, to cause it to be notified by Advertisement and Circular as herein-before provided, and to summon a Meeting of Commissioners of Supply to assemble for such Election within Six Weeks of the Issue of such Notification.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Form of Requisition.

[Date.]

We, the undersigned Commissioners of Supply of the County of do

hereby, in pursuance of the Provisions of u The Commissioners of Supply Meetings (Scotland) Act, 1865," intimate that at the Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County to be held at on the Day of next, we

intend to propose that the Annual Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County shall hereafter be held on Day of April [or May], [or on the

First (Second, Third, or Fourth, as the Case may he) Tuesday (or other Day of the Week) of the Month of April [or May]; and we have to request that you will cause Notice of this Requisition to be given in Terms of the said Act.

To the Convener of the County of

SCHEDULE (B.)

Form of Resolution.

The Commissioners of Supply of the County of resolve that the Annual

Statutory Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of the said County shall cease to be held on [the Day on which it is then held], and shall be held on the Day of

April [or May], [or on the First (Second, Third, or Fourth, as the Case may be) Tuesday (or other Day of the Week) of the Month of April [or May] in each Year hereafter.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of a Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales have, in pursuance of "The Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land," issued their Provisional Orders for and concerning the proposed Inclosures mentioned in the

Schedule

189

28' VICTORIA, c. 39, 40.

Schedule to this Act, and the requisite Consents thereto have been given since the Date

of their Twentieth Annual General Report: And whereas the said Commissioners have

by a Special Report certified their Opinion that such proposed Inclosures would be

expedient; but the same cannot be proceeded with without the previous Authority of

Parliament i Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said several proposed Inclosures mentioned in the Schedule to this Act be ^©Sulemay

proceeded with. be proceeded

2. In citing this Act in other Acts of Parliament and in leral Instruments it shall be gbort Title sufficient to use either the Expression " The Second Annual Inclosure Act, 1865," or " The ° e# Acts for the Inclosure, Exchange, and Improvement of Land."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Inclosure. County. Date of Provisional Order.

Llangeler, Pemboyr, and Kilrhedin. Carmarthen 24th November 1864.

Bradwell - Derby - 12th January 1865.

East Knoyle - - Wilts - 9th February 1865.

Hartley Wintney - Southampton - 16th February 1865.

Longsleddale - - Westmorland - 2d March 1865.

Longville Common - Salop - 2d March 1865.

Selston - - Nottingham - 14th February 1865.

Brockcomb Common - Devon - 16th March 1865.

Blagrove Moor - - Devon _ 16th March 1865.

Chipping Wycombe - Buckingham - 9th March 1865.

Chidden Down - - Southampton - 2d March 1865.

Anthill Common - Southampton - 2d March 1865.

Brumby Commons - - Lincoln - - 29th March 1865.

Brumby Moors - - Lincoln. 29th March 1865.

Nuthurst - - Sussex - 27th April 1865.

Stinchcombe - Gloucester - 4th May 1865.

Addingham - York - 28th April 1865.

Bootle and Waberthwaite - Cumberland - 8th May 1865.

Cefhllys -. Radnor - - 6th May 1865.

Gravenhunger Moss - Salop - 27th April 1865.

Houghton - Norfolk - - 4th May 1865.

Bettws Gwerfil Gocli - - Merioneth - 11th May 1865.

CAP. XL.

An Act to extend to the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to give to Trustees, Mortgagees, and others certain Powers now commonly inserted in Settlements, Mortgages, and Wills.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is doubtful whether the Provisions contained in the Twenty-seventh Section of the Act passed in the Session holden in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to give to Trustees, Mortgagees, and 23 & 24 Vict. 28 VICT. B b ' others c* 145 '

Meaning of " Court of Chancery in Sect 27. of recited Act

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict c. 98.

[Short Title.]

28° VICTORIAE, c. 40, 41.

1 others certain Powers now commonly inserted in Settlements, Mortgages, and Wills, apply to Trustees appointed by the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster Be it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Words " the Court of Chancery " in the Twenty-seventh Section of the last-mentioned Act shall be deemed to extend to and include the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

CAP. XLI.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Sheffield, Bradford, and Gloucester.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local (Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the

Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament; and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed, and further Provision made in relation thereto:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall from and after the passing of this Act be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act, except as to the Bradford Provisional Order that the Local Board for the District of Bradford shall not be empowered to put in force with reference to the Lands comprised in the Fourth Part of the Schedule to such Order the Powers of The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the Purchase and taking of Land otherwise than by Agreement.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act

3. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1865, (No. 3)."

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

Sheffield. — Repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Sheffield Local Board.

Bradford (Yorkshire). — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health otherwise than by Agreement for Street Improvements.

Gloucester. — Repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Gloucester LocS Board of Health.

Sheffield.

28» VICTORIA, c. 4l.

SHEFFIELD.

Provisional Order repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Sheffield

Local Board.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Sheffield in the County of York, acting as the Local Board for the said District of Sheffield, in which District the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted, have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to the Right Honourable Sir George Grey, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the District aforesaid, the said Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the fifty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of " Sheffield in the County of York."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District in respect of the matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The said Local Act 58 Geo. 3. cap. 54. shall be wholly and entirely repealed; and the exemption from rating conferred by the proviso to the 16th section of the said Act shall cease.

2. — All the property and estate of the Commissioners acting in execution of the said

Local Act shall be transferred to and become vested in the said Local Board.

3. — All debts and liabilities under the said Local Act shall be satisfied by the said Local

Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made; and if such property and estate shall be insufficient for that purpose, then their debts and liabilities may be satisfied as debts and liabilities under the Local Government Act, 1858; and it shall be lawful for the said Local Board, with such sanction as is required by the said Act for the borrowing of other sums by the said Local Board, to borrow such sums as shall be required to discharge the said debts and liabilities.

4. — All expenses under the said Act shall be borne by the rates leviable in the said

District under the said Local Government Act, as if the purposes for which such expenses were incurred were purposes of the said Local Government Act

Given under my hand this Sixth day of February in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gret.

191

BRADFORD.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Bradford, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bradford in the County of York, acting as the Local Board of Health for that District, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for certain street improvements in the said District, as set forth and described in such Petition.

192

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41.

And whereas the 'said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order —

The said Local Board for the District of Bradford aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this First day of February in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gbey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, are the following: —

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1

FIRST PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Tyrrel Street.

1

2

3

4

5

6

Shop, Workshops, Warehouses, Cellar, Steps in Yard, and Frontage.

Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Coal - place, Steps, and Frontage.

Blacksmith's Shop, Shoeing Shop, Warehouses, Dwelling Rooms, Steps, and Frontage.

Shop, Steps, and Frontage.

Shops, Dwelling-house, Workshops, and Frontage.

Cottage -

Joseph Fearnley - Bonnell.

Thomas Denison, -Dyson Denison, and Mary Denison. Ditto -

Ditto Michael Smith

Ditto

- Joseph Fearnley Bon-

nell, John Bowman, John Lupton.

- David Parkinson,

Richard Fletcher.

- Samuel Roys ton and

James Procter, Isaac Moses and Montague Moses, Richard

Fletcher.

- Richard Fletcher.

- Christopher Wilkinson.

- Christopher Wilkinson, David Parkinson.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41

193

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

7 Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. John Ward, Trustee oflate Susan W ard, Joseph Fearnley Bonnell, Thomas Denison, Dyson Denison, and Mary Denison, Michael Smith, John Lup-ton, Trustee oflate Susan Ward, John Ward. John Lupton, Richard Fawcett, Joseph Fearnley Bonnell, John Bowman, David Parkinson, Samuel Royston and James Procter, Isaac Moses and Montague Moses, Richard Fletcher, Christopher Wilkinson.

SECOND PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Mabket Stbeet.

(Section B.)

8 Forecourt John Stead - George Parkinson and Robert Clark. George Parkinson and Robert Clark, Denbigh Scott, James Holroyd, Joseph Kaye, Thomas Clarke, Rodolphus Egan, Tom Akam, William Wilkinson, Thomas Hartley, and Samuel Priestley.

9 Shop, Office, Dwelling-house, Yard, Coachhouse, and Outbuildings. John Stead - George Parkinson and Robert Clark. George Parkinson and Robert Clark.

10 Office and Shutter Box. Mrs. Emily Steele and James Wood, Trustees of John Steele. Joseph Spink - Charles Waller, Joseph Spink.

11 Shop and Stock Room Alfred Ogden - - Hannah Ogden and Alfred Ogden.

12 Piece Rooms J ames Greaves Tetley Parkinson. William Rouse and James Hammond. William Rouse and James Hammond, John Glover, Maurice Goggin.

13 Shop, Dwelling-house, Wash-house and Coal-place. Ditto James Greaves Tetley Parkinson.

14 Piece Rooms - Ditto ..... Charles Stanfield.

15 Yard and Passage Benjamin Greenwood, Alfred Ogden, James Greaves Tetley Parkinson. William Rouse and James Hammond. George Edmund Donis-thorpe, John Crofts and Richard Dawson, Joshua Wood, Benjamin Greenwood, Henry Mason, James Malli-son, John M&llison, Hannah Ogden and

No.

Description of Land Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

u intended to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

16

Tobacco Manufactory

Alfred Ogden

17

Privies, Ashpit, Passage.

and

James Greaves Tetley Parkinson.

William Rouse and James Hammond,

Alfred Ogden, James Greaves Tetley Parkinson, Maurice Gog-gin, John Glover, William Rouse, and James Hammond.

James Greaves Tetley Parkinson.

William Rouse and J ames Hammond, John Glover, Maurice Gog-gin, James Greaves Tetley Parkinson.

(Section E.)

18

: 9

20

21

22

23

24

26

27

Public House called " Hope and Anchor " Inn, Outbuildings, and Front Area.

Shop, Warehouses, Privy, and Ashpit.

Warehouse and Storeroom.

Saddle Room, Brew-house, Warehouse, and Store Room.

Stable, Workroom, and Workshop.

Wool Waste Warehouse.

Wool Waste Warehouse.

Leather Dealer's Shop, Warehouse, and Front Area.

Piece Rooms, Storeroom, Shop, Workshops, Cellars, Front Area.

Passage, Yard, Privy, and Ashpit.

Charles Waller

Henry Brown Eliza Senior -

Charles Waller,

Eliza Senior.

Charles Waller

Thomas Snow

Waud.

Hannah Green

Eliza Senior

Eliza Senior, Thomas Wood Bartholomew, and William Hamond Bartholomew, Charles Senior.

Ditto -

Henry Brown and Thomas Parkinson Muff.

Ditto

Charles Dale.

Henry Brown and Thomas Parkinson Muff.

Ditto.

Charles Dale, Henry Brown, and Thomas Parkinson Muff. Charles Dale, J Fletcher.

William Brown.

Joseph Hind, John Waller, and William Atkinson.

Joseph Dawson Sugden.

Joseph Dawson Sugden, John Barrow, John Sutcliffe, Sampson Illingworth, Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent.

Joseph Dawson Sugden, John Barrow, John Sutcliffe, Sampson Illingworth, Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent, Joseph MacOwan, William Bowyer Cross.

No.

on

Plan.

Description of Land Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

intended to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

28

Workshops, Offices, Warehouses, Counting-houses and Cellar.

Thomas Wood Bar- -tholomew, and William Hamond Bartholomew, Charles Senior.

29

Cellars, Piece Booms, Bedrooms, Counting-houses, Offices, Yard, and Front Area.

Ditto

30

House and Eating Booms.

Jane Woodhead -

- Burton Brewery Company (Limited) John Johnston Parry, agent, Joseph MacOwan, William Bowy er Cross, Joseph Dawson Sugden.

- Jonathan Smith, Bur-

ton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent, Edmund Hindle, Joseph Woodhead Monckman, Richard Mortimer Scholefield, Jane Woodhead.

- Jane Woodhead.

31

House, Shop, Cellar.

and

Thomas SnowWaud -

- Charles Dale.

32

33

Yard, Privies, Ashpits, Manure Pit, covered .Boad.

Shop and Warehouses

Charles Waller, Henry Brown, Thomas Wood Bartholomew and William Hamond Bartholomew, Charles Senior, Eliza Senior, Hannah Green, Jane Woodhead, Thomas Snow Waud.

Francis Sharp Powell.

Henry Brown, Thomas Parkinson Muff.

Henry Brown -

Henry Brown, Thomas Parkinson Muff, Charles Dale, Jane Woodhead, Richard Mortimer Scholefield, John Denton, Armitage Wilkinson, and Joseph Cockcroft, William Brown, Mary Bentley, Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent, Jonathan Smith, Edmund Hindle, Joseph Woodhead Monckman, Joseph Mac Owan, William

Bowyer Cross, Joseph Dawson Sugden, John Barrow, John Sutcliffe, Sampson Illingworth.

John Greenwood.

34

Yard and Ashpit

Ditto

35

Tinner's Shop, Workshop, Warehouse, and Office.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

- John Greenwood, Henry Brown, and Thomas Parkinson Muff, Joseph Sow-den, John Hall, William Brooksbank.

Joseph Sowden, John Greenwood.

196

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

36 Passage and Public Way. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford, Francis Sharp Powell. Ditto The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford, Joseph Sowden, John Greenwood.

37 Shop, Cellar, Warehouses, and Back Area. Francis Sharp Powell. Ditto John Hall, Joseph Kershaw, and Jonas Jowett.

38 House, Shop, Workshop, Cellar, and Back Area. Ditto - Ditto William Brooksbank.

39 Shop, Workshop, and Warehouse. Ditto - Ditto John Maude.

40 Beerhouse, called " Wakefield Arms," Cellar, and Urinal. Ditto - Michael Stocks, Sarah Priestley. Sarah Priestley.

41 Wool Warehouse and Privy. Ditto - Michael Stocks Joseph Hurst, James Cluderay.

42 Public House called " Roebuck Inn " and Dram Shop, Shop, Warehouses, and Piece Rooms. Francis Sharp Powell. John Dyson and James Dyson, John Aked. Samuel Thomas, James Cluderay, Andrew Moulding, Richard Hardaker and Henry Widdop, Charles Keighley, John Fawcett.

43 Passage, Yard, Ashpit, and Privies. Ditto - Ditto Joseph Hirst, Sarah Priestley, James Cluderay, Abram Moseley and Thomas Moseley, Henry Holdsworth and Robert Clough, Charles Keighley, Thomas Longbottom, Isaac White, Joseph Bottomley, Samuel Thomas, Henry Brown and Thomas Parkinson Muff, Andrew Moulding, Richard Hardaker and Henry Widdop, J ohn Fawcett.

Coalplace, Stable, Steps, and Workshop. Ditto - Ditto Samuel Thomas, Honry Brown, and Thomas Parkinson Muff.

45 Wool and Waste Warehouses, Brewhouse, and Cellar. Ditto Ditto Abram Moseley, Thomas Moseley, Henry Holdsworth and Robert Clough, Charles Keighley, Isaac White, Joseph Sowden, Samuel Thomas.

46 Shop and Warehouse George Royle Wright. - Mark Oddy.

47 Shop and Warehouses Ditto - George Hannibal Isitt.

No.

on

Plan.

Description of Land intended to be taken.

48

49

Warehouse and Bed- John Ratcliff rooms.

Coalhouse, Warehouse, Ditto

Shop, Yard, Privy,

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

- Joseph Beanland.

- Joseph Beanland, John Hunter.

50

51

52

53

Kitchens and Warehouse.

Shop, Sitting-room, and Cellar.

Eating House and Shop.

Dwelling House and Shop.

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

Ann Mann, Joseph Wood

54

55

56

57

58

House and Shop Butcher's Shop and Bedroom, Kitchen. Shop, Cigar Manufactory, and Warehouses. Shop, W orkshop, W are-house, Passage, and Offices.

Yard, Ashpit, and Privy.

Ann Mann -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

59

60

Shop, Warehouses,

Yard, and Water-closet.

Shop -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto.

- Ditto.

- Joseph Beanland.

- Sarah Taylor, Harriet

Taylor, and Ann Taylor, Joseph Beanland.

- Edward Clayton Cooke.

- John Ratcliffe, Edward

Clayton Cooke.

- Samuel Walsh.

- Benjamin Butterfield,

Henry Yewdall.

- Edward Clayton Cooke,

John Ratcliffe, Samuel Walsh, Benjamin Butterfield, Henry Yewdall.

- Thomas Alderson and

Joseph Alderson.

- Thomas Alderson and

Joseph Alderson, Joseph Hartley.

(Section F.)

61

62

63

64

65

66

67

Public House called " Boar's Head Inn," Brewhouse, Yard, Ashpit, Privy.

Shop, Room, Y ard, Ashpit, and Privy.

Shop

Shop, Dwelling-house, and Cellar.

Shop, Room, Cellar, and Closet.

Shop, Workshops, Warehouse, Cellar.

Shop, Offices, and Workshop.

The Mayor, Alder- -men, and Burgesses of Bradford.

Anne Metcalfe -

Joseph Farrar -

William Holgate -

William Holgate, -Timothy Long-bottom, Trustee of late Nancy Long-bottom.

Timothy Long- -bottom, Trustee of late Nancy Long-bottom, William Holgate.

Johnson Atkinson -Busfield.

- Joseph Blamires.

- Sarah Hartley.

- William Brown.

- William Holgate.

- George Brown, William

Holgate.

- George Brown.

- James Brown, Henry Ibbotson.

Cc

28 Vict.

198

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

THIRD PART. Comprising the Lands required for the intended New Street from Bank STREET to Sun

Bridge, and for widening a portion of Bank STREET.

Public House called " Hope and Anchor" Inn, Outbuildings, and Front Area. Charles Waller -

Shop, Warehouses, Privy, and Ashpit. Henry Brown -

Warehouse and Storeroom. Eliza Senior Henry Brown ind Thomas Parkinson Muff.

Saddle Room, Brew-house, Warehouse, and Storeroom. Charles Waller, Eliza Senior. Ditto

Stable, Workroom, and Workshop. Charles Waller -

Wool Waste Warehouse. Thomas Snow Waud.

Wool Waste Warehouse. Hannah Green -

Leather Dealers Shop, Warehouse, and Front Area. Eliza Senior -

Piece Room, Store Room, Shop, Workshops, Cellars, Front Area. Eliza Senior, Thomas Wood Bartholomew and William Hamond Bartholomew, Charles Senior.

Passage, Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. Ditto

Workshops, Offices, Warehouses, Counting-houses, and Cellars. Thomas Wood Bartholomew and William Hamond Bartholomew, Charles Senior.

Cellars, Piece Rooms, Bedrooms, Counting-houses, Offices, Yard, and Front Area. Thomas Wood Bartholomew and W il-liam Hamond Bartholomew, Charles Senior.

18

19

50

51

22

28

24

is

26

27

28

29

Charles Dale.

Henry Brown and Thomks Parkinson Muff.

Ditto.

Charles Dale, Henry Brown, and Thomas Parkinson Muff. Charles Dale, J.

Fletcher.

William Brown.

Joseph Hind, John Waller, and William Atkinson.

Joseph Dawson Sugden.

Joseph Dawson Sugden, John Barrow, John Sutcliffe, Sampson Illingworth, Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent.

Joseph Dawson Sugden, John Barrow, John Sutcliffe, Sampson Illingworth, Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent, Joseph MacOwan, William Bowyer Cross.

Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent, Joseph Mac Owan, William Bowyer Cross, Joseph Dawson Sugden.

Jonathan Smith, Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent Edmund Hindle, Joseph Wood head

Monckman, Richard Mortimer Scholefield, Jane Woodhead.

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken.

30 House and Eating

Rooms.

31 House, Shop, and Cellar.

32 Yard, Privies, Ashpit,

Manure Pit, eovered

Road.

69

70

71

Public House called "The Fleece Inn," Brewhouse, Stables, and Frontage.

Wool Waste Warehouses.

Wool Waste Warehouses and Stable,

79

Workshop

79 Corn Warehouse 74 Yw^PawagfcFriyJei, and Ashpit.

75

76

77

78

Shop and Storeroom -Shop and Workroom -Shop, Wpfksiop, and Room.

Shop and Room

Names of Owner* or Kama« of Lessees or reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Jane Woodhead

Th omas Snow W and Charles Waller, Henry Brown, Thomas Wood Bartholomew and William Hamond Bartholomew, Charles Senior, Eliza Senior, Hannah Green, Jane Woodhead, Thomas Snow Waud.

Robert Shackleton-

Henry Brown and Thomas Parkinson Muff.

John Smith

Jane Woodhead.

Charles Dale.

Henry Brown, Thomas Parkinson Muff, Charles Dale, Jane Woodhead, Richard Mortimer Scholefield, John Denton, Armitage Wilkinson and Joseph Cockreft, William Brown, Mary Bentley, Burton Brewery Company (Limited), John Johnston Parry, agent, Jonathan Smith, Edmund Hindle, Joseph Woodhead Monckman, Joseph MacOwan, William Bowyer Cross, Joseph Dawson Sugden, J ohn Barrow, John Sutcliffe, Sampson Illingworth.

John Smith.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto Robert Sheckletoo, Robert Holdp-

worth and Mrs. J udith Holdp-

worth, Mrs. Ryecroft.

Robert Shackleton Ditto -

Ditto -

- John Smith, John Hart-

ley, Joseph Cooper.

- Samuel Procter and

Charles Procter, and John Rawnsley.

- Robert Shackleton, ^Tohn

Fawcett, James Holliwell.

Robert Shackleton.

- Henry Scott, Timothy

Roper, David Laycock and Benjamin Day-cock, Richard Brown, Thomas Holt, Henry Arensberg, John Smith, John Hartley, Joseph Cooper, Samuel Procter and Charles Procter, and John Rawnsley, Robert Shackleton, John Fawcett, James Holliwell.

- Henry Arensberg.

Thomas Holt.

- Richard Brown.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Robert Holdsworth and Mrs. Holdf-worth, Mrs. Rye-I croft. I

- David Layeock and Benjamin Laycock, Timothy Roper.

200

No. on Flan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

7$ House, Shop, and 'Warehouse. Robert Holdsworth and Mrs. Holdsworth, Mrs. Ryecroft. - Timothy Roper.

80 Shop and Workshop - Ditto ..... Joseph Wilson.

81 Dram Shop, Office, Warehouse, Bottling Room, Counting-house. James Thistleton Haigh. William Wright, Trustee of late James Wright William Wright, Trustee of late James Wright, Samuel Wright

82 Shop and Warehouses Ditto John Conway - John Conway.

83 Ditto - Ditto - Felix Marsh Remington. Felix Marsh Remington.

84 Yard, Privies, and Ashpit. Ditto Felix Marsh Remington, John Conway, William Wright, Trustee of late James Wright. Felix Marsh Remington, John Conway, William Wright, Trustee of late James Wright

85 Shop, Storeroom, Workshops, Class Rooms, Warehouse, and Printing Office. James Willins Taylor. Joseph Parkinson and Henry Myers. Joseph Parkinson and Henry Myers, Fred. Smart, John Firth, Richard Fawkes Ward-man, Jonas Wood.

86 Shop and Billiard Rooms. Ditto William James William James, Warehousemen's Society, Thomas Firth, Secretary, John Turner.

87 Shop, Piece Rooms, Store Rooms. Ditto Thomas Ramsden - Thomas Ramsden, James Collinson, Dan Robinson, Henry Cockroft, William Ackroyd, William Gawthrop.

88 Shop, Warehouse, Piece Rooms, Meeting Room, and Privy. Ditto William Dawson Mortimer. William Dawson Mortimer, James Collinson, Mormons' Society,

89 Passages, Yards, Privies, and Ashpits. Ditto Joseph Parkinson and Henry Myers, William James, Thomas Ramsden, William Dawson Mortimer. Joseph Bull, Secretary. Fred. Smart, John Firth, Richard Fawkes Ward-man, Jonas Wood, William Dawson Mortimer, James Collinson, Mormons' Society, Joseph Bull, Secretary, Thomas Ramsden, Dan Robinson, Henry Cockroft, William Ackroyd, William James, Warehousemen's Society, Thomas Firth, Secretary, John Turner, Joseph Parkinson, and Henry Myers, William Gawthrop.

90 Shop and Warehouse Elisabeth Rawson - John Fawcett John Fawcett

91 Shop - Ditto - Ditto Ditto, John Poppleton.

53 Dwelling - house and Shop. Ann Mann, Joseph Wood. Sarah Taylor, Harriet Taylor, Ann Taylor, Joseph Beanland.

54 House and Shop -1 Ann Mann - - Edward Clayton Cooke.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41

201

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

55 Butcher's Shop and Bedroom, Kitchen. Ann Mann - - John Ratcliffe, Edward Clayton Cooke.

56 Shop, Cigar Manufactory, and Warehouses'. Ditto Samuel Walsh.

57 Shop, Workshop, Warehouse, Passage, and Offices. Ditto - Benjamin Butterfield, Henry Yewdall.

58 Yard, Ashpit, and Privy. Ditto - Edward Clayton Cooke, John Ratcliffe, Samuel Walsh, Benjamin Butterfield, Henry Yewdall.

59 Shop, Warehouses, Y ard, and W atercloset Ditto - - Thomas Alderson and Joseph Alderson.

60 Shop - Ditto Thomas Alderson and Joseph Alderson, Joseph Hartley.

FOURTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the intended New Street from Bank Street to

Kirkgate.

92 Part of Shop -

93 Ditto

- John Raw son and Thomas Buck. Ditto -

94 Part of Shop and Piece

Room.

95 Ditto

Ditto - Ditto -

96

97

98

99

100

101

102

Ditto

Warehouses, Shops, Piece Rooms, Offices, W aterclosets, Houses, Beershop called " Piece Hall Vaults," Passage, and Frontage.

Public House called " Talbot Inn," Yard, Brewhouse, Coachhouse, Stables, Ashpits, Privy, and Manure Pit

Warehouse

Wireworker's Shop Eating House -Talbot Yard

Ditto - Ditto -

Thomas Wood Bartholomew and William Hamond Bartholomew.

Thomas Wood Bartholomew and William Hamond Bartholomew. Ditto Ditto Ditto

- Joseph Hartley, Joseph

Rhodes.

- George Farmery, Joseph

Rhodes.

- William Cass.

Benjamin Briggs Popplewell, Assignee of John Bell.

John Irwin, Charles Lumb.

William Mansfield *

John Wilcock, Eli Bot-tomley, Charles Howard, and Edward Holdsworth, Henry Roberts and Samuel Roberts, Thomas Williamson.

Benjamin Briggs Popplewell, Assignee of John Bell.

Ditto

- Robert Lancester.

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Joseph Rhodes.

Abel Archer.

Benjamin Briggs Popplewell, Assignee of John Bell, Joseph Swaine, Joseph Rhodes, Abel Archer.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken.

m Shop, Dwelling-house, Area, and Ashpit

104 Yard and Road

105 Shop and Dwelling-house.

106 Office and Workroom

107 Dwelling-house

108 Offices -

109 Offices, Coal Closet, and Steps.

110 Offices, Porch, House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellars, Area, and Frontage.

111 Shop, Dwelling-house, and Frontage.

112 Shop, Dwelling-house, Area, and Frontage.

U8 Shop, Dwelling-house, and Coal-place.

114 Shop, Workrooms, and Coal-place.

116 Passage, Yard, Privy, and Ashpit

116 Warehouses and Steps

117 Ditto -

118 Shops, Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Yard, Area, Post Office, Offices, and Workshops.

Reverend George -Barber Paley and Reverend George Mason.

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

Reverend George -Barber Paley and Reverend George Mason.

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto -

John McCreben and Edward McCroben.

- Benjamin Briggs Pop-

plewell, Assignee of John BeU, Joseph Swaine, Joseph

Rhodes, Abel Archer, John McCroben and Edward McCroben, Ann Northrop, and Martha Northrop.

- Ann Northrop and

Martha Northrop.

- James Whalley, William

Holgate, Stuff Makers Up Friendly Society, Joseph Hall, Secretary.

- William Holgate.

- George Humble.

William Gilyard, John Jowett Hill.

William Gilyard, William Hargreaves, James Taylor.

- Thomas Whitfield.

Henry Arensberg and Louis Arena berg.

» James Bowes.

Henry Rhodes.

James Taylor, Thomas

Whitfield, Henry Arensberg and Louis Arensberg, James Bowes.

- William Hudson Bil-

brough, Edmund Jewett

- Francis Lister and

Joseph Jowett. Edwin Davis, John Boast, Henry Francis Lockwood, William Mawson and Richard Mawson, Henry Ogle Mawson, William Coates (Postmaster).

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41

203

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

119 Yard, Privies, and Ashpits. Ditto - Ann Northrop, James Whalley, William Hol-gate, Stuff Makers Up Friendly Society, Joseph Hall, Secretary, George Humble, William Gilyard, John Jowitt Hill, William Hargreaves, Henry Rhodes, William Hudson Bilbrough, Edmund Jowitt, Henry Ogle Mawson, Edwin Davis, John Boast, William Coates, Henry Francis Lockwood, William Mawson and Richard Mawson.

ISO Public Foot Road Called "Union Passage." The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford, Reverend George Barber Paley, and Reverend George Mason. The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

1S1 Boundary Wall Ann Rouse, John Seppmgs Harrison and Thomas Emsley, Trustees of late David Rouse.

FIFTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Extension of Brook Street.

122 Wool Warehouses, Offices, and Piece Rooms. Richard Polycarp Mortimer. Thomas Robertshaw, Luther Robertshaw, Calvin Robertshaw, and Illingworth Robertshaw, Samson Woller.

128 Ditto Ditto - James Oddy, Joseph Oddy, Thomas Oddy, and William Oddy, James Lund.

124 Shop, Wool Warehouses, and Frontage. William Reynald - Benjamin Tetley and William Tetley. William Reynald, Benjamin Tetley, William Tetley.

125 Shop, Office, Warehouses, and Frontage. William Reynald - James Oldfield and John Reffitt. James Oldfield, John Reffitt, Alfred Ellison.

126 Ashpit - Ditto - Benjamin Tetley and William Tetley, James Oldfield and John Reffitt. William Reynald, Benjamin Tetley and William Tetley, James Oldfield and John Reffitt, Alfred Ellison.

204

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

127 Street called "Ship Alley" The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford. - The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

SIXTH PART.

Comprising the Linds required for the intended New Street from Westgate to

Thornton Road.

128

129

130

131

132

133

134

135

136

137

Public House called "Bee Hive Inn," Brewhouse, Cottage, Stables, Timber Yards, Slaughter Houses, Blacksmith's Shop, Privies, and Outbuildings.

Yards, Passages, Bridge, and open Ground.

House, Shop, and Coal-place.

House, Shop, Coal-place, Coach-house, Stable, and Warehouse.

Mill Goit

Goit Side and Public Footpath.

Whitesmith's Shop, Schoolroom, Cart Shed, Stables, Yard and Outbuildings, and Byewaflh.

Foundry and Yard -

Workshops, Warehouses, and Yard.

House and Coal-place

John Hamerton, -Richard Sterne Carroll, Mary Ellen de Cardo-nel Wright, Rev. Thomas Booth Wright, and John Field Wright, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

- John Ambler, James

Sadler, Joseph Greet-ham, John Waters, Jane Lancaster, Frederick Johnson, Jane Waterhouse Burnett, Joseph Popplewell, Thomas Archbell Smith, John Hirst Thornton, Richard Berry.

- John Ambler, James

Sadler, Joseph Greet-ham, John Waters, Jane Lancaster, Frederick Johnson, Thomas Archbell Smith, Jane Waterhouse Burnett, Joseph Popplewell, John Hirst Thornton, Richard Berry, Harrison Nicholson.

- Thomas Archbell Smith.

- Harrison Nicholson.

John George Smyth

John George Smyth, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

John George Smyth

- Edward West, John

Slater Stansfield.

- The Mayor, Aldermen,

and Burgesses of Bradford.

- Joseph Parrott, Edward

West, and John Slater Stansfield.

Ditto

- John Willis.

Michael Nelson

John Christopher -Smith.

Edward Hillam, Joseph Garner, Michael Nelson.

Sally Smith.

No.

on Description of Land Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or Occupiers.

Plan. intended to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

138

Slaughter House, Workshops, and Yard.

John Christopher Smith.

139

Cottage and Land

140

141

142

143

144

145

146

147

Cottage and Wall

Ditto -

Cottage and Wall

Cottage, Coal-place, and Wall.

Cottage, Coal-place, and Yard.

Cottage

Cottage, Yard, and Coal-place.

Yard and Privy

Abraham Shepherd, -Sarah Holmes, Representatives of Abel Stell, viz. Mrs. Ellen Oddy, David Eamshaw, William To wnend, Reuben Stell, Mrs. Hird, John Wood, Joseph Wood, Samuel Stell, James Stell, William Hanson, Charles Crabtree, Representatives of James Clegg.

Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto -

148

149

Byewash

Vacant Ground and Beck.

Thomas Firth,

Michael Nelson, John George

Smyth.

Thomas Firth

150

Workshop, Warehouse, and Ground.

Ditto

151

Dwelling-house

Shop.

28 VICT.

and

Jonas Illingworth, J ohn Schofield, and The Bingley, Morton, and Shipley Benefit Building Society, — Wal-bank, Secretary.

D c

- Samuel Bidwell, David

Blowers and Edward Kemp, Sally Smith, Philip Smith, Elizabeth Smith.

- Thomas Wilson.

- John Kennedy.

- Joseph Foster.

- Tabitha HorsfielcL

- Jonathan Forster.

- Sarah Beetham.

- Sarah Beetham.

- Benjamin Firth.

- Sarah Beetham, Benja-

min Firth, Sally Smith, Samuel Bid-well, David Blowers and Edward Kemp, Philip Smith, Elizabeth Smith, Samuel Pollard, John Kennedy, Joseph Foster, Tabitha Horsfield, Jonathan Foster.

- Edward West, John

Slater Stansfield.

Joseph Freeman.

- Richard Lacey.

- Samuel Tiplady.

No.

on

162

153

164

166

166

167

158

159

160

161

162

163

Description of Land Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

intended to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Dwelling-house and Jonas Illingworth, m m

Office. John Schofield, and The Bingley, Morton, and Shipley Benefit Building

Society, — Wal-bank, Secretary.

Warehouses Ditto 4 -

Ditto - John Schofield -

Ditto - Ditto

Ditto - Ditto .....

Ditto - Joseph Hopkinson -

and Thomas Hopkinson.

Workshops and Ware- Ditto.

houses. Warehouses William Rhodes John Scott and John

Whittaker.

Worksheet and Ware- William Rhodes - John Scott and John

house* Whittaker.

Workshops John Schofield -

Yard, PassageJPrlvles, and Ashpit. Jonas Illingworth* John Schofield, The Bingley, Morton, and Shipley Benefit Building Society, — Wal-bank, Secretary, Joseph Hopkinson, and Thom*s Hopkinson. m m m m

Street called " Wade

John George Smyth, Joseph Hopkinson

Street.'1 Michael Nelson, and Thomas Hop-

Thomas Firth, W11-liam Rhodes, J onas Illingworth. kinson.

Jonas Illingworth.

Robert Sutcliffe, Lock-wood Stephenson.

John Ellis and Abraham Jagger.

Jonathan Aykroyd and Thomas Wroe.

Jonathan Holdsworth.

Samuel Lee, Joseph Hopkinson and Thomaa Hopkinson.

Joseph Hopkinson and Thomas Hopkinson.

John Scott and John Whittaker.

William Rhodes, John Scott, and John Whit-taken

Samuel Eongbottom, Joseph Freeman, Booth Illingworth, William Parkinson, Denton Waring, John Warburtob.

Samuel Longbottom, Joseph Freeman, Booth Illingworth, John Ellis and Abraham Jagger, Robert Sutcliffe, Lockwood Stephenson, Jonathan Ackroyd and Thomas Wroe, Jonathan Holdsworth.

John Willis, Edward Hillam,* Joseph Gar. ner, Michael Nelson, William Rhodes, John Scott and John Whittaker, Joseph Hopkinson and Thomas Hopkinson.

SEVENTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Westgath.

164 House, Shop, Yard, Privy, and Ashpit Christopher Sewell - Christopher Sewell.

165 Public House called " Half Moon," Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. Ditto William Wharton.

No. on Plan. Description of Land intended to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

166 Public House called " Westgate Tavern," Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. William Bakes -

167 Public House called " Dusty Miller," Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. Christopher Irving r - 9

168 Dwelling-house, Shop, and Yard. Ditto - - "

169 House - Hall Aspinall - r "

170 House - John Aspinall -

171 Stable and Room over Hall Aspinall and John Aspinall.

172 Brewhouse John Aspinall -

173 Privy and Ashpit Hall Aspinall " -

174 House - James Brown

175 Yard called AspinalTs Yard. Christopher Irving, William Bakes, Christopher Sewell, Hall Aspinall, John Aspinall, Hall Aspinall, and Isaac Brown, Trustees of late John Aspinall, James Brown.

Occupiers.

Richard Hyde, Charles Waller, Thomas Kelly.

William Unwin.

James Sadler.

Hall Aspinall.

John Aspinall.

Hall Aspinall and JQhn Aspinall.

William Unwin.

Hall Aspinall, John Aspinall, Daniel Smith.

Daniel Smith.

James Sadler, William Unwin, Richard Hyde, Thomas Kelly, William Wharton, Christopher Sewell, Hall Aspinall, John Aspinall, and Daniel Smith.

EIGHTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of James Street.

176 Shop, House, Warehouse, and Privy. William Wells - Francis Garvey.

177 Shop, House, Privy, and Yard. Ditto - George Brook.

178 Yard, Wall, and Ashpit. Ditto - - George Brook, Francis Garvey.

179 Warehouses and Work-shops. Elizabeth Smith and Richard Water-house, Trustees of the late Jonas Smith. Joshua Lambert, John Wesley Smith.

180 Slaughter House and Yard. Henry Westwood and Benjamin Pickles. Joseph Lumby.

181 Carthouse, Stable, Manure Pit, and Yard. Ditto Robert Morrell.

182 Privy and Ashpit Ditto - Benjamin Pickles.

J83 Vacant Ground called "Old Quarry Ditto - Unocoupied.

208

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41

No.

on Description of Land Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or Occupiers.

Plan. intended to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

NINTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the intended New Street from James Street

to Darley Street.

184

185

Shops, Dwelling-house, Yards, and Outbuildings.

Private Road -

Trustees of Kirkgate -Wesleyan Chapel, Thomas Haigh, Secretary.

Trustees of Kirkgate -Wesleyan ChapeL

186

187

188

Yard, Slaughter House, and Privies.

Public House, called " Market Tavern," Yard, and Outbuildings.

Street and Part of Market.

Elizabeth Rawson - - Ditto -

Ditto

189

Wool Warehouse, Office, and Butter Market.

Ditto

- Thomas Lund, Edward

Harland, Joseph Lancaster, Tom Harland.

- Trustees of Kirkgate

Wesleyan Chapel, Edward Harland^ Tom Harland, Joseph Lancaster.

- Elizabeth Rawson.

- James Hammond.

- Elizabeth Rawson, Wil-

liam Walmsley, Henry B adman, Edward Top-ham.

- John Light, Joseph

Rhodes, Thomas Midgley, Charles Hill, John Hodgson, Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bradford, Samson Leigh, Henry Badman, Benjamin Ackroyd, Joseph Crabtree, Jtunes Hagley, John GoodalL

TENTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Duke Street.

190

Stable, Coach-house, Yard, Privy, and Manure Pit.

191

Offices, Dwelling-house, Privy, and Garden.

William Aked, Jere- -miah Robertshaw, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Bradford.

Ditto -

- Thomas Robinson.

- John Darlington.

Description of Land Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

intended to be taken. reputed Owners. reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

ELEVENTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Kirkgate and Ivegate.

192 Shop and Workshops Bailey Blackburn - Thomas Hunter.

193 Shops and Warehouse Ditto - - Bailey Blackburn, John Riley.

194 Shop, Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Outbuildings, and Area. J ohnCharles Pearce Hannah Chatterton, Michael Newbould.

195 Shop, Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Area, and Frontage. Ditto Ann Newton, Squire Dracup.

196 Shop, Warehouses, and Frontage. Ditto - John Hudson Waite, Michael Newbould.

197 Yard, Privy, and Ashpit. Ditto Hannah Chatterton, John Hudson Waite, Michael Newbould.

198 Shop, Dwelling-house, Workshop, Warehouse, and Frontage. Ditto Michael Newbould, John Hudson Waite.

199 Workshop and Warehouse. Ditto John Pearson.

TWELFTH PART.

Comprising the Lands required for the Improvement of Carlisle Road.

200 Cottage, Yard, and Outbuildings. James Atkinson Elizabeth Rhodes.

Jowett.

GLOUCESTER.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Gloucester Board of Health.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Gloucester, in the County of the City of Gloucester, acting as the Local Board of Health in and for the City of Gloucester aforesaid, being the District of the said Board in which the Public Health Act, 1848," The Public Health Supplemental Act, 1849," and " The Local Government Act, 1858," are in force, have, in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a Petition to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration and partial repeal of and transfer of powers under certain Local Acts of Parliament in force within the said District, having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say,

An Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 60.), intituled An Act for the more effectual relief and employment of the Poor within the " City of Gloucester, and for lighting the streets of the said City A certain other Act passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 74.), intituled An Act for erecting a new gaol and for removing certain " gateways in the City of Gloucester; and for amending the several Acts passed for the maintenance and support of the Poor of the said City, and lighting, paving, and " regulating the streets there

A certain

210

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41.

A certain other Act passed in the fifty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 69.), intituled An Act for enabling the Governor and Guardians of the t(Poor of the City of Gloucester to light the said City with gas, and to enter into the necessary contracts for that purpose A certain other Act passed in the first and second years of the reign of King George the Fourth (Cap. 22.), intituled An Act for establishing a proper place for holding markets " and fairs for the sale of live stock in the City of Gloucester and the suburbs thereof," and for opening convenient avenues thereto, and for watching and otherwise ira- proving the said Cityand A certain other Act passed in the fourth year of the reign of King William the Fourth (Cap. 44.), intituled An Act to provide for lighting the suburbs of the City of " Gloucester with gas."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and duly made in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, In pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order, under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The parts of the said herein-before recited Local Act passed in the first and second

years of the reign of King George the Fourth (Cap. 23.) specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be repealed.

2. — All the powers, duties, and authorities of the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Local Act 1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 22. shall cease and determine, and all the powers, duties, authorities, advantages, and penalties under the unrepealed portions of the said Act, which in case this Order had not been made and confirmed would have belonged to such Commissioners, shall pass to the Local Board of Health aforesaid.

3. — All the powers of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor within the aforesaid

District, under any of the said herein-before recited Acts, for the erection of gasworks and the supply of gas for public or private consumption shall cease and determine, and the said Acts, so far as they confer such powers, shall be repealed; and the said Local Board shall, within the said District, possess all the powers in relation to lighting, except as aforesaid, conferred by the said Acts on the said Governor and Guardians; but this clause shall not come into operation until the first day of July or the first day of January which shall happen next after the confirmation of this Order; and notwithstanding such repeal the Governor and Guardians may recover any rate or rates then due and unpaid.

4f — -All the powers of the Commissioners acting in execution of the herein-before recited Local Act 4 Will. 4. c. 44., within the said District, shall cease and determine, and the powers for lighting conferred by the 22d section of the said Act, so far as relates to its operation in the said District or part thereof, shall be transferred to the said Local Board; but this clause shall not oome into operation until the first day of July or the first day of January which shall happen next after the confirmation of this Order; and notwithstanding such transfer the Commissioners may recover any rate or rates then due and unpaid.

5. — All property and estate of the aforesaid Governor and Guardians in respect of the

lighting of the said streets, and of the Commissioners respectively under the said several Local Acts, so far as regards the said District, shall, upon their respective powers ceasing as aforesaid, vest in the said Local Board of Health, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board for similar purposes to those for which they are now held.

6. — The Governor and Guardians and Commissioners respectively shall receive and pay all

debts and liabilities to or from or by such authorities, in respect of the said District and every part thereof, up to the time when their powers shall ceass as aforesaid,

28° VICTORIAE, c. 41, 42. 211

and thenceforth all debts and liabilities in respect of the said District shall respectively be paid to or satisfied by the said Local Board of Health; and all payments in respect thereof by the said Local Board of Health may be made out of the General District Rates leviable in the said District under the Local Government Act, 1858, and all payments in respect thereof to the said Local Board of Health shall go in aid of the General District Rates of the Said District. And the future cost and expense of the execution by the said Local Board of Health of the transferred powers and authorities shall be paid out of and form part of the General District Rates of the said District, and be Subject to the provisions relating to General District Rates: And the Provisions relative to rates heretofore levied under the said recited Acts, and every of them, shall, upon the confirmation of this Order, be repealed so far as concerns the said District.

Given under my hand this Sixth day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gbjqt.

SCHEDULE to which this Order refers.

The parts of the Local Act 1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 22. referred to in this Order to be repealed are as follows; that is to say,

All the sections of the said Local Act from section 16 to section 61, both inclusive* except sections 30, 31, 49, 50, 51, 53, 54, 55, and 56.

CAP. XLII.

An Act for facilitating the Annexation of Tithes to District Churches.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Session of the First and Second Years of His Majesty 1 & 2 " King William the Fourth, Chapter Forty-five* Section Twenty-one, it is amongst c. 45. ' other things provided that it shall be lawful for any Rector or Vicar for the Time being

of any Rectory or Vicarage, by a Deed duly executed by him, to annex to any Chapel (3* c Ease or Parochial Chapel to any District Church or Chapel, or any Chapel having a District assigned thereto, whether already built or hereafter to be built (such Chapel of 1 Ease or other Chapel or Church, with the District or Place to which the same belongs,

being situate within the Limits or within the original Limits of the said Rectory or

Vicarage), any Part or Parts of the Tithes or other annual Revenues belonging to Sttch

Rectory or Vicarage: Provided that every such Annexation be made with such Consents

as are therein mentioned: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Powers of annexing

Tithes to District Churches Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

2 w. 4.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The District Church Tithes Act, 1805/' short Title of

Act

2. For the Purposes of this Act u District Church " shall include any Chapel of Ease 01 Definition of Parochial Chapel, or any District Church or Chapel or any Church or Chapel having a Terms. District assigned thereto, whether already built or hereafter to be built, and the Church of

any Parish formed or to be formed under the new Parishes Acts, 1843, 1844, and 1856, or any of such Acts; and " District " shall include any such Parish as last aforesaid, or any ancient or consolidated Chapelry, or any Parish or District formed under any of the Church Building Acts, or any other General or Local Act; and " Tithes " shall include " Commutation

Power to Rectors or Vicars to sell Tithes to District Church.

Assents required to Agreement.

Form of Agreement

Assets how

testified.

Persons and Bodies Corporate empowered to give Lands or Goods for the Purposes of this Act

Agreement to be carried into effect by Order in Council.

Where Tithes belong to Incumbent of District Church Ecclesiastical Commissioners may declare

28° VICTORIAE, c. 42.

tation Rentcharges, and all Moduses, Compositions, prescriptive and other Payments or Redemption Money in lieu of Tithes," or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, and any Land for which such Tithes or other Payments in lieu thereof may have been commuted.

3. The Rector or Vicar for the Time being of any Rectory or Vicarage may agree with the Incumbent of any District Church, either wholly or in part, situate within the Limits or original Limits of the said Rectory or Vicarage, to annex to such District Church the Tithes or Part of the Tithes belonging to such Rectory or Vicarage, and arising in respect of Property situate within the District belonging to such District Church, in consideration of a sufficient Compensation being made to the said Rector or Vicar and his Successors for the Loss of the said Tithes out of the Endowments of the said District Church, or by some other Means.

4. No Agreement shall be valid on the Part of a Rector or Vicar under this Act unless it be assented to, firstly, by the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese within which his Rectory or Vicarage is situate, or if it be situate within a peculiar Jurisdiction belonging to an Archbishop or Bishop by such last-mentioned Archbishop or Bishop, and, secondly, by the Patron of the Rectory or Vicarage; and no Agreement shall be valid on the Part of the Incumbent of a District Church except with the Consent of the Patron of such Church, and with the Approval of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England where the Compensation to be made to the Rector or Vicar is payable out of Funds in the Hands of the said Commissioners, and of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of Poor Clergy where the Compensation to be made is payable out of Funds in the Hands or subject to the Control of the said Governors.

5. Any ALgreement under this Act between a Rector and Vicar on the one Part and an Incumbent of a District Church on the other shall be in Writing under their respective Hands.

6. Any Assents required by this Act may be testified by the assenting Party executing the Agreement between the Rector or Vicar and the Incumbent of the District Church, and the Provisions of the above-mentioned Act, and of the Act of the Session of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-four, as to Patrons of Benefices shall apply to the Assent of Patrons under this Act.

7. The Provisions of the Twenty-second Section of the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Thirty-seven, enabling Persons and Bodies Corporate to give Lands or Goods for the Purposes of that Act, shall extend to authorize them to give in manner therein mentioned Lands or Goods for the Purposes of purchasing any Tithes, or to give any Tithes with a view to the Annexation of such Tithes to a District Church.

8. Any Agreement made in pursuance of this Act shall be carried into effect by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and any Order made by Her Majesty in Council ratifying such Agreement, and transferring on the one Side the Tithes proposed to be transferred to the Incumbent of the District Church, and on the other securing to the Rector or Vicar the Compensation agreed upon, shall be valid to vest in the said Incumbent and his Successors such Tithes, and to secure to the said Rector or Vicar such Compensation; and when the Approval of the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne is required such Approval may be certified by any Instrument under their Corporate Seal, and when the Approval of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners is required it shall be implied by such Oraer in Council as aforesaid being passed.

9. Where Tithes of any Kind or Amount belong to or shall to the Satisfaction of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners be transferred to the Incumbent of the Church of any Parish, Chapelry, or District, provided such Tithes arise within such Parish, Chapelry, or District, or where any Annuity shall be granted by the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to any Incumbent in consideration of Tithes arising within the Limits of his District, and now or

at

28° VICTORIAE, c. 42, 43. 213

at any Time in the Possession of the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, it shall be lawful for Church to be the said Ecclesiastical Commissioners, by Instrument under their Common Seal, to declare that such Church shall be and be deemed to be either a Rectory or Vicarage as they may under the Circumstances of each Case think proper, and such Instrument shall be published in the London Gazette, and take effect from the Time of Publication.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to provide for the Security of Property of Married Women separated from their Husbands in Ireland.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS certain Provisions have been made for the Protection of the Property of Married Women separated from their Husbands in England, and it is expedient to

extend the same to Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. A Wife deserted by her Husband in Ireland may at any Time after such Desertion, Protection of if resident within the Police District of Dublin, apply to a Police Magistrate, or if resident Property ac-in the Country to Justices in Petty Sessions, or in either Case to a Judge of the Court of Common Pleas sitting in Chambers, for an Order to protect any Money or Property she by her Hus-may acquire by her own lawful Industry, and Property which she may become possessed of tand* after such Desertion, against her Husband or his Creditors, or any Person claiming under him; and such Magistrate or Justices or Judge, if satisfied of the Fact of such Desertion, and that the same was without reasonable Cause, and that the Wife is maintaining herself by her own Industry or Property, may make and give to the Wife an Order protecting her Earnings and Property acquired since the Commencement of such Desertion from her Husband, and all Creditors and Persons claiming under him, and such Earnings and Property shall belong to the Wife as if she were a Feme Sole: Provided always, that a Copy of every such Order, if made by a Police Magistrate or Justices at Petty Sessions, shall, within Ten Days from the making thereof, be lodged with the Clerk Of the Peace of the County within which the Wife is resident; and that it shall be lawful for the Husband, and any Creditor or other Person claiming under him, to apply to the same Judge, or any other Judge of the Court, or to the Magistrate or Justices by whom such Order was made, or for the Time being acting instead of or as Successors to the same, for the Discharge thereof: Provided also, that if the Husband, or any Creditor or other Person claiming under the Husband, shall seize or continue to hold any Property of the Wife after Notice of any such Order, he shall be liable, at the Suit of the Wife (which she is hereby empowered to bring), to restore the specific Property, and also for a Sum equal to double the Value of the Property so seized or held after such Notice as aforesaid: If any such Order of Protection be made, the Wife shall, during the Continuance thereof, be and be deemed to have been during such Desertion of her in the like Position in all respects with regard to Property, and Courtesy, and suing and being sued, as she would be under this Act if she obtained a Decree of Divorce a Mensa et Thoro.

2. In every Case of a Divorce a Mensa et Thoro the Wife shall, from the Date of the Protection of Sentence, and whilst the Separation shall continue, be considered as a Feme Sole with W^fe*8J^ respect to Property of any Description which she may acquire or which may come to or in^orce devolve on her, and such Property may be disposed of by her in all respects as a Feme MensA et Sole, and on her Decease the same shall, in case she shall die intestate, go as the same T*1010. would have gone if her Husband had been then dead: Provided that if any such Wife should again cohabit with her Husband, all such Property as she may be entitled to when 28 Vict E e such

214

After Divorce i Mensa et Thoro, Wife to be deemed Feme Sole as to Property.

Mode of enforcing Decree for Alimony.

To apply to Ireland only.

Confirmation of Order.

[Short Title.]

Incorporation of Commissioners.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 43, 44.

such Cohabitation shall take place shall be held to her separate Use, subject, however, to any Agreement in Writing made between herself and her Husband whilst separate.

3. In every Case of Divorce d Mensd et Thoro the Wife shall, whilst so separated, be considered as a Feme Sole for the Purposes of Contract, and Wrongs and Injuries, and suing and being sued in any Civil Proceeding, and her Husband shall not be liable in respect of any Engagement or Contract she may have entered into, or for any wrongful Act or Omission by her, or for any Costs she may incur as Plaintiff or Defendant: Provided that where upon any such Divorce Alimony has been decreed or ordered to be paid to the Wife, and the same shall not be duly paid by the Husband, he shall be liable for Necessaries supplied for her Use: Provided that nothing shall prevent the Wife from joining at any Time during such Separation in the Exercise of any joint Power given to herself and her Husband.

4. Every Decree or Order for Alimony and Costs made or pronounced after the passing of this Act by any Court in Ireland having Authority for that Purpose may be enforced in the same Manner as if the said Decree or Order was a Judgment or Order of One of the Superior Courts of Law in Ireland.

5. This Act shall be held to apply to Ireland only.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act for confirming a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, relating to the Pilotage of the River Tyne.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, does not take effect unless and until it is

confirmed by Act of Parliament: And whereas the Board of Trade have made a Provisional Order for constituting Pilotage Commissioners for the River Tyne, and for regulating their Jurisdiction: And whereas such Order has been amended by Parliament, and is, as so amended, set out in the Schedule hereto: And whereas it is expedient that the said Order, so set out in the Schedule hereto, should be confirmed by Act of

Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Order set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and is hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions thereof, in manner and form as they are set out in the said Schedule, shall from and after the passing of this Act take effect and have full Validity and Force.

2. This Act may be cited as The (Tyne) Pilotage Order Confirmation Act, 1865.

SCHEDULE.

Amended Order referred to and confirmed by the foregoing Act.

1. There shall be a body of Commissioners for carrying this Order into execution, the fill! number of whom shall be seventeen, which Commissioners and their successors shall be and are hereby for the purposes of this Order incorporated by the name of The Tyne Pilotage Commissioners, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of land and other property for the purposes, but subject to the restrictions, of this Order. The term "the Commissioners " herein-after used means the Tyne Pilotage Commissioners.

2. The

28° VICTORIAE, c. 44. 215

2. The appointment and election of the several Commissioners shall be regulated as Appointment

. and election of

toJlows. — Commissioners.

(1.) The Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be after the commencement of this

Order, appoint two persons to be Commissioners; and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of any one of those two Commissioners, shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(2.) The Tyne Improvement Commissioners shall, as soon as may be after the commencement of this Order, appoint two persons to be Commissioners; and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of any of those Commissioners, shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(3.) The Sea Pilots of the Tyne and the Pilots licensed for any part of the River Tyne or the entrance thereof (hereafter in this Act called Tyne Pilots) shall from time to time elect two persons to be Commissioners:

(4.) The registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall from time to time elect two persons to be Commissioners:

(5.) The registered Shipowners of North Shields shall from time to time elect two persons to be Commissioners:

(6.) The registered Shipowners of South Shields shall from time to time elect two persons to be Commissioners:

(7.) The Master Pilots and Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall, as soon as may be after the commencement of this Order, appoint five persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of any of those five Commissioners, shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties.

3. Each appointment of a Commissioner (other than Commissioners elected by Pilots and by Shipowners) shall be determinable at any time by the authority which appointed that Commissioner, and (subject thereto and to the other provisions of this Order, and of any Act incorporated therewith) each such appointment shall be operative for five years and no longer, but at the end of the term of five years an outgoing Commissioner shall be capable of re-appointment.

4. With respect to the election of Commissioners by Tyne Pilots the following pro- Election of

visions shall take effect: — ^ione"

(1.) The first meeting of Tyne Pilots for the election of Commissioners shall be held piiou. at the Town Hall of the Borough of South Shields within one calendar month after the commencement of this Order, at a time to be advertised by Mr. Thomas Carr Lietch, solicitor, ten days at least, or in his default by a person appointed for the purpose by the Board of Trade five days at least, before the day of meeting, by hand-bills posted in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and in North and South Shields:

(2.) Annual meetings of Tyne Pilots for the election of Commissioners shall be held at the Town Hall of the Borough of South Shields aforesaid, or at such other place within the said Borough as the Commissioners from time to time appoint, on such day within ten days next before the first day of October in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six and in each subsequent year as the Commissioners annually appoint, the place and time of meeting being advertised by the Clerk of the Commissioners five days at least before the day of meeting by hand-bills posted in Newcastle-upon-Tyne and in North and South Shields:

(3.) Such only of the said pilots as are licensed at the commencement of this Order shall be entitled to attend the said first meeting, and to take part and vote in the election of Commissioners thereat:

(4.) Such only of the said pilots as are licensed on or before the 31st day of December next preceding each annual meeting shall be entitled to attend the said annual meetings, and to take part and vote in the election of Commissioners thereat respectively:

(5.) At the first meeting one of the two persons appointed to be Commissioners by the Board of Trade shall attend and act as chairman of the meeting:

E e 2 (6.) At

Tenure of office of appointed Commissioners.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 44.

(6.) At each annual meeting the Chairman of the Commissioners, or in his unavoidable absence one of the two persons appointed to be Commissioners by the Board of Trade, shall attend and act as chairman of the meeting:

(7.) The election of Commissioners at the first and each annual meeting shall be made by the majority of licensed pilots present at the meeting:

(8.) The Commissioners elected at the first or at any annual meeting shall go out of office at the next meeting, but shall be re-eligible:

(9.) Section nineteen of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply in the case of Commissioners elected under the present clause.

Election of 5. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the registered Shipowners of New-^Ne^tle" castle-upon-Tyne, the following provisions shall take effect: —

upon-Tyne (1.) The first meeting of the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the

Shipowners. election of Commissioners shall be held at the Town Hall of the borough of New-

castle-upon-Tyne within one calendar month after the commencement of this Order, at a time to be advertised by the said Thomas Carr Lietch, solicitor, ten days at least, or in his default by a person appointed for the purpose by the Board of Trade five days at least, before the day of meeting, by hajid-bills posted in the borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne:

(2.) Annual meetings of the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the election of Commissioners shall be held at the Town Hall aforesaid, or at such other place within the borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne as the Commissioners from time to time appoint, on such day within ten days next before the first day of October in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six and in each subsequent year as the Commissioners annually appoint, the place and time of meeting being advertised by the Clerk of the Commissioners five days at least before the day of meeting by hand-bills posted in the borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne:

(3.) Such only of the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne as are registered at the commencement of this Order shall be entitled to attend the said first meeting, and to take part and vote in the election of Commissioners thereat:

(4.) Such only of the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne as are registered on or before the 31st day of December next preceding each annual meeting shall be entitled to attend the said annual meetings, and to take part and vote in the election of Commissioners thereat respectively:

(5.) At the first and every such annual meeting a list of the names of the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, up to and inclusive of the then last 31st day of December, certified under the hand of the Collector or other principal Officer of Customs of the port, shall be sufficient evidence of the persons named therein being registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and as such entitled to attend the meeting and take part and vote in the election thereat. The said Collector or principal Officer shall supply a copy of such list on the occasion of the first meeting to the said Thomas Carr Lietch, and of each such annual meeting to the Clerk of the Commissioners, who shall respectively cause a sufficient number of copies thereof to be printed, and shall supply a copy thereof to every person requiring the same on payment of the sum of 6d. for every 100 words of such copy, and copies of such list shall be fixed by the said Thomas Carr Lietch and the said Clerk of the Commissioners respectively on the outer doors of the Town Hall of the borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne two days at least before the day appointed for the first and each such annual meeting:

(6.) At the first and each such annual election each registered Shipowner of Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall be entitled to one vote and no more for each Commissioner then to be elected:

(7.) The election of Commissioners at the first and each such annual meeting shall be made by the majority of registered Shipowners of Newcastle present at the meeting:

(8.) Every person elected as a Commissioner by the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall be required to have the following qualification; namely,

to

217

28° VICTORIAE, c. 44.

to possess, in his own right, shipping registered in his own name at the Custom House of the port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne on the 31st day of December next before the day of election of not less than 200 tons register burthen:

(9.) Such one of the Commissioners elected by the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the first meeting as is named last on the list of persons elected shall go out of office at the second meeting, but shall be re-eligible; such one of them as is named second on the list shall go out of office at the third meeting, but shall be re-eligible:

(10.) Each Commissioner elected by the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the annual meeting shall go out of office at the second meeting after his election, but shall be re-eligible:

(11.) Section nineteen of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply in the case of Commissioners elected under the present clause.

6. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the registered Shipowners of Election of North Shields, the provisions of the last foregoing clause shall apply in that case as if ^"^ouers those provisions were here repeated, with the substitution only of the registered Ship- shields Shipowners of North Shields for the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the owners, substitution of the Borough of Tynemouth for the Borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

7. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the registered Shipowners of South Election of Shields, the provisions of the last-mentioned clause shall apply in that case as if those pro- ^0I^10nerB visions were here repeated, with the substitution only of the registered Shipowners of Shield* Ship-South Shields for the registered Shipowners of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and the substitution owners.

of the borough of South Shields for the borough of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

8. The costs, charges, and expenses of and preliminary and incidental to the several Costs of first and annual elections aforesaid shall be paid by the Commissioners out of money Elections* coming to their hands under this Order.

9. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, as for as the same is not inconsistent with Incorporation

the provisions of this Order, shall be incorporated with this Order (this Order being deemed ftTi^ict. "the Special Act, "- and the execution of the powers of this Order being deemed "the c. 16> 10

undertaking "), and shall, as far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit,

apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally, subject to the following provisions:

(1.) No person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner (other than a person appointed to be a Commissioner by the Board of Trade or elected by Pilots or by Shipowners) unless he is seised or possessed of property to the value or amount of 500Z .:

(2.) Sections twenty-three to thirty-five, both inclusive, of the last-mentioned Act shall not be incorporated with this Order:

(3.) With reference to section thirty-six of the same Act, the first meeting of the Commissioners shall be held within seven days after the completion of the several first elections under this Order:

(4.) With reference to section thirty-nine of the same Act, the prescribed number (constituting a quorum) of the Commissioners shall be seven:

(5.) With reference to section forty of the same Act, the annual meeting of the Commissioners shall be held on or within one week after the 1st day of October in each year:

(6.) Section fifty-four of the same Act shall not be incorporated with this Order:

(7.) With reference to section ninety of the same Act, it shall not be obligatory on the Commissioners to cause such statement and account as therein mentioned to be printed:

(8.) With reference to section ninety-two of the same Act, the Commissioners shall from time to time appoint a permanent auditor of the accounts of the Commissioners:

(9.) With reference to the provisions of the same Act with respect to the making of byelaws, licensed pilots under this Order shall be deemed officers of the Commissioners; all byelaws shall be printed, and copies shall be always obtainable by purchase; any byelaws shall not have effect unless and until they are approved by the Board of Trade.

10. The

Definition of Tyne Pilotage district

Transfer of jurisdiction to Commissioners.

Continuance of existing licences.

Examination and licensing

of Pilots.

Licence and renewal fees.

Pilotage dues.

Pilotage not compulsory.

Transfer of pilotage money to Commissioners.

Expenses of Order.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 44.

10. The pilotage district of the Tyne shall, for the purposes of this Order, be deemed to include the whole of the river Tyne, and to extend seaward over a radius of seven miles.

11. The jurisdiction in pilotage matters within the district aforesaid now vested in the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall be and is hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners incorporated by this Order.

12. All Pilots licensed for the Tyne or its entrance by the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the commencement of this Order shall be entitled to continue to act as such Pilots under the Commissioners incorporated by this Order for one year after the commencement of this Order, without further licence or payment in respect of that year, but in all other respects shall become and be subject to the authority of the Commissioners and the provisions of this Order, as if they had been severally licensed originally under this Order.

13. The Commissioners shall examine every person who applies to them for a Pilot licence, for the purpose of ascertaining his skill, knowledge, and experience in relation to the navigating, piloting, and conducting of vessels into, out of the, and within the said district, or any part or parts thereof, and may, if they think fit, license and authorize by writing any person examined and found qualified to act in the capacity of Pilot for navigating, piloting, and conducting vessels as aforesaid, provided he has served five years in the pilot service.

14. Every Pilot to be licensed under this Order shall, on receiving his licence from the Commissioners, pay to them, or to their Clerk for the time being for their use, the sum of forty shillings for such his licence; and every Pilot licensed for the district aforesaid, or any part thereof, by the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the commencement of this Order, or to be licensed under this Order, shall annually pay to the Commissioners, or to their Clerk for the time being for their use, the sum of ten shillings for the renewal of his licence; provided that the Commissioners may from time to time increase or diminish the said licence and renewal fees, or either of them, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade.

15. The following Pilotage rates shall be paid, namely, —

From and including the 1st day of April to the 1st day of October in each year, one shilling and threepence for every foot of water which any ship or vessel shall draw, and from and including the 1st day of October to the 1st day of April in each year, one shilling and sixpence for every such foot of water;

And such pilotage dues shall be paid to the Commissioners or to the Pilot performing such Pilotage duty within five days after the performance thereof; provided that the Commissioners may from time to time increase or diminish the said Pilotage dues, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade.

16. Nothing in this Order shall extend to oblige the Owner or Master of any vessel to employ or make use of any Pilot in piloting or conducting such vessel into or out of the said district or within any part thereof, if he is not desirous so to do, or to pay any Pilotage dues when not employing or making use of a Pilot.

17. All money standing in the books of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the credit of or lawfully applicable to the Tyne Pilotage District hereby transferred to the Commissioners, and also all money held by the said Trinity House for or on behalf of the Sea Pilots or the River Pilots of the said District, at the commencement of this Order, shall be paid to the Commissioners incorporated by this Order.

18. The costs, charges, and expenses of the promoters of this Order, and of the Master Pilots and Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in relation to this Order, and of the proceedings consequent thereon in Parliament, including the costs, charges, and expenses incident to the application for and obtaining the Order of the Board of Trade, and the proceedings relating thereto in the last Session of Parliament, shall be paid by the Commissioners out of the first monies coming to their hands under the provisions of this Order.

19. All

28° VICTORIAE, c. 44, 45. 219

19. All compensation money payable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury Compensation under the provisions of section 12 of the 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47, to the said Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne for differential dues for pilotage payable in respect of the said dues for the district, shall, after the commencement of this Order, be paid to and received by the District to be

0 q v\si/1

Commissioners.

paid to the Commissioners.

20. If the services of any persons at the commencement of this Order permanently Compensation employed by the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne on duties connected with the Jo Officer* no pilotage within the Tyne Pilotage district are not continued by the Commissioners, the jdoyed by Corn-Commissioners shall grant compensation to such persons out of the monies to come into miisioner*. their hands by virtue of this Order, such compensation not to be granted except under such circumstances and to such an amount as might be granted under the Act or Acts for the time being in force with respect to compensation for abolition of office in the public Civil Service.

21. The first meeting of the Commissioners shall be held at such place as the Board of First meeting Trade shall appoint, and all subsequent meetings at such time and place as the Commissioners shall from time to time appoint.

22. Nothing in this Order shall exempt the Commissioners or the Pilotage district aforesaid from the provisions of any general Act of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be passed, relating to Pilotage or Pilotage dues, or to merchant shipping, or to ports, harbours, or docks, or to dues on shipping, or on goods carried therein, or from any fixture revision and alteration, under the authority of Parliament, of the Pilotage dues authorized by this Order, or of the limits of the district defined by this Order.

Saving for effect of general Acta

CAP. XLV.

An Act to provide for the Collection by means of Stamps of Fees payable in the Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Offices belonging thereto.

[19th June 18(55. J

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and From and sixty-five, or from and after such earlier Time as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's ^£^3^ Treasury, with the Concurrence of the Lord Chief Justices of the Courts of Queen's Bench payable in and Common Pleas and of the Lord Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, by Notice Superior published in the London Gazette, appoint, the following Fees shall be collected by Stamps;

namely, — all Fees for the Time being payable in the several Courts and Offices, or to the stamp*. several Officers, or in respect of the several Matters, specified in the First Schedule to this Act, whether under the several Enactments therein specified, or otherwise, and all Fees whatever for the Time being payable under any of those Enactments.

2. All or any Stamps to be used under this Act shall be impressed or adhesive, as the Stamp* to be

Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time direct. °T

3. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Concurrence of the Lord General Rule *

Chief Justices and Lord Chief Baron, may from Time to Time make such Rules as seem by

fit for regulating the Use of Stamps under this Act, and particularly for prescribing the Application thereof to Documents from Time to Time in use or required to be used for the Purposes of such Stamps, and for insuring the proper Cancellation of adhesive Stamps and

keeping Accounts of such Stamps.

4. Any Document which ought to bear a Stamp under this Act shall not be of any Document* Validity unless and until it is properly stamped; but if any such Document is through

Mistake invalid.

Nothing to interfere with Powers of Treasury, &c. for Alteration of Fees, &c.

Payment of Salaries, &c. out of Money received for Stamps.

Accounts to be laid before Parliament

Repeal of Enactments in Second Schedule.

[Short Title.]

28° VICTORIAE, c. 45.

Mistake or Inadvertence received, filed, or used without being properly stamped, a Judge of One of the said Courts may, if he thinks fit, order that the same be stamped as in such Order may be directed, and on such Document being stamped accordingly the same and every Proceeding relative thereto shall be as valid as if such Document had been properly stamped in the first instance.

5. Nothing in this Act shall interfere with the Exercise by any of the Judges of the said Courts, or by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or by any other Authority, of any Power of altering or otherwise regulating the Amount of any Fees comprised m this Act, or of any Salaries or other Charges for the Time being by Law payable thereout or charged thereon, or of directing that any Fees comprised in this Act shall cease to be applicable to any Charges or Payments charged thereon or payable thereout, and shall be from Time to Time paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, and be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

6. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall keep a separate Account of all Money received in respect of Stamps under this Act; and, subject to the Deduction out of the Money so received of any Expenses incurred by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue in the Execution of this Act, and to the Payment or Discharge thereout, in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time direct, of Salaries or other Charges for the Time being by Law charged on or payable out of any Fees comprised in this Act, the Money so received shall, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, be carried to and shall form Part of the said Consolidated Fund.

7. The Account so kept by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue for every Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March, together with an Account for every such Year, prepared under the Direction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, showing the Salaries and other Charges now or formerly charged on or payable out of any Fees comprised in this Act, and for the Time being in pursuance of any Act paid out of the said Consolidated Fund, or out of Money provided by Parliament, and also showing all other Charges in respect of the said Courts and their several Offices for the Time being paid out of the said Consolidated Fund or out of Money provided by Parliament, by way of Salary, Compensation, or otherwise, shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Termination of such Year of Account, if Parliament is then sitting, or if not, then within One Month after the next Meeting of Parliament; and the Second of such yearly Accounts and every subsequent Account shall show the Items for Two consecutive Years, and the Increase or Decrease of any of those Items in the Second of those Years as compared with the First.

8. From and after the Time appointed for the Commencement of the Collection of Fees by means of Stamps under this Act, the Acts described in the Second Schedule to this Act shall be repealed to the Extent in that Schedule specified. 9

9. This Act may be cited as The Common Law Courts (Fees) Act, 1865.

The FIRST

15 & 16 Vict. c. 73. s. 10. 1

(7 Will. 4. & 1 Vict. c. 30. }

18 & 19 Vict. c. 126. s. 20.) J

6 & 7 Vict. c. 20. 8. 15. 1

(23 & 24 Vict. c. 54.) J

17 & 18 Vict. c. 36. 88. 3, 4, 5.

3 & 4 Will. 4. c. 74. s. 89. 1

5 & 6 Will. 4. c. 82. s. 6.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 75.

(17 & 18 Vict. c. 75. y

20 & 21 Vict. c. 57. — as to England.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 67. s. 36.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 96.) J

SCHEDULE.

The Superior Courts, and their several Offices, Judges Chambers, and Clerks of Assize acting as Associates on Circuits.

Crown Office, Queen's Bench.

Registration of Bills of Sale, Queen's Bench.

Registration of Certificates, fcc. of Acknowledgments of Deeds of Married Women, &c., Common Pleas.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 45, 46

221

1 & 2 Vict. c. 110. b. 19.

2 & 3 Vict. c. 11. 88. 2, 4, 7, 8, 9.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 75.

18 & 19 Vict. c. 15__as to Common Pleas.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 115. s. 2.

(3 & 4 Vict. c. 82.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 35. s. 17. }

16 & 17 Vict. c. 107.88.195-7. — as to England.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 35. s. 22.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 38. s. 4.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 134. s. 213.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 89. s. 114.)

27 & 28 Vict c. 112.8.3.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 86. s. 4.

(22 & 23 Vict. c. 21. ss. 1-4.)

Registration of Judgments, Crown Debts, &c., Common Pleas.

Queen's Remembrancer's Office.

The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Session and Chapter. Title. Extent of Repeal.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 86. - An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, and for regulating the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer in that Court. Section Five.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 20. - An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Crown Side of the Court of Queen's Bench, and for regulating the Crown Office. Section Twelve.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 76. An Act to regulate the Receipt and Amount of Fees receivable by certain Officers in the Court of Common Pleas. Section One.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 73. An Act to make Provision for a permanent Establishment of Officers to perform the Duties at Nisi Prius in the Superior Courts of Common Law, and for the Payment of such Officers and of the Judges Clerks by Salaries, and to abolish certain Offices in those Courts. Sections Fourteen and Twenty-nine.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to suspend the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to suspend for a further Period the Ballots for the Militia (of the United Kingdom: Be it therefore enacted by the Queens most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L All General and Subdivision Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom, and all Proceedings relating to procuring any Returns or preparing or making out Lists of such Militia, or any Part thereof, for the Purpose of a Ballot, or relating to balloting for any Militiamen or supplying any Vacancies in such Militia by Ballot, as are or may be directed or authorized by or under any Act of Parliament now in force, shall cease and remain suspended until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

28 Vict. F f 2. Provided

Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom and Ballots for such Militia suspended.

222

Proceedings may be had during such Suspension by Order in Council.

So long as Lists are suspended, not necessary to transmit Extracts, &c. as required by Sect. 3. of 7 G. 4. c. 58.

Not to extend to prevent the holding of certain Meetings relating to the Militia.

Secretary of State for War to issue the

28° VICTORIAE, c. 46, 47.

2. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for Her Majesty by any Order in Council to direct that any Proceedings shall be had at any Time before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid, either for the giving of Notices and making Returns and preparing Lists, and also for the proceeding to ballot and enrol Men for the filling up Vacancies in the Militia, as Her Majesty shall deem expedient; and upon the issuing of any such Order all such Proceedings shall be had for carrying into execution all the Provisions of the Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the giving Notices for and Returns for Lists, and for the balloting and enrolling of Men to supply any Vacancies in the Militia, and holding General and Subdivision Meetings for such Purpose at such Times respectively as shall be expressed in any such Order in Council, or by any Directions given in pursuance thereof to Lord Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants acting for Lord Lieutenants, of the several Counties, Shires, Cities, and Places in the United Kingdom; and all the Provisions of the several Acts in force in the United Kingdom relating to the Militia shall, upon any such Order, and Direction given in pursuance thereof, become and be in full Force and be carried into execution at the Periods specified in such Order or Direction as aforesaid, with all such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, as fully as if such Periods had been fixed in the Acts relating to such Militia.

3. So long as the making of Lists and the Ballots for the Militia of Great Britain are suspended it shall not be necessary for the Clerks of General Meetings of the several Counties therein to transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings, or to Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, the Extracts and Abstracts mentioned and referred to in Section Three of Seventh George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-eight.

4. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the holding before the Expiration of such Period as aforesaid of such General or other Meetings relating to the Militia of the United Kingdom as may be called in Great Britain under the Authority of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, or in Ireland under the Authority of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or of any Meeting which may be called for the Purpose of altering, enlarging, or providing any Place for the Reception of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, or other Stores belonging to the Militia.

CAP. XLVII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provision should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expenses of the Regular Militia, in-s eluding the Miners of Cornwall and Devon, when disembodied, in Great Britain and Ireland,

and for making in certain Cases Allowances of Retired Pay to Subaltern Officers and Surgeons Mates and Assistant Surgeons of the Regular Militia, and of the Miners of Devon and Cornwall, also to Adjutants, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of the

Regular Militia, who have been allowed to retire, and to Adjutants disabled after long f Service:* Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall cause to be issued and paid the whole Sum required for the Regular Militia of Great Britain and Ireland (when disembodied)

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

bodied) in the Manner and for the several Uses herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) for the Pay of the Permanent Staff of the said Regular Militia at the daily Rates following; (that is to say,)

For each Adjutant -

, Quartermaster, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of not less than 360 Private Men -

and of less than 360 Private Men -, Serjeant Major, where One is appointed in Corps consisting of Two or more Companies -, Quartermaster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds four Companies) -

and for the Serjeant performing the Duty of both Quartermaster Serjeant and Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps consisting of Four Companies or less) -, Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or Gunnery -, Paymaster Serjeant (in Corps whose Establishment exceeds Four Companies) -

, Serjeant, Orderly Room Clerk, Drum Major, or Bugle Major, Drummer, Trumpeter, Bugler, or Fifer above Sixteen Years of Age

and if under Sixteen Years of Age -

Provided always, that when any Non-commissioned Officer or Man on the Permanent Staff shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, he shall during such Absence receive Sixpence per Diem less than the above-mentioned Rates respectively:

And also at Rates varying from Two Shillings to Sixpence per Annum for each Private Man for defraying the contingent Expenses of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, when enrolled:

And the Secretary of State for War for the Time being shall give the necessary Instructions for the Provision of Clothing for each Non-commissioned Officer or Man on the Permanent Staff of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland who shall be resident at Head Quarters, and the Baid Permanent Staff shall be entitled to be clothed once in Two Years.

Infhntry. Artillery.

£ 8. d. £ 8. d.

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 5 0 0 3 0

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 3 0 0 3 6

0 2 6 0 2 10

0 2 6 0 2 10

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 10 0 2 6

0 1 1 0 1 3

0 0 10 0 0 10

2. Except when employed as herein-after provided, every Member of the Permanent Staff of the Regular Militia, when disembodied, shall reside in such Places as shall be sanctioned by the Secretary of State for War, and every such Member shall forfeit his Pay for any Period during which he shall be absent, except when employed as hereinafter provided, or when absent by Leave from the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, which Leave shall not, except in case of certified Sickness, extend beyond Three Calendar Months in One Year, nor to a greater Proportion than One Third of the Non-commissioned Officers and Men at the same Time.

3. Every Member of the Permanent Staff, when not called out for Training or Exercise, shall be liable to be employed within the County to which the Regiment, Battalion, or Company of the said Militia Staff belongs, under the Officers appointed to pay and superintend the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, in such Manner as One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may determine: Provided always, that the Senior Officer shall have the Command of the Force so employed.

4. The Quartermaster of each Regiment of Militia in which a Quartermaster is appointed and receives daily Pay under the Provisions of the First Section of this Act, and when no Quartermaster is appointed/then the Adjutant of each Regiment of Militia, shall have the Charge and Care of the Arms, Accoutrements, Great Coats, Clothing, Necessaries, and other Stores thereof, under the Superintendence of the Colonel or Commandant; and the Adjutant shall, out of the Allowance directed by this Act to be issued and paid for defraying the contingent Expenses of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, from Time to Time issue and pay such Sums of Money as may be necessary for the Repair of Arms, and other usual contingent Expenses, upon an Order in Writing signed by the-Colonel

F f 2 or

223

Money required for Pay, &c. of Regular Militia, as herein stated.

Members of the Permanent Staff to reside where the Secretary of State for War shall appoint.

And may be employed in their Counties.

Quartermaster, &c. to have Charge of the Arms and Clothing.

Adjutant to issue the Money for contingent Expenses on an Order signed by the Colonel.

Balance to form a Stock Purge.

Power to Secretary of State for War to order Arms, &c. to be deposited in War Office Stores, while disembodied.

In Absence of the Adjutant, the Serjeants to be under the Command of the Quartermaster, and in his Absence, of the Serjeant Major.

Persons receiving Pay as Members of Permanent Staff of Militia to be subject to Mutiny Act.

Militia when called out for Training or Exercise entitled to Pay, &c. as herein stated.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

or other Commandant; and after Payment of such Sums as aforesaid he shall Three Times in the Year make up Accounts of all such Money, and of the Expenditure thereof, showing the Balance remaining in his Hands (which said Balance shall form a Stock Purse for the Use of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps), and shall transmit the same to the Colonel or other Commandant of such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps, to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the said Accounts, so allowed and signed, shall be the proper Vouchers and Acquittal of such Adjutant for the Application and Disposal of such Money: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Secretary of State for War to order and direct that the Arms, Accoutrements, and other Stores, or any Part thereof, belonging to any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of the United Kingdom shall at any Time, while such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps shall not be embodied or in actual Service, be conveyed to and deposited and kept in any of Her Majesty's War Office Stores.

5. In the occasional and unavoidable Absence of the Adjutant from the City, Town, or Place where the Permanent Staff is quartered, or during any Vacancy in the Appointment of Adjutant, the Permanent Staff shall be under the Command of the Quartermaster in Cases in which One is appointed, and when no Quartermaster is appointed or is present, then under the Command of the Serjeant Major, or of some Serjeant who shall be appointed by the said Adjutant, with the Approbation of the Colonel or other Commanding Officer, to act as Serjeant Major during the Absence of such Adjutant and Quartermaster; and the said Quartermaster and Serjeant Major or acting Serjeant Major shall render the same Returns and perform such other Acts as are by Law required from the Adjutant.

6. All Persons receiving Pay as Members of the Permanent Staff of any Militia Regiment shall be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act and Articles of War for the Time being in force, and shall be entitled to be billeted in like Manner as Officers and Soldiers of Her Majesty's Army, and the Innkeepers and others who are liable to have Officers and Soldiers billeted on them shall provide the Members of the Permanent Staff with convenient Lodging, Fire, and Candle, and in default thereof be liable to the Penalties imposed upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets, as prescribed by the Mutiny Act for the Time being in force.

7. The Officers and Volunteer Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Regular Militia shall, for the Period or Periods during which they shall be called out for the Purpose of Exercise or Training, be entitled to the following daily Rates of Pay and Allowances:

Colonel -

Lieutenant-Colonel -

Major -

Captain (including non-effective Allowance) -

Lieutenant -

Ensign -

Adjutant, if acting also as Paymaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards -, if acting also as Paymaster, in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies -

, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of Four Companies and upwards, if acting also as Paymaster and Quartermaster in Corps consisting of less than Four Companies

Quartermaster (if not holding a Subaltern's Commission, nor on the Permanent Staff) -

, (if holding a Subaltern's Commission, and if not on the

Permanent Staff) -

, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of not less than 360 Private Men) -

, (if on the Permanent Staff in Corps of less than 360

Private Men) -

Infantry. Artillery.

£ 8. d. £ s. d, .

1 2 6 1 2 6

0 15 11 0 15 11

0 14 1 0 14 1

0 10 6 0 10 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 5 3 0 5 3

0 3 9 0 3 9

0 2 6 0 2 6

0 7 0 0 7 0

0 4 6 0 4 6

0 6 6 0 6 6

0 3 6 0 3 6

0 1 6 0 1 6

0 3 0 0 3 0

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

225

Surgeon -

Assistant Surgeon -

Serjeant Instructor of Musketry or Gunnery, in addition to the daily Rate of Pay granted by Sect. 1.

Serjeant (not on the Permanent Staff) -

Corporal -

Private -

Command Allowance to the Officer actually in Command during Training and Exercise, if the Pay of Colonel is not drawn -Beer Money to each Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, and Man (including the Permanent Staff, present at Training and Exercise

Inffcntry. Artillery.

£- d. £ s. d.

0 11 4 0 11 4

0 7 6 0 7 6

0 1 0 0 1 0

0 1 6| 0 2 6

0 1 2\ 0 1 4$

0 1 0 0 1 2

0 3 0 0 3 0

0 0 1 0 0 1

8. Whenever a Volunteer who has been punished for Absence from any annual Training ^Uhed7or

shall subsequently thereto serve for an additional Year or Years for any annual Period or S^nce, ° Periods of Traiuing and Exercise, from or during which he absented himself, he shall be serving for ad-entitled to receive the same Bounty which, under the Regulation under the Act of the ditional Period, Fifteenth and Sixteenth Victoria, Chapter Fifty, would have been payable to him during or Bounty under in respect of Attendance at Training and Exercise. 15 & 16 Vict.

c. 50.

9. Volunteers shall, with the Sanction of the Secretary of State for War, when attached Volunteers

to Regiments of the Line to qualify themselves for the Permanent Staff, be allowed Pay attached to whilst so under Instruction, but while they remain so attached they will be under the J^i^to be Command of the Officer commanding the Regiment of the Line equally with the Soldiers of subject to the that Regiment, and will be subject to the Provisions of the Mutiny Act. Mutiny Act.

10. Volunteers may, if they desire, be transferred to another Regiment, with the Volunteers

Consent of the Commanding Officers of both Regiments, whether of Great Britain or J^re^euJran8' Ireland, without being required to take any Oath other than that which they took on their another Regi-original Enrolment. ment without being re-sworn.

11. And whereas certain Lieutenants, Ensigns, and Surgeons Mates of the Militia of Certain Officers Great Britain, or Subaltern Officers and Assistant Surgeons of the Militia of Ireland, when unfit for Duty

unfit for further Duty, have been placed upon a retired Allowance equal to and instead of ^ti^Aiioir the Allowance granted to them on the disembodying of the Militia at the Termination of Mce!upon°W 4 the War in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen: And whereas certain Pay- making the masters, Surgeons, and Quartermasters, when unfit for Duty, have also been placed on a 4 retired Allowance equal to and instead of their reduced Allowances granted to them in pursuance of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth:' All such Paymasters, Surgeons, Quartermasters, Subalterns, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, to entitle them to the Receipt of such Retired Allowances, shall make and subscribe the following Declaration; (videlicet,)

4 I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I formerly served as a Form of

4 A in the Militia; that I am not in Holy Orders; and Declaration

that from the Day of to the Day of

4 I did not hold or enjoy any Place or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military, under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, besides my Allowance of per Diem as a

of the said Militia, except my Half Pay or Civil Pension as a. '

12. And whereas certain Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers of the Militia of Out-Pension the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland have, on the Reduction of the *?reduced.

4 Establishment of the Disembodied Staff, been placed on the Out-Pension, although not 8ioned°Officers

unfit for further ServiceNo Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer so placed on and Drummers

Pension shall be entitled to receive the said Pension for any Period during which he shall not to be received while

be receiving Pay in the Militia. serving.

13. Provided always, That any Person, being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or being Persons on entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces or

Navy

Allowance as having served in the Army or Navy, empowered to receive Pay, &c. daring Training.

Members of the Permanent Staff, See. not to lose their Right to Chelsea or Kilmainham Pensions, &c.

Allowance to be made for Medicines.

Reduced Adjutants to receive 4s. per Day till 31st July 1866.

Right to Half Pay reserved.

Allowances to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters.

Allowances granted to Adjutants on Completion of certain Periods of Service.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

Navy or Marines, and serving in the Militia, may receive the Pay and Allowances by this Act directed to be paid to the Field Officers, Captains, Lieutenants, Ensigns, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Assistant Surgeons, when assembled for annual Training; and the receiving any such Pay and Allowances by any such Field Officer, Captain, Lieutenant, Ensign, Adjutant, Quartermaster, Surgeon, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon shall not prevent such Person on Half Pay, or being entitled to any such Allowance, from receiving his Half Pay or such Allowance: Provided also, that such Person shall, in the Declaration to be taken for the Receipt of the Half Pay or such Allowance, declare that he has received or is entitled to such Militia Pay and Allowances, and shall specify the Militia Rank which entitles him to the same.

14. Provided always, That no Member of the Permanent Staff in the Regular Militia, entitled to receive any Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance on account of Service in the Regular Army, shall forfeit or lose his Right to the same by reason of his serving and receiving Pay in the Regular Militia; nor shall any Quartermaster, Subaltern Officer, Surgeon's Mate, or Assistant Surgeon forfeit or lose his Right to receive any such Chelsea or Kilmainham Pension or Allowance by reason of his receiving the Allowance by this Act granted to him when disembodied.

15. There shall be granted for each Regiment of Regular Militia a Sum of Money after the Rate of One Guinea for every One hundred Rank and File effective Men during the Period of Training and Exercise, for the Expense of necessary Medicines for the sick Noncommissioned Officers and Men thereof, including the Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Permanent Staff and their Wives and Families, and also an Allowance of Twopence per Week, excluding the Period of Training and Exercise, for the Expenses of necessary Medicines and Attendance for the sick Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Permanent Staff and their Wives and Families while such Regiment is not called out for Training and Exercise.

16. In case any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment, or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as was or shall be actually serving as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion, or Corps at the Time of Reduction, from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, (as the Case may be,) to the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions and Conditions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines, or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

17. ctAnd whereas certain Allowances have been granted in pursuance of former Acts to Adjutants, Surgeons, and Quartermasters of Regular Militia who have by Age or Infirmity been rendered unfit for further Service:' Such Allowances shall be issued and paid, during the Continuance of this Act, in like Manner and subject to the same Restrictions as the Allowances granted by this Act to Adjutants who shall by Age or Infirmity be rendered unfit for further Service: Provided always, that no Person receiving such Allowance shall by reason thereof forfeit his Right to any Half Pay to which he may be entitled.

18. The following Allowances shall be granted and paid, under the Restrictions and Limitations herein-after expressed, to Adjutants of the Militia of Great Britain and Ireland, on the Completion of the following Periods of Service in Her Majesty's Regular or Indian Forces, or in the Army of the East India Company, and in the Militia, if unfit, either by Age or Infirmity, for the Performance of the Duties of their Commissions; (that is to say,) To every Adjutant who shall have completed in the Service a Period of, (videlicet,)

Fifteen Years, of which Five Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Three Shillings per Diem:

Twenty

227

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

Twenty Years, of which Seven Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Four Shillings per Diem:

Twenty-five Years, of which Ten Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Five Shillings per Diem:

Thirty Years, of which Fifteen Years as an Adjutant of Militia, an Allowance of Six Shillings per Diem:

Provided that such Adjutants shall retain any Right they may have to Half Pay or to Out-Pension, notwithstanding the Grant of such retired Allowance as aforesaid; and all such Allowances shall be granted upon the Production to the Secretary of State for War of a Certificate of such Service and Disability; and upon the Order of the Secretary of State for War, founded upon such Certificate, the Paymaster General shall pay to such Adjutant the above Allowance: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government; and that no Person who before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under the Crown, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he held such Civil Place or Employment, except in the Cases in which the Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance, and unless in such excepted Cases the Royal Consent to the holding of such Civil Place or Employment shall have been signified through the Secretary of State for War; and that no Person appointed on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall receive any Part of the said Allowance for any Time during which he shall hold such Civil Place or Employment.

19. And whereas certain Allowances have been granted to reduced Adjutants of the 1 Local MilitiaThe said Allowances shall be issued and paid during the Continuance of this Act, under the Restrictions and in the Manner herein-after expressed: Provided always, that in the Cases in which any such Local Militia Adjutants have been permitted to receive the said Allowances whilst holding any Civil Offices under the Crown, to which Offices they had been appointed previously to the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, it shall be lawful to continue the Payment of the said Allowances under the same Regulations and Restrictions as those under which the Permission was originally granted.

20. Every Adjutant of Local Militia who shall claim under the Authority of this Act to receive any Part of the said Allowance shall, previous to receiving the same, and in order to entitle himself thereto, take and subscribe a Declaration before some One of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom, or Notary Public, or other Officer now by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declaration, or before some One of Her Majesty's Ministers, Secretaries of Embassy, of Legation, or Consuls abroad, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I was serving as Adjutant in the 1 of Local Militia at the Reduction of the Staff of the said Militia in

s One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and that I was not in Holy Orders during any Part of the Period for which I now claim to receive an Allowance, that is to say,

from the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

to the Day of One thousand eight hundred and;

and that I did not hold or enjoy, nor did any Person for me hold or enjoy, during any % Part of the said Period, any Place, Office, or Employment of Profit, Civil or Military,

under the Croiarn or any other Government, besides the Allowance of a

Day now claimed, except my Half Pay as a [of the Army or Navy or

i Marines, or of a Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, as the Case may 4e]. '

Which Declaration, so taken and subscribed, shall be produced to the Paymaster General of Her Majesty's Forces by the Adjutant claiming the Allowance i Provided always, that

any

Restrictions as to Allowances to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia.

A Declaration to be taken by Adjutants of Local Militia claiming th« said Allowance.

Allowance to Clerks of General Meetings, &c.

Manner of

granting

Allowances.

Clerks, &c. to make Declaration of the Justness of their Accounts.

Deputy Lieutenants may require the Attendance of any Surgeon residing near the Place of Meeting for Appeals.

Declaration to be made by Surgeon.

Allowance to Surgeon.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

any Adjutant receiving such Allowance, and being on Naval or Military Half Pay, or entitled to any Allowance as having served in any of Her Majesty's Regular Forces, or Navy or Marines, shall, notwithstanding such Militia Allowance, be entitled to receive such Half Pay or Allowance.

21. Where the Militia is raised by Ballot in Great Britain Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy and others mentioned in Schedule A. to this Act for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of the Laws relating to the Militia at the Rates mentioned in the same Schedule; and where the Militia is raised in the United Kingdom otherwise than by Ballot, Allowances shall be made and issued to the Clerks of General Meetings for their Trouble and Expenses in the Execution of such Laws at the Rates mentioned in the Schedule B. to this Act

22. The said Allowances shall be granted as follows; (videlicet,) the Account shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by Two or more

Deputy Lieutenants acting for such County, Stewartry, City, or Place, or by the Lord

Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, or by Two or more Deputy Wardens

of the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon; and the Clerks of General and Subdivision

Meetings in Great Britain, and the Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland,

shall make a Declaration as to the Justness of the Accounts, in the following Terms

respectively, before some Justice of the Peace; (videlicet,)

Declaration of a Clerk of General or Subdivision Meetings, .

I do solemnly declare, That the preceding Account, so far as regards

* my Interest therein, is a just and true Account of Business performed by me for and (in benalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and the Sums

claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

Declaration of a Schoolmaster, Constable, or other Officer in Scotland.

I do solemnly declare, That I am the Parochial Schoolmaster [or Constable

or other Officer] of the District of in the Subdivision of

(the County of; and that the preceding Account is a just and true Account of Business actually performed by myself for and in behalf of the Public Service according to the Manner therein set forth; and that I was employed on such Business the full Time therein stated; and that the Sums claimed as disbursed were actually paid by me. '

And the said Accounts shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, who is hereby empowered to issue the Allowances according to the Rates specified in the respective Tables to this Act annexed, or such Sums as he shall think reasonable and proper.

23. And whereas it is expedient that the Deputy Lieutenants acting in any Subdivision s of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, and the Special Deputy Wardens acting in any Subdivision in the Stannaries of the Counties of Cornwall and f Devon, should be assisted by the Advice of a Surgeon in deciding upon the Appeals of Persons claiming to be exempt from compulsory Service in the Militia by reason of bodily Infirmity, and upon the Fitness for Service of the Persons presenting themselves for EnrolmentIt shall be lawful for any Two Deputy Lieutenants and they are hereby empowered and required to summon, by Two Days previous Notice in Writing, any competent Surgeon residing at or nearest to the Place where any Meeting for Appeals or Enrolment shall be held to attend at such Meeting; and every such Surgeon shall, before he begins any such Examination, make the following Declaration, which Declaration any Deputy Lieutenant is hereby authorized to administer; (videlicet,)

1 I do solemnly declare. That I will, to the best of my Ability, faithfully

and truly report as to the Fitness for Service of the Man or Men about to be submitted

to my Examination, and that I will not receive from any of them any Fee or Reward f whatever for any such Examination. '

And every such Surgeon shall receive for each Day's Attendance at such Meeting a Sum not less than Half a Guinea nor exceeding Two Guineas, according to the Extent of the

229

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

Duty performed: Provided always, that the Accounts and Vouchers upon which the said Allowances shall be recommended by the Deputy Lieutenants of the respective Subdivisions shall be transmitted to the Secretary of State for War, with the Accounts of the Lieutenancy Clerks, for Examination and Payment.

24. All Sums of Money granted for the Pay, contingent and other Expenses, and for the Allowances to the Officers and Men of the Regular and Local Militia, when disembodied, shall be issued and paid under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War, by the Acceptance of Bills or otherwise, according to such Regulations as have been or shall be established on that Head.

25. All Bills, Drafts, and Orders drawn for Pay or Allowances under this Act may be drawn upon unstamped Paper; and no such Bill, Draft, or Order shall be void by reason of being drawn or written on unstamped Paper.

26. No Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid for or upon account of any Warrant or Sum of Money which shall be issued in relation to or in pursuance of this Act.

27. All Things in this Act contained relating to Counties, and to Regiments of Militia respectively, shall be construed to extend to all Ridings, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, and Places, and to all Battalions, Corps, and independent Companies respectively, and to the Corps of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

28. This Act shall take effect and continue in force from the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE A.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in Great Britain, including the Clerks of the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, and to Schoolmasters, Constables, and other Officers in Scotland, for carrying into execution the Acts relating to the Militia when the Militia are raised by Ballot.

ALLOWANCES to the CLERKS of GENERAL MEETINGS.

1. For Trouble in calling a General Meeting by Circular Letters or Adver- £ s. d.

tisements (no separate Charge being made for writing the Letters or

framing the Advertisements) - - 076

2. For attending General Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present, each - 550

For each Meeting which shall be necessarily adjourned by the Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants - 1116

Which Allowances are to be in full for engrossing Minutes, &c.

3. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable of each

Subdivision, Hundred, Lathe, Rape, or Wapentake in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets, and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to return Lists, each - - - 006

For filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland to return Lists, each - - 0 0 6

4. For writing the annual Advertisements for regulating, arranging, and

fixing the First Subdivision Meeting of the Deputy Lieutenants for receiving the Parochial Lists and hearing Appeals - 0 7 6

28 Vict. G g

Pay, &c. to be issued under Direction of the Secretary of State for War.

Bills drawn for Pay, &c. may be on unstamped Paper.

No Fee to be taken.

All things in this Act relating to Counties shall extend to Ridings.

Shires, &c.

Continuance of Act

230

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

6. For arranging Subdivision Lists and making Abstracts thereof, Schedule (D.), for the Privy Council and Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department (the latter Copy to be annexed to the Clerk's Accounts as a Voucher); videlicet.

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under in the original Number of the Militia -

In Counties furnishing from 201 to 400 Men -

Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards -

6. For striking the Proportion of Men to serve for the several Hundreds, Rapes, Lathes, Wapentakes, or other Divisions of a County in England and Wales, and for each respective Parish or other Division of a County or Stewartry in Scotland, under the several Acts of Parliament relating to the Regular Militia, when necessary to be done:

In Counties furnishing a Quota of 200 Men or under

Ditto - from 201 to 400 Men

Ditto - from 401 to 600 Men

Ditto - from 601 to 800 Men

Ditto - from 801 Men and upwards

7. For Trouble in engrossing in a Book the Names of the Men contained in each Subdivision Return of Enrolment, Schedule (E.):

For engrossing 50 Names and under -

Ditto - 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto 151 to 250 Names -

Ditto - 251 Names and upwards 1 -

8. For drawing out fair Copy of the Lord Lieutenant's annual Return of the

Militia for the County, containing the Number, Names, and Rank of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, Drummers, and Private Men:

In Counties furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps - Ditto - Two - Ditto -

Ditto - Three - Ditto

No separate Charge being made for Attendance upon the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for his or their Signatures thereto.

Note. — This Allowance is of course only chargeable by the General Clerks for those Counties in Scotland which furnish the greatest Proportion of Men towards the Formation of the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps.

9. For Stationery:

To the Clerk of General Meetings in a County where the Number in the original Quota of the Militia is under 300 Men -

Ditto - from 301 to 600 Men -

Ditto - from 601 to 900 Men -

Ditto - from 901 Men and upwards -

10. For Copyings, Correspondence, &c. &c .:

To the Clerk of the General Meetings in a County where the Number of the original Quota of the Militia is 200 Men or under In a County furnishing from 201 to 400 Men - Ditto - - from 401 to 600 Men -

Ditto - - from 601 to 800 Men -

Ditto - - from 801 Men and upwards -

£ s. d.

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

6 6 0

1 1 0

2 2 0

3 3 0

4 4 0

5 5 0

0 5 0 0 10 0 10 0

1 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0 2 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

2 0 0

3 0 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

6 0 0

231

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

11. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing the Advertise- £ s.

ments, for Postages, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account, specifying each Article of Postage, &c., certified specially by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same were necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

Training and Exercise.

12. For filling up printed Notices to the Clerks of Subdivision Meetings of the

Time and Place fixed by the Lord Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants for assembling the Militia to be trained and exercised, each Notice 0 0

13. For making out correct Abstracts from the Adjutant's or other Command-

ing Officer's Returns, Schedule (F.), in the Form Schedule (G.), for Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department in Counties in England and Scotland furnishing a Quota towards the Formation of an entire Regiment or Battalion - -10

In Counties in England, Wales, and Scotland furnishing One Regiment, Battalion, or Corps - - 2 0

Ditto - Two Ditto - - -30

Ditto - Three Ditto - - -40

ALLOWANCES to CLERKS of SUBDIVISION MEETINGS.

14. For Trouble in calling a Subdivision Meeting by Advertisement, no

separate Charge being made for writing Letters or framing Advertisement - - - 05

Or for calling a Meeting by Circular Letters to the Deputy Lieutenants, the Adjutant, or other Commanding Officer, (no Charge being made for the Draft,) for each Letter - - 01

15. For attending Subdivision Meetings, for each of the Three first or principal

Meetings at which the Statutory Quorum of Lieutenancy shall be present; videlicet.

For receiving Lists and hearing Appeals,

For balloting,

For enrolling.

And for the Meeting held to apportion the Deficiencies among the Parishes, et cetera, when necessary to be done; and also for calling out the Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision to be trained and exercised, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - - 2 2

And for each Meeting held by Adjournment to complete the Business of any or either of the Three first or principal Meetings above enumerated, which Allowance shall be in full for engrossing Minutes and making up Lists - - -15

And for each Meeting which shall have been summoned, but which is necessarily postponed by the Subdivision Clerk in consequence of the Absence of the Deputy Lieutenant - - - 015

16. For filling up printed Precepts to the Chief or High Constables in

England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to give Notice of the Number of Men apportioned to Berve for each Parish, and to issue out their Orders to the Petty Constables to serve Notices upon balloted Men, each Precept - -00

And for filling up printed Precepts to the Schoolmasters, Chief Constables, or other Officers in Scotland, for the Performance of similar Duty, each Precept - - - 00

d.

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

6

6

232

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

17. For Trouble In amending the Returns of Persons liable to serve in the

Regular Militia, by taking out the Names of all Persons who may appeal, and whose Appeals or Claims of Exemption have been allowed, and inserting the Names of any Persons that have been omitted to be inserted, and in numbering the Returns, and making out the Tickets, for the balloting, after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One thousand Names of Persons returned liable to serve, and so in proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Men - -^perljOOOO

18. For making out the annual Abstracts of Lists, Schedule (C.), for the use £ s. d.

of the Clerk of General Meetings, where the original Quota or Apportionment of the Subdivision is 50 Men and under - 2 2 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 3 3 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 4 4 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - - 5 5 0

19. For making out fair and true Copies of Lists of Men enrolled for each

Subdivision of a County in Great Britain, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, for the Use of the Clerk of General Meetings, Schedule (E.), and the Colonel or Commandant of the Regiment of the County; (videlicet,)

For a Roll containing 50 Names and under - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names - - 0100

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - 0 15 0

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards - 1 0 0

20. For Stationary to the Clerk of a Subdivision furnishing Men towards the

Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - 1 10 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 2 0 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - - 2 10 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - -30.0

21. For Correspondence, Copyings, et cetera, to the Clerk of a Subdivision

furnishing Men towards the Quota of a County in the following Proportions; (videlicet,)

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - - 2 0 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - - 3 0 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 4 0 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - - 5 0 0

22. The actual Amount expended for printing and publishing Advertise-

ments, for Postage, Expresses, and Messengers, to be allowed upon an Account specifying each Article of Postage, and specially certified by the Lieutenancy, whose Certificate shall state that the same was necessary and actually performed.

The Charge for printing and publishing Advertisements is invariably to be supported by the Receipt of the Person to whom paid.

23. For Trouble in apportioning and distributing to the Constables of the several Townships, Parishes, et cetera, within the Limits of the Subdivision, the various Forms of Schedules, et cetera:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under - - 0 5 0

Ditto from 51 to 150 Men - 0 10 0

Ditto from 151 to 250 Men - 0 15 0

Ditto from 251 Men and upwards - - 1 0 0

Training and Exercise.

24. For filling up printed Precepts to the High or Chief Constable in each Subdivision of any County in England and Wales, including the Tower Hamlets and the Stannaries of Cornwall and Devon, to issue out their

233

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47.

Warrants to the Petty Constables, Tithingmen, or other Officers within their respective Hundreds to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 50 Names and under - Ditto from 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names -

Ditto from 251 Names and upwards And for filling up printed Precepts to the Chief Constables, and to the Schoolmasters, Constables, or other Officers of the Parishes within the Subdivision of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Scotland, to give Notice in Writing to the Men enrolled to attend the Training and Exercise of the Militia:

For each Precept containing 10 Names and under - Ditto from 11 to 30 Names -

Ditto from 31 to 50 Names -

Ditto from 51 to 70 Names -

Ditto from 71 to 100 Names -

Ditto from 100 upwards -

25. For making out full and true Lists of the Names and Dates of Enrolment

of all Persons enrolled within each Subdivision respectively, for the Use of the Commanding Officer and Adjutant of each Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain, previously to the Training and Exercise:

For a Roll containing 20 Names and under -

Ditto from 21 to 50 Names -

Ditto from 51 to 150 Names -

Ditto from 151 to 250 Names - Ditto from 251 and upwards -

26. For correcting the Books of Enrolment of the Subdivision so as to

correspond accurately with the Extracts from the Adjutant's or other Commanding Officer's Return, Schedule (F.), of the State of the Classes of the Men forming the Quota or Apportionment serving in the Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of Militia of any County, Stewartry, City, or Place in Great Britain:

For a Subdivision furnishing 50 Men and under Ditto from 51 to 150 Men Ditto from 151 to 250 Men -

Ditto from 251 and upwards -

£ s. d.

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 2 6

0 4 0

0 7 0

0 10 0

0 2 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

ALLOWANCES to SCHOOLMASTERS in SCOTLAND.

27. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours -

28. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines -

29. For attending Meetings of Lieutenancy, each Meeting -

30. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted Men, per Day -

31. For Stationery, per Annum -

ALLOWANCES to CONSTABLES in SCOTLAND.

32. For filling up and delivering Notices to Householders, for each Day consisting of Eight Hours -

33. For making out Lists, for each Folio consisting of Sixty Lines -

34. For attending each Meeting of Lieutenancy, per Day -

35. For filling up and delivering Notices to balloted and enrolled Men, per

Day -

36. For Stationery, where the Lists are made out by the Constables, per

Annum -

0 5 0

0 1 0

0 10 0

0 5 0

0 5 0

0 4 0

0 1 0

0 4 0

0 4 0

0 5 0

234

28° VICTORIAE, c. 47, 48.

SPECIAL CONTINGENT ALLOWANCES applicable to the Clerks of General Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy respectively.

37. When it is necessary to call the Person from a Distance to perform the Duty of a

General or Subdivision Clerk, such Person shall have an Allowance for his travelling Expenses not exceeding Ninepence per Mile, and the Expenses of Tolls and Ferry Money; but the Particulars of such Expenses shall be specified in a Statement, and certified by the Lieutenancy, and transmitted in support of the Charge in the Clerk's annual Account.

38. The Expense necessarily incurred for the Use of the Room at the Place of Meeting to

be allowed upon the Production of the Receipt of the Person to whom the same may be paid.

SCHEDULE B.

Scale of Rates of Remuneration to the Clerks of General Meetings for any Duty they may be required to perform under the Acts relating to the Militia, or by Her Majesty's Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) by the Lord Lieutenant, in execution of the Provisions of such Acts when the Militia is raised otherwise than by Ballot.

CLERKS OF GENERAL MEETINGS.

Per Annum.

For Trouble in executing the Duty required of them, including Copyings, £ s. d. Correspondence, and Stationery:

In Counties where the Quota does not exceed 200 - 15 0 0

Where the Quota is

Above 200 and not exceeding 400 - - 20 0 0

Above 400 and not exceeding 500 - - 25 0 0

And where the Quota exceeds 500 the following Additions for every 100 or fractional Part of 100:

Above 500 and not exceeding 1,000 - - 4 0 0

Above 1,000 and not exceeding 2,000 - - 3 0 0

Above 2,000 and not exceeding 3,000 - - 2 0 0

Above 3,000 and not exceeding 4,000 - 1 10 0

Above 4,000 - - 1 0 0

For convening and attending any General Meeting summoned by the distinct

Order of the Secretary of State, or (in Ireland) of the Lord Lieutenant - 2 2 0

The actual Expense incurred in printing or advertising, and for Postage, may be charged.

CAP. XLVIII.

28 Vict. c. 49.

An Act to supply Means towards defraying the Expenses of providing Courts of Justice and the various Offices belonging thereto; and for other Purposes.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS a Bill has been or is about to be introduced into Parliament in the present Session by the Short Title of "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," and the Purposes intended to be carried into effect by such Bill are the Acquisition of a Site capable of affording Accommodation to the Superior Courts of Law and Equity, the Probate and Divorce Courts, the High Court of Admiralty, and the various Offices

235

28° VICTORIAE, c. 48.

belonging to the same, and to such other Courts for the Administration of Justice, and f Offices connected therewith, as may be required:

And whereas it is expedient to make Provision for the Cost of acquiring such Site, and of the Erection thereon of suitable Buildings, with all proper Furniture and Conveniences, for such Courts and Offices; and also to make Provision for such other Changes incident to and consequential on the Removal of the existing Courts and Offices from the Sites s now occupied by them as are herein-after mentioned:

And whereas it is expedient that the Cost of erecting the said Courts of Justice should f be borne, as follows:

1st. By Money to be provided by Parliament to the Extent of the Value of Property

1 surrendered, and of Relief to the Public by the Cessation of Rents now charged to

the Public:

2dly. By a Contribution of One Million Stock, Part of a Sum of One million two

hundred and ninety-one thousand six hundred and twenty-nine Pounds Ten

Shillings and Fivepence Three Pounds per Cent. Stock, now standing in the Books

of the Bank of England to the Credit of an Account intituled " Account of

" Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising from Securities carried to " Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better Security of the (" Suitors of the High Court of Chancery," which has arisen from the Profit of Investments, made under the Authority of Parliament at the Risk of the Public, f of unemployed Cash Balances paid into the High Court of Chancery on account of f individual Suitors, and which is herein-after referred to as the Surplus Interest Fund:

(3dly. By the Taxation of Suitors of the Courts other than the Court of Chancery to be accommodated in the said Building:

And whereas it is expedient that the Monies required from Time to Time for carrying into effect the Purposes of the said Site Act and this Act should be defrayed in the first instance out of Monies to be provided by Parliament:

f And whereas the Capital of the aforesaid Surplus Interest Fund is ultimately liable to make good any Deficiency which may occur in the general Cash Balance remaining in the Court of Chancery from Time to Time for Payment of the Sums due to the Suitors of the said Court, and the same is, with other Funds in Chancery, also charged with the i Payment of certain Compensations in the Nature of Life Annuities and other temporary

Charges, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for such Liabilities and

Charges in the Manner herein-after appearing

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865."

2. " The Treasury" shall mean the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Two or more of them:

Suitors" shall mean and include not only Suitors in Courts but also all Persons proving Wills or conducting Business in any of the Courts or Offices to be accommodated in the said new Buildings other than and except Suitors in the Court of Chancery:

"Compensation Allowances" shall mean and include not only the Compensation Allowances charged on or payable partly or wholly out of the " Surplus Interest Fund" or the Interest or Dividends thereof or other Funds in Chancery and existing at the Time of the passing of this Act, but also the Salaries payable to the abolished Masters in Chancery and their Clerks and to the Master of the Reports.

Provision of Funds for Works.

3. All Sums of Money required from Time to Time for carrying into effect the Purposes of "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," and for the Purpose of erecting

Definition of Terms.

Advances to be made by the Paymaster General.

Plan of Building and Arrangements for Care and Maintenance of the Building.

Repayments to the Account of the Paymaster General to be carried to and be made Part of the Consolidated Fund.

Mode of Repayment of Advances to Consolidated Fund.

200,000l. to be contributed out of Money to be provided by Parliament as the Value of Courts and Offices transferred, and of Relief from

28° VICTORIA, c. 48.

upon the Site to be acquired under the same Act all such suitable Buildings for the Accommodation of the Superior Courts of Law and Equity, the Probate and Divorce Courts, and the Court of Admiralty, and the various Offices connected therewith, and of such other Courts for the Administration of Justice, and Offices connected therewith, or Offices used for any other Purpose of legal Administration, as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the Treasury, with all proper Furniture and Conveniences, and Accesses thereto, not exceeding in the whole One million five hundred thousand Pounds Cash, shall be provided in the first instance by Issues to be made to the Paymaster General by the Comptroller General of the Exchequer out of Monies to be provided by Parliament, and the Paymaster General shall keep a separate Account thereof.

4. The Plan upon which the said Buildings shall be erected, and the necessary Arrangements for the proper and convenient Accommodation of all the Courts and Offices to be provided for therein, and for proper Accesses thereto, shall be determined upon by the Treasury, with the Advice and Concurrence of such Persons as Her Majesty shall think fit to authorize in that Behalf; and after the Completion of the said Buildings Her Majesty may, by Order in Council, from Time to Time nominate and appoint such Persons as She shall think fit, with such Powers to superintend and regulate the said Buildings and to provide for the proper Care and Maintenance thereof, and also (if it shall be found necessary) to vary from Time to Time the internal Arrangements of the said Buildings, and the Purposes to or for which any Part thereof may be used or appropriated, as to Her Majesty shall seem proper and expedient: Provided always, that no Orders or Regulations requiring any Expenditure of public Money shall be made by such Persons without the Consent of the Treasury.

Repayment of Advances.

5. All Sums of Money which shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Account of the Paymaster General, in Repayment of Advances made by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, at such Periods as the Treasury shall direct, be transferred to the Account kept by the said Bank of England with Her Majesty's Exchequer, and when so transferred shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,

6. For the Purpose of securing the Repayment of the Advances to be made, under the Provisions of this Act, other than those to be granted as the estimated Value of the present Courts and Offices, as herein-after provided, there shall be contributed a Sum not exceeding One million three hundred thousand Pounds Cash, as follows:

First, One million Pounds Three Pounds per Cent, Stock, out of the Three Pounds per Cent, Consolidated Annuities, and out of the Three Pounds per Cent, Reduced Annuities, now standing in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of an Account, intituled u Account of Securities purchased with Surplus Interest arising " from Securities carried to Account of Monies placed out for the Benefit and better *c Security of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, which Account is herein " called The Surplus Interest Fund"

And secondly, a Contribution in the Nature of a Redemption Annuity, payable for a Term not exceeding Fifty Years, to be raised by Fees to be imposed as herein-after directed on Suitors and on Processes in the Courts and Offices to be accommodated in the said new Buildings other than the Court of Chancery, equivalent to the Residue of the said Advances, with Interest thereon.

7. Out of the Monies to be provided by Parliament as aforesaid for carrying into effect the Purposes of "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds Cash, being the estimated Value of the present Courts and Offices, to be transferred to the Commissioners of Public Works and Buildings, or to become available for other public Purposes, and of the Relief from Rental which is at present defrayed out of public Monies for Buildings in the Occupation of Legal Departments to be hereafter accommodated in the new Courts, shall be considered as a Grant towards the Erection of the said Courts, and shall not be repayable to the Consolidated Fund; and if

any

28° VICTORIAE, c. 48.

any other Property now used for Courts and Offices, and not included in the said Estimate of Two hundred thousand Pounds, should in like Manner be transferred or become available for other public Purposes, Credit shall be given for the Value of such Property by a Reduction of the Annuity to be paid by the Contribution to be levied on Suitors as hereinafter provided, or otherwise as the Commissioners of the Treasury and the Lord Chancellor shall jointly determine.

8. There shall from Time to Time be sold, under the Order of the Lord Chancellor (such Order to be made on the Certificate of the Treasury), such Portions of the said Surplus Interest Fund, to the Extent of but not exceeding in the whole One million of the Stock composing the same, as the said Lord Chancellor shall from Time to Time direct; and the Monies arising from every such Sale shall be received by One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, and be paid by him to the aforesaid Account of the Paymaster General at the Bank of England, and shall be transferred to the Account of Her Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid.

9. The Residue of the Advances, with Interest, is to be repaid, and is to be deemed to be discharged, by a Contribution, to be levied on the Suitors (other than those of the Court of Chancery) using the said Buildings, in the Nature of a Redemption Annuity calculated at Four Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Amount of such Residue, and payable for a Term not exceeding Fifty Years, such Term to commence from the Period when any Part of such Buildings shall be used for the Transaction of the Business of such Suitors, the Commencement of such Period to be announced in the London Gazette by the Direction of the Treasury.

10. The Amount of such Residue so chargeable on the said Suitors is to be ascertained by adding to the Principal Money payable by them Interest from the Time of the respective Advances up to the Commencement of the said Term, at the Rate of Three Pounds Five Shillings per Centum per Annum, such being the Rate at which the said Redemption Annuity of Four Pounds per Centum has been calculated.

U. The Suitors (other than those of the Court of Chancery) are to contribute in proportion, as far as may be, to the Extent of the Use made by them of the Buildings erected in pursuance of the said Building Act.

The Proportion in which the Suitors are to contribute shall, subject to the Provisions of this Act, be determined by the Treasury.

12. The Contribution of the Suitors under this Act shall be levied by means of a separate Fee, herein-after called the Rent of Courts Fee, to be collected by Stamps, to be impressed on or affixed to such Documents in use in each Court or Office to be accommodated in the said new Buildings, and to be of such Amounts as may be from Time to Time determined by the Treasury, with the Consent of the Lord Chancellor, together with the Chief Judge of each of the Superior Courts of Common Law, or any One of such Chief Judges, and of such other Persons or Person as Her Majesty by Order in Council may please to direct; and all the Provisions of any Act of Parliament relating to the Payment or Collection of the Fees levied in any Court in which the Rent of Courts Fee is collected, and relating to the Stamps for collecting such Fees, shall apply to the Rent of Courts Fee payable under this Act.

The net Produce of such Rent of Courts Fee is to be paid by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to the Credit of the aforesaid Account of the Paymaster General.

13. The said Paymaster General is to keep and annually make up an Account of the Monies due and paid in respect of the said Redemption Annuity and of the net Produce received by him in respect of such Rents of Courts Fee, and of all other Payments (if any) made on account of such Redemption Annuity; and the said Fees imposed in respect of such Rent of Courts Fee may be from Time to Time revised and varied so that the Produce thereof may satisfy the Amount payable from Time to Time in respect of the said Redemption Annuity; but if in any Year there shall have been an Excess in the said Receipts beyond the Amount due for such Annuity, such Excess is to be invested and accumulated, and applied at such Periods as the Lord Chancellor and the Treasury shall from Time to Time determine

28 Vict. H h in

237

Rent, to the Public.

1,000,000l. Stock to be contributed by the Surplus Interest Fund.

Contribution of Suitors other than of Chancery to be ascertained and discharged by a Redemption Annuity.

Mode of ascertaining Amount chargeable on the Suitors.

Apportionment amongst Suitore other than those of the Court of Chancery of their Contribution.

Mode of levying Contribution.

Annual Ad< justment of Suitors Redemption Annuity.

Cessation of Rent of Courts Fee.

Power of Treasury to make Regulations.

Chancery Compensations may be redeemed or paid out of the Capital of Court Funds.

Indemnity against Loss by Appropriation of Surplus Interest Fund.

Saving of Jurisdiction of Courts.

Forms of Writs to be altered by Order in Council.

Power to try London Causes in the new Courts.

28° VICTORIA c. 48.

in satisfying, discharging, and redeeming so much of the said Annuity as it shall at the Rates aforesaid, and having regard to the Length of Term unexpired, be sufficient to discharge and redeem.

This Account shall be annually laid before Parliament.

14. As soon as such Redemption Annuity shall have been satisfied as aforesaid the Rent of Courts Fee shall cease to be levied.

15. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Treasury may from Time to Time make Regulations with respect to the Mode of making and replacing the Advances required to be made for the Purposes of this Act, and with respect to all other Matters necessary to carry this Act into effect; and any Regulations made by the Treasury in pursuance of the Power given by this Act shall be as valid as if they were inserted in this Act.

Power to redeem Chancery Compensations out of Capital, and Indemnity of the Chancery

Cash Balance.

16. The Lord Chancellor may negotiate with any of the Persons entitled to Compensation Allowances for the Purchase or Redemption of the same at a Price not exceeding the Price contained in the Tables referred to in the Act of Parliament of the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-four, Section Fourteen, either for a gross Amount of Cash or Stock, or for a Government Annuity; and for the Purpose of effecting such Purchase or Redemption, or of providing for any Part of such Compensation Allowances remaining unredeemed which the Income of the Funds charged therewith may be insufficient to satisfy, the Lord Chancellor may order the Sale, Transfer, or Payment of any Part of the Residue of the said Surplus Interest Fund, or of any of the other Funds charged with such Compensation Allowances, or the Purchase therewith from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of terminable Annuities either for Lives or for Terms of Years.

17. If the General Cash Balance of the Suitors remaining in the Court of Chancery shall be at any Time insufficient to satisfy the Demands of the Suitors thereon, such Deficiency shall, to the Extent to which the Monies arising by the Sale of the aforesaid One million of the said Surplus Interest Fund would have been available, be made good out of the Consolidated Fund; and if the Residue of the Surplus Interest Fund and the other Funds charged with Compensation Allowances are insufficient to meet such Charges, in that Case such last-mentioned Deficiency also shall be made good out of the Consolidated Fund.

Saving of Jurisdiction on Removal of Courts.

18. Notwithstanding their Removal to the Site provided by "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," the Superior Courts of Law and Equity may exercise the same Jurisdiction and enjoy the same Rights and Privileges as they have hitherto exercised and enjoyed, and all Statutes, Charters, and other Instruments wherein Westminster is described or referred to as being the Locality of the said Courts shall be construed as if the Site provided by "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," had been described or referred to in the said Statutes, Charters, and other Instruments as the Locality of the said Courts, instead of Westminster.

19. Her Majesty may by Order in Council make any Alteration that may be thought expedient for the Purpose of adapting the Forms of testing Writs and other Instruments, and the Forms themselves of Writs or other Instruments in use in the said Courts, to the Change of Locality made by " The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865."

20. Her Majesty may by Order in Council from Time to Time, at the Request of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled, direct that all or any Issues or Inquiries in Cases at Nisi Prius which would otherwise be tried and executed within the County of the City of London shall for ever thereafter, or for a Time to be specified in such Order, be tried and executed at the Courts authorized to be erected by this Act; and in the event of such Order being made the said Courts shall, for the

239

28° VICTORIAE, c. 48.

the Purpose of giving Jurisdiction to the Sheriffs of London in relation to such Trials and Inquiries, and for the summoning of Jurors, and for all other Purposes of or incidental to any such Trials or Inquiries, be deemed to be situate in the County of the City of London.

21. Her Majesty may by Order in Council from Time to Time direct that all or any Issues or Inquiries in Cases at Nisi Prius which would otherwise be tried and executed within the County of Middlesex shall for ever thereafter, or for a Time to be specified in such Order, be tried and executed at the Courts authorized to be erected by this Act; and in the event of such Order being made the said Courts shall, for the Purpose of giving Jurisdiction to the Sheriff of Middlesex in relation to such Trials and Inquiries, and for the summoning of Jurors, and for all other Purposes of or incidental to any such Trials or Inquiries, be deemed to be situate in the County of Middlesex.

Transfer of Property now used for Offices.

22. f Whereas the legal Business hitherto carried on in the Buildings situate in or near

Southampton Buildings, known as the " Masters Offices," and erected in pursuance of the c Act of the Session of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Third, Chapter Forty-f two, is intended to be transacted in the Courts, Offices, and Premises authorized to be f erected under this Act; and it is expedient that such Masters Offices should be appropriated in manner herein-after mentioned for public Purposes Be it enacted, That all the Buildings erected as aforesaid, with the Sites thereof, and all the Lands and Hereditaments, if any, purchased or acquired in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of King George the Third, with all their actual and reputed Appurtenances, shall on the passing of this Act vest in the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings as incorporated by the Act of the Session of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-eight, to be held by them for the Purposes of the last-mentioned Act, discharged from all subsisting Trusts declared with respect thereto: Provided that the said Commissioners shall not take possession of any Part or Parts of the said Buildings that may be occupied for legal Purposes until the Lord Chancellor certifies that in his Opinion such Part or Parts is or are no longer required by the Persons so occupying the same.

23. And whereas by virtue of Two Statutes (Local and Personal) passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapters Twenty-two and Fifty- six. Land being Part of the Garden of the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn was sold

by the said Society for the Purpose of building thereon the Six Clerks and Registrars Offices, and the same are now used as the Offices of the Accountant General and Registrars in Chancery, and of the Clerks of Records and Writs, and of the Clerk of Enrolments in Chancery, and the same are now under the said Two Acts, and under the Statute f passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Victoria, Chapter One hundred and three, Section Twenty-nine, vested in the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery and his c Successors, but subject to a Provision that the Buildings shall be used for the Purposes of the aforesaid Offices, and for no other Purpose:

And whereas under an Act (Local and Personal) passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter Eighty-four, a Court for the Sittings of the Vice-Chancellor of England was erected in Lincolns Inn, and vested in the said Society for the public Purposes by the said Act directed, and for no other Purposes:

And whereas the said Society have since the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty expended out of their own Funds divers Sums in the Erection and fitting up of Courts for the Use of the Judges of the said Court of Chancery, and otherwise for the

Benefit of the said Court:

And whereas, after the said new Buildings shall have been erected and commenced to be used, the said several Offices and Courts will no longer be applicable to the Purposes for which the same were erected or fitted up, and it is necessary that Provision should be c made by Parliament respecting the same; and as the said Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn will cease to have the Benefit of the Business of the said Courts being carried on within the Precincts of their said Inn, it is just and expedient that the said Society should (be repaid the Amount of their aforesaid Outlays Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful

Power to try Middlesex Causes in the new Courts.

Discontinuance of existing Courts and Offices.

Society of Lincoln's Inn may repurchase Six Clerks and Registrars Offices.

Trusts declared by 56 G. 3. c. 84. to be discharged.

Lord Chancellor to adjust Accounts.

On Payment of Balance Lord Chancellor to make Vesting Order.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 48, 49.

for the said Society to repurchase and become repossessed of the said Land sold by them for the said Six Clerks and Registrars Offices in Chancery, upon their repaying the Purchase Monies received by them for the said Land; and further, that the said Society shall be entitled, if they so elect, to become possessed of the Erections and Buildings thereon, upon paying for the same at a Valuation as old Building Materials; and further, that the Trusts declared by the said Statute, Fifty-six George the Third, Chapter Eighty-four, shall be discharged, and the said Court erected under the said Statute for the Vice-Chancellor of England shall become to all Intents and Purposes the exclusive Property of the said Society, without their making any Payment for the same or the Materials thereof; and further, that the said Society shall be repaid the said Principal Sums they have from Time to Time since the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty expended out of their Funds for the Use of the said Court of Chancery; and that it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor to adjust and settle an Account with the said Society upon the Basis of this Enactment, and to order that the Balance of such Account shall be paid into or out of the Suitors Fee Fund of the Court of Chancery, as the Case may be; and upon Payment of the said Balance to or by the said Society, as the Case may be, the Lord Chancellor shall make an Order that the said Land and Buildings do vest in the Trustees for the Time being of the Real Estates of the said Society, and the same shall thereupon be vested accordingly, discharged from all Trusts, Restrictions, and Regulations declared, imposed, or enjoined by the said Two Statutes, Fifteenth George the Third, Chapters Twenty-two and Fifty-six, and Sixth Victoria, Chapter One hundred and three, or any or either of them; but this Enactment is not to- come into force or to take any Effect until after the Lord Chancellor shall certify under his Hand to the Treasury that the Business hitherto conducted in the said Buildings and Courts, or any Part thereof, has been transferred to the Buildings authorized to be erected under "The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865," and such Certificate shall have been filed in the Report Office of the Court of Chancery; and the Option of repurchasing the said Sites, and purchasing the said Erections and Buildings respectively, may be exercised by the said Society at any Time within Two Years after Notice to the .Treasurer of the said Society of the filing of such Certificate.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to acquire a Site for the Erection and Concentration of Courts of Justice, and of the various Offices belonging to the same.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS a Commission was issued in the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight, under the Sign Manual of Her Majesty, for the Purpose of inquiring into the Expediency of bringing together into One Place or Neighbourhood all the Superior Courts of Law and Equity, the Probate and Divorce Courts, and the Court of Admiralty, and the various Offices belonging to the same, and into the Means which existed or might be supplied for providing a Site or Sites, and for erecting suitable Buildings for carrying out the above Objects: And whereas the said Commission have reported to Her Majesty, that the Concentration of such Courts is expedient, and have recommended as a Site for the said Courts and Offices certain Houses, Buildings, and Lands situate in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes and the Liberty of the Rolls in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West in the City of London, but such Houses, Buildings, and Lands cannot be acquired without the Authority of Parliament: And whereas Duplicate Plans, describing the Situation of the said Houses, Buildings, and Lands, herein-after referred to as the prescribed Lands, with a Book of Reference thereto, containing the Names of the Owners and Lessees, or reputed Owners and Lessees, and of the Occupiers thereof, have been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex at his Office at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell, and

with

28° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

with the Clerk of the Peace for the Cily of London at his Office at the Sessions House in (the Old Bailey, and it is expedient that Powers should be given to the Commissioners of i Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings to purchase such Lands, and to provide

Accommodation for the said Courts and Offices or some of them Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as u The Courts of Justice Concentration (Site) Act, 1865."

Incorporation of Commissioners.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings for the Time being, herein-after referred to as " the Commissioners," shall be incorporated for the Purposes of this Act by the Name and Style of "The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, to be by them from Time to Time altered as they think fit, with Power to hold Lands for the Purposes and subject to the Provisions of this Act.

Acquisition of Site.

3. The Purposes of this Act are the Acquisition of a convenient Site for the Accommodation of the Superior Courts of Law and Equity or some of them, the Probate and Divorce Courts, and the Courts of Admiralty, and the various Offices connected with them, and of such other Courts for the Administration of Justice, and Offices connected therewith, or used for any other Purpose of legal Administration, as may from Time to Time be prescribed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and the providing of convenient Means of Access to the said Courts and Offices.

4. The Commissioners may, out of any Monies placed at their Disposal for that Object, purchase, take, and use for the Purposes of this Act all or any of the prescribed Lands.

5. All Lands purchased by the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, which were at the Time of such Purchase subject to Land Tax, to Poor or other Bates, shall continue liable thereto, but they shall not be assessed to any Tax or Rate on a higher rateable Value than that on which they were assessed on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

6. The Commissioners, their Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, may at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, upon giving Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing, enter into and upon any of the prescribed Lands for the Purpose of surveying or valuing the same.

7. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Act amending the same passed in the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, shall be incorporated with this Act, with the Exceptions and Additions and subject to the Provisions herein-after contained; (that is to say,)

(1.) There shall not be incorporated with this Act the Sections and Provisions of the " Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," herein-after mentioned, that is to say. Section Sixteen, whereby it is provided that the Capital is to be subscribed before the compulsory Powers are to be put in force; Section Seventeen, whereby it is provided that the Certificate of the Justices shall be Evidence that the Capital has been subscribed; or the Provisions relating to affording Access to the Special Act:

(2.) In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Acts this Act shall be deemed to be " the Special Act," and the Commissioners shall be deemed to be " the Promoters of the Undertaking:"

(3.) The Bond required by Section 85 of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners, and shall be sufficient without the Addition of the Sureties in the said Section mentioned:

(4.) The

241

[Short Title.]

Incorporation of Commissioners of Works for Purposes of Act.

Description of Purposes of Act

Power to Commissioners to purchase Lands.

Lands to continue subject to Land Tax and Rates.

Power to Commissioners to enter on Lands.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. and 23 & 24 Vict c. 106. incorporated.

Questions of disputed Compensation in London to be heard in the Lord Mayor's Court *

Extinction of Rights of Way and other Easements.

Commissioners to pay to Incumbents annual Sums for Loss of Fees, &c.

Compensation for Tithes or Rentcharges to be paid by Commissioners.

As to Claims for Compensation by yearly Tenants.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

(4.) The Term "Sheriff" used in the Provisions of the "Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," relating to the Reference to a Jury, shall, as regards any Part of the prescribed Lands within the City and Liberty of Westminster, be deemed to apply to the High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster or his Deputy.

8. In every Case in which any Question of disputed Compensation may be required to be determined by the Verdict, of a Jury, in the City of London or the Liberties thereof, the Jury shall be required to appear before the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London to be holden in the outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City according to the Custom of the said City, at a Time to be appointed by the said Court; and all the Directions and Provisions contained in " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," in respect to the Settlement of Questions of disputed Compensation by Juries appearing before the Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, shall extend and be applied with respect to the Settlement of any such Question of disputed Compensation under this Act by Juries appearing before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen as aforesaid; and the said Court shall give Judgment for the Purchase Money or Compensation assessed by such Jury; and a Verdict and Judgment shall be signed by the Registrar of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and entered among the Records of the said Court, and the said Registrar shall settle the Costs of every such Inquiry.

9. Upon the Purchase by the Commissioners of the prescribed Lands or any Part thereof, all Rights of Way, Rights of laying down or of continuing any Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, on, through, or under such Lands or Part thereof, and all other Rights or Easements in or relating to such Land or Part thereof, shall be extinguished, and all the Soil of such Ways, and the Property in the Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, shall vest in the Commissioners, subject to this Provision, that all Persons and Bodies of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, may recover from the Commissioners such Compensation, if any, as they may be entitled to under the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for any Rights or Property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this Section, the Amount of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

10. The Commissioners shall pay an annual Sum to each of the Persons herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

The Rector of Saint Clement Danes in the City of Westminster;

The Perpetual Curate of Saint Thomas, Liberty of the Rolls, in the County of Middlesex;

The Rector of the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West in the City of London, by way of Compensation for the Loss of all such Easter Dues, Oblations, Surplice Fees, or other customary Payments that may be taken away in consequence of carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act. Such Payments shall be made half-yearly on the First Day of January and the First Day of July in each Year. The Amount payable to each such Person shall be calculated on an Average of the Amount received by him in respect of the said customary Payments on an Average of the Three Years immediately preceding the passing of this Act, and in the event of Difference shall be definitively settled by an Arbitrator appointed by Her Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being.

The first of the above-mentioned half-yearly Payments shall be made on the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

11. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice the Right of any Rector or other Ecclesiastical Person to any Tithe, or Rentcharge in lieu thereof, charged upon or payable out of any Lands purchased by the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time pay the said Tithe or Rentcharge, when the same shall become due, out of any Monies that may be in their Hands applicable thereto.

12. All Claims for Compensation made upon the Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act or any Act incorporated herewith shall, if the Person claiming to be entitled to Compensation has no greater Interest than as Tenant for a Year or from Year to Year in the Lands in respect of which the Compensation'is claimed, be determined in

manner

) oie

243

28" VICTORIAE, c. 49.

manner provided by the One hundred and twenty-first Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

13. The Limit for the compulsory Purchase of Lands under this Act shall be Five Limits for com-Years. P^80^Purchases.

14. The Commissioners may, for the Purpose of improving the Approaches, or of providing Power to pur-convenient Roads, Bridges over, or Tunnels under Streets, or other Modes of Access to the proposed Courts of Justice and the Offices connected therewith, acquire by Purchase or CourUand otherwise any Lands or Interest in Lands or Easements, and for the Purposes of such Offices by Acquisition the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act shall be deemed to apply, with the A8reement-Exception of so much thereof as relates to the Purchase of Lands otherwise than by Agreement.

15. The Commissioners may pull down and remove any Buildings on the prescribed Powers to Lands, and may construct thereon such Buildings and Works, and do all such other Things,

as may in their Opinion be necessary or expedient in order to carry into effect the Purposes \vorka. of this Act or any of them.

16. Where any Works to be done under or by virtue of this Act shall or may pass over, For Protection under, or by the Side of or so as to interfere with any Main Sewer under the Jurisdiction of Sewers of or Control of the Metropolitan Board of Works, the Commissioners shall not commence ^Jd^fltaD such Work until they shall have given to the said Metropolitan Board Fourteen Days Works, previous Notice in Writing of their Intention to commence the same, by leaving such Notice

at the principal Office of such Board, with a Plan and Section showing the Course and Inclination thereof, and other necessary Particulars relating thereto, and until such Board shall have signified their Approval of the same, unless such Board do not signify their Approval, Disapproval, or other Directions within Fourteen Days after Service of the said Plans, Sections, and Particulars as aforesaid; and the Commissioners shall comply with and conform to all Orders, Directions, and Regulations of the said Metropolitan Board in the Execution of the said Works, and shall provide, by new, altered, or substituted Works, in such Manner as such Board may deem necessary, for the proper Protection of and for preventing Injury or Impediment to the Main Sewers herein-before referred to, by or by reason of the said intended Works or any Part thereof, and shall save harmless the said Metropolitan Board against any Expense to be occasioned thereby; and all such last-mentioned Works shall be done by or under the Direction, Superintendence, and Control of the Engineer or other Officer or Officers of the said Metropolitan Board, at the Expense in all respects of the Commissioners; and all Expenses which the said Metropolitan Board may be put to by reason of the Works of the Commissioners, whether in the Execution of Works, the Preparation or Examination of Plans or Designs, Superintendence, or otherwise, shall be paid to such Board by the Commissioners; and when any new, altered, or substituted Works as aforesaid, or any Works connected therewith, shall be completed, by or at the Expense of the Commissioners, under the Provisions of this Act, the same shall thereafter be as fully and completely under the Direction, Jurisdiction, and Control of the said Metropolitan Board as any Sewers or Works now are or hereafter may be; and nothing in this Act shall extend to prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities of the said Metropolitan Board, but all such Rights,

Powers, and Authorities shall be as valid and effectual as if this Act had not been passed; provided that no Renewal or Alteration, other than a Change of Site of existing Works, shall be deemed new Works under this Act; and if the Commissioners shall complain of any withholding of Consent on the Part of the said Board, or of any Orders and Directions and Regulations, or of any Charges sought to be imposed by such Board upon the Commissioners, in the Execution of any such Works, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department for the Time being to determine every such Difference, and by Order under his Hand to authorize the Works, and the Manner of executing the same, as he shall think fit; and after the Date of the Application by the Commissioners to the said Secretary of State no Penalty shall be incurred by any Default of the Commissioners in respect of or in relation to such Works, or the Matters in difference between the Parties.

17. Nothing

244

Saving Rights of the Commissioners of Sewers.

Exemption from Building Act.

No Notice to be given to purchase Property until a Certificate has been received by the Treasury from Persons appointed under 28 Vict. c. 48. to advise, &c. as to Plan-

No Purchases to be without the Authority of the Treasury.

Authentication of Notices.

Orders concerning Money paid* into Court may be made at Chambers.

Penalty for obstructing Commissioners in Exercise of Power.

Deeds not liable to Stamp Duty.

Deeds to be enrolled in Court of Exchequer.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 49.

17. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, with respect to Bell Yard, Fleet Street, in the City of London.

18. All Buildings erected on the prescribed Lands shall be exempt from the Operation of the First Part of "The Metropolitan Buildings Act, 1855."

19. No Notice shall be given of the Intention to take any Property under this Act, nor shall any Contract be entered into for the Purchase of any Property, until a Certificate in Writing shall have been received by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, signed by the major Part in Number of the Persons appointed by Her Majesty under "The Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865," to advise and concur with the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury with reference to the Plan and Arrangements of the Buildings to be erected upon the Lands hereby authorized to be taken, stating that they are satisfied that the Lands to be acquired under this Act, of which a Plan has been laid before Parliament, are sufficient for all the Purposes of the intended new Courts and Buildings connected therewith, and that the probable Cost of the said Lands and Buildings will not exceed the Amount of the Funds provided under "The Courts of Justice Building Act, 1865," for those Purposes.

Miscellaneous.

20. No Purchase shall be made by the Commissioners for the Purposes of the Act without the Consent in Writing of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, but it shall not be necessary for any Vendor or any Purchaser from the said Commissioners to ascertain that such Assent has been given, nor shall the Commissioners be bound to produce to any such Vendor or Purchaser any Evidence of such Assent; and any such Assent may be given either generally, or for any particular Purchase or Purchases, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury may seem meet.

21. Every Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be given, issued, or signed by or on behalf of the Commissioners may be given, issued, or signed by the Solicitor or Secretary for the Time being of the Commissioners, and need not be under the Common Seal of the Commissioners, and may be in Writing or in Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print.

22. All Orders which under this Act the Court of Chancery is empowered to make on Motion or Petition, in relation to any Money paid into the Bank of England with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery under this Act, or the Securities in or upon which the same may be invested, or the Dividends or Interest on such Money and Securities, may be made by any Judge of the said Court upon Application to him, while sitting at Chambers, upon Summons, in like Manner as in other Cases in which Proceedings may be so had, subject nevertheless to any General Orders which may hereafter be made concerning the Practice, Proceedings, or Business of the said Court, on any such Applications.

23. If any Person wilfully obstruct any Person acting under the Authority of the Commissioners in the lawful Exercise of the Powers vested in them under this Act, he shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered in a summary Manner.

24. No Deed, Bond, or other Instrument made by, to, or with the Commissioners for any of the Purposes of this Act shall be subject to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments arc specially charged therewith in such future Act.

25. Every Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument whereby any Land by this Act authorized to be purchased is conveyed or assigned to the Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, shall be enrolled amongst the Records of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and entered in the Books of the said Commissioners; and every such Conveyance, Assignment, or other Deed or Instrument, when so enrolled, shall, without any other

Enrolment

245

28° VICTORIAE, c. 49, 50.

Enrolment or Acknowledgment thereof, and without any Registry thereof, be good and available in Law, any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

26. A Copy of the Plans of the prescribed Lands shall be deposited at the Office of the Commissioners, and shall remain at the said Office, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling, have Liberty to inspect the same.

CAP. L.

An Act for regulating the keeping of Dogs, and for the Protection of Sheep and other Property from Dogs, in Ireland.

[19th June 1865.]

WHEREAS much Loss and Damage is suffered in Ireland by the Owners of Sheep and other Property by the Ravages of Dogs, and there is great Difficulty in

identifying the Owners of such Dogs: And whereas it is expedient to regulate the

keeping of Dogs Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1865."

2. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

3. This Act shall extend to Ireland only.

4 —

The Expression " Registrar," as used in this Act, shall mean the Registrar under the Petty Sessions Clerks (Ireland) Act, 1858:

The Expression " Lord Lieutenant," as used in this Act, shall mean the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland:

The Expression " Chief or Under Secretary," as used in this Act, shall mean the Chief or Under Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland:

The Expression <(Petty Sessions Clerk," as used in this Act, shall mean the Clerk of any Petty Sessions Court under the " Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and the " Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858," and shall include the Chief or other Clerk of any Police Court in the Police District of Dublin Metropolis:

The Expression " Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions," as used in this Act, shall include any Divisional Justice of Dublin Metropolitan Police; and the Expression " Petty Sessions District," as used in this Act, shall include the Police District of the Dublin Metropolis.

PART L

5# The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide all necessary Dies for denoting, either by impressed or adhesive Stamps, the Amount or Value of Licenses according to the Scale fixed in Schedule A. to this Act annexed; and the Registrar shall, under the Direction and Supervision of the Chief or Under Secretary, cause a sufficient Supply of the Forms in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed to be printed; and the said Commissioners shall cause any of such Forms to be stamped according to this Act with proper Stamps denoting the License Duty thereon; and the Registrar shall cause the same, when so stamped, and also any adhesive Stamps that may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act, 28 VICT. I i to

Plans to be deposited in the Office of Works, &c., and be open for Inspection.

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

Only to extend to Ireland.

Interpretation

Clause.

Commissioners of Inland Revenue to provide Dies for denoting License Duty.

246

Licence to keep Pogt, &c.

Occupiers to be liable to Payment of License Duty.

Joint Occupiers.

Clerk to make Entry of License in Book to be kept for that Purpose.

Proceedings on Transfer of Dog by Sale or Gift.

Power to Justices to enforce Payment of Fees in certain Cases.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 50.

to be from Time to Time furnished to the several Petty Sessions Clerks in Ireland; and for the Purposes aforesaid the said Commissioners shall supply the Registrar with such stamped Forms and adhesive Stamps for denoting the Amount or Value of any of such Licenses, under such Rules and Regulations as the Chief or Under Secretary shall from Time to Time make or direct

6. Any Person, after the Commencement of this Act, having in his Possession or Custody any Dog or Dogs, shall, on or before the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year, take out a License for such Dog or Dogs in the Petty Sessions District in which he shall reside; and the Petty Sessions Clerk, upon Payment by such Person of the proper License Duty, shall deliver such License to such Person, which shall entitle such Person to keep such Dog or Dogs for One Year from and after the Date of such License: Provided always, that where the Owner of a Dog or Dogs has given the Custody of such Dog or Dogs to another Person who shall not reside in the same Petty Sessions District as the Owner, the License for such Dog or Dogs shall be taken out by the Person having the Custody of such Dog or Dogs, and not by the Owner.

7. The Occupier of any House or Premises where any Dog or Dogs are kept or permitted to live or remain shall be liable to pay the License Duty for such Dog or Dogs, and in default of such Payment shall be liable to the Penalties incurred by Persons keeping unlicensed Dogs, unless the said Occupier can prove to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices that he is not the Owner or has not the Custody of such Dog or Dogs, and that such Dog or Dogs were kept or permitted to live or remain in the said House or Premises without his Sanction or Knowledge: Provided always, that where there are more Occupiers than One in any House or Premises let in separate Apartments or Lodgings, or otherwise, the Occupier of that particular Part of the Premises in which such Dog or Dogs shall have been kept or permitted to live and remain shall be liable to pay the License Duty for such Dog or Dogs.

8. Every Petty Sessions Clerk shall keep a Book to be provided by the Registrar, and to be called " the Registry of Dogs License Book," in which he shall register the Issue of such License, the Date thereof, and the Name and Residence of the Person to whom issued, as also the Description of the Dog or Dogs as contained in the License, which Book shall be open to the Inspection of the Registrar and his Clerks, and of every Justice of the Peace, County Inspector, Sub-Inspector, Head or other Constable of Constabulary, and of every Superintendent, Head or other Constable of the Dublin Metropolitan or other local Police Force; and the Petty Sessions Clerk shall certify at the Foot or on the Back of every such License that the same has been duly registered, and shall affix to every such Certificate of Registry a Sixpenny Petty Sessions Stamp, to be paid for by the Person taking out the License.

9. Where any Dog shall be transferred by Sale or Gift by its Owner to any other Person, it shall not be necessary for such Person to take out a new License for such Dog if such Dog shall have been licensed within the Year, but such Person shall obtain from the Petty Sessions Clerk of the District where the License was issued a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule (D.) to this Act annexed, to which Certificate a Sixpenny Petty Sessions Stamp shall be affixed to be paid by the Person requiring the same, and such Person shall, within Fifteen Days after such Transfer, cause such Certificate to be registered in the " Registry of Dogs License Book " for the Petty Sessions District in which the Person to whom such Transfer shall have been made resides, and the Petty Sessions Clerk of such District shall, on Application, register such Certificate, and shall certify such Registry at the Foot or at the Back of the Certificate, and no Fee or Stamp Duty shall be payable on such Registry; and in default of causing such Registry to be made such Person shall be liable to the Penalties incurred by Persons keeping unlicensed Dogs.

10. In case the Person who shall be liable, under the Provisions of this Act, to pay such Fee of Sixpence upon every such Certificate of the Registry of such License, shall fail to make such Payment, it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices at Petty Sessions to make a summary Order, on the Complaint of the Clerk of such Petty Sessions, to require the

Payment

247

28° VICTORIAE, c. 50.

Payment of such Fee; and such Order shall be enforced in like Manner as any Order of a Justice or Justices may now be enforced under the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same: Provided always, that every Petty Sessions Clerk shall, when required so to do, and as a Part of his Duty, and without Charge, properly fill up all Licenses purchased of him under the Provisions of this Act.

11. Every Petty Sessions Clerk shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of April in each Year after the Commencement of this Act, cause a sufficient Number of Lists to be printed or written in the Form in the Schedule (C.) to this Act annexed, and shall cause such List8 to be posted on or near to the Doors of every Petty Sessions Court and Police Station and Barrack within his District, and shall furnish a Copy of such Lists to the Clerk of each Poor Law Union in his District, and to the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County in which his District is situate. The Cost of printing and posting such Lists shall be defrayed by the Registrar.

12. Every Petty Sessions Clerk shall account with the Registrar for all Licenses or License Stamps issued to him; and such Account shall be made, passed, and audited in such Form and Manner and at such Times as the Lord Lieutenant shall for that Purpose direct

13. Every such Account shall be verified by the Affidavit or Affirmation of the Petty Sessions Clerk, to be made before the Registrar or One of the Justices of the District or One of the Districts to which the said Clerk shall belong.

14. The Lord Lieutenant may from Time to Time make Regulations for the Allowance of such of the Licenses or License Stamps issued under the Provisions of this Act as may have been spoiled or rendered useless or unfit for the Purpose intended, or which through Mistake or Inadvertence may have been improperly or unnecessarily used.

15. All the Costs and Expenses incurred by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue and Registrar under this Act shall be paid out of the Monies arising from the Sale of Licenses under this Act, and any surplus Monies arising from such Sale, and remaining in the Hands of such Registrar after defraying all Expenses incurred by him under this Act, shall be paid over by him once a Year to the Credit of the Treasurer of the County or Borough, as the Case may be, in which such Licenses shall have been sold, in such Manner as the Lord Lieutenant shall direct, to be applied by such Treasurer in aid of the County or Borough Rates, as the Case may be, in such Manner as the Grand Jury or Town Council of such County or Borough shall direct: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant from Time to Time, by any Writing under his Hand, to direct that the Registrar shall have and be allowed to retain such annual Sum as the Lord Lieutenant may think fit, by way of Remuneration for the Trouble incurred by the Registrar and his Clerks and by the Petty Sessions Clerks respectively in performing the Duties imposed on them by this Act.

16. The Monies received by the Clerk of Petty Sessions for the Petty Sessions Stamps to be used for the Purposes of this Act shall be subject in all respects to the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions Clerk (Ireland) Act, 1858."

17. The Registrar shall make out and prepare an annual Statement of his Accounts under this Act at such Time and in such Form as the Lord Lieutenant shall direct, and such Accounts shall be annually laid before Parliament

18. The Registrar shall, in sufficient Time before the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, furnish to the Clerks of Petty Sessions printed Notices, which the said Clerks shall, on or before the said Thirty-first Day of December, cause to be fixed or placed on the Outside of the several Church and Chapel Doors or other public and conspicuous Buildings or Places within their respective Districts, and which Notices shall specify the several Acts required to be done for the Purpose of registering any Dog or Dogs under the Provisions of this Act.

Petty Sessions Clerk shall fill up Forms, when required.

Lists of Licenses to be printed and posted.

Petty Sessions Clerk to ao-count with the Registrar half-yearly.

Accounts to be verified.

Allowance for Licenses or License Stamps spoiled, Ac.

Repayment of Expenses.

Monies received for Stamps to be subject to 21 & 22 Vict. c. 100.

Accounts to be presented to Parliament.

Registrar to furnish Notices setting forth Acts required to be done under this Act

Ii 2

Part

Provisions of the Stamp Acts, as far as applicable, to be extended to this Act

Penalty on Owners of Doga not having the same licensed.

Penalty for refusing to produce License.

Recovery of Penalties.

Application of Penalties.

No Penalty where Failure not wilful.

28° VICTORIAE, c. 50.

PART II.

Penalties.

19. The Provisions contained in the several Acts for the Time being in force relating to Stamps under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall (so far as the same are applicable, and consistent with the Provisions of this Act,) in all Cases not hereby provided for be in full Force and Effect with respect to the Stamps to be provided under the Provisions of this Act, and shall be applied and put in execution for preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Provisions had been adapted to and specially enacted by this Act in reference to the Stamps hereby provided.

20. Any Person who shall, from and after the Thirty-first Day of March in each Year after the Commencement of this Act, have in his Possession or Custody any Dog or Dogs not duly licensed in accordance with the Provisions of this Act, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds; and the Justice or Justices shall further order such Person forthwith to take out a License for such Dog or Dogs; and the Petty Sessions Clerk shall thereupon issue such License upon Payment of the proper License Duty by such Person, and such License shall be held to be valid to the Thirty-first Day of March next following the Date of such License; and if after such Order such Person shall continue to keep any Dog or Dogs without having obtained a License, he shall, in addition to the Penalty imposed for the Second and any subsequent Offence, pay a Sum not exceeding One Shilling for each Day he shall have kept a Dog without License.

21. Every Person having in his Possession or Custody any Dog or Dogs shall produce the License for such Dog or Dogs whenever so required by a Justice of the Peace, Officer, Head or other Constable of Constabulary or of the Dublin Metropolitan or other local Police Force, and in case of Refusal he shall, if licensed, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Shillings.

22. Every Penalty recoverable under the Provisions of this Act shall be recoverable in a summary Way, with respect to the Police District of Dublin Metropolis subject and according to the Provisions of any Act regulating the Powers and Duties of Justices of the Peace for such District or of the Police of such District, and with respect to other Parts of Ireland, before a Justice or Justices of the Peace sitting in Petty Sessions, subject and according to the Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same, and shall be applied according to the Provisions of "The Fines Act (Ireland), 1851/* and any Act amending the same.

23. No Penalty shall be exacted in any Case where it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Justice or Justices that the Person failing to comply with the Provisions of this Act has not wilfully been guilty of such Failure, but that such Failure has been occasioned by Accident; provided always, that such Justice or Justices shall forthwith order such Person to take out a License for the Dog or Dogs in his Possession or Custody, or otherwise comply with the Provisions of this Act, and that such Person shall forthwith comply with such Order.

SCHEDULES. SCHEDULE (A.)

Schedule. Duty.

For every License to keep One Dog, For every License to keep Two or more Dogs ... £ s. d. 0 2 0 r 0 2 0 \ For each Dog.

249

28° VICTORIAE, c. 50.

SCHEDULE (B.)

I hereby certify, That A.B.

[Farmer], residing at in the Townland

of in the Parish of in the County of

has this Day taken out a License for the Year ending for the Dog or Dogs described at the Foot hereof, and paid the Sum of

being the License Duty imposed in respect of such Dog or Dogs by the " Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1865."

Number of Dogs. Colour. Description.

Dated this Day of 18 .

(Signed) C.D.,

Clerk of

Petty Sessions.

Note. — In Cases where an Owner or Master of a Pack of Hounds, Harriers, or Beagles, or an Owner of several Greyhounds, takes out a License, the Number of such Dogs need only be given; but where a License is taken out for other Dogs, the Colour and Description of each Dog should be given as far as possible.

No. in \ J hereby certify, That this License has been duly registered in the " Registry Registry Book, f of Logs License Book" kept for that Purpose by me, pursuant to Section

__________J Eight of the " Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1865."

Dated this Day of 18

(Signed) (7.D.,

Clerk of

Petty Sessions.

Place for Petty Sessions Stamp.

SCHEDULE (C.)

I hereby certify. That the following Persons have taken out Licenses in the Petty Sessions District of in the County of for the Number of Dogs set opposite their Names for the Year ending

Name. Residence. Number of Dogs.

Dated this Day of 18

(Signed) C.D., Clerk of

Petty Sessions.

250

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 50, 51.

Power to make Contracts for Works.

SCHEDULE (D.)

I hereby certify, That A.B.

[Farmer] residing at in the Townland of

in the Parish of in the County of

has paid the License Duty, under the "Dogs Regulation (Ireland) Act, 1865," for the Dog described at the Foot hereof for the Year ending 18

Colour. Description.

Dated this Day of 18

(Signed) CD.,

Clerk of

Petty Sessions.

Place for

Petty Sessions Stamp.

CAP. LI.

An Act to enable the Admiralty to contract for certain Works in connexion with the Extension of Her Majesty's Dockyards.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Her Majesty's Dockyards at Portsmouth and Chatham

be greatly extended, and it would conduce to Economy in the Execution of the

1 Works if the Commissioners of the Admiralty were empowered to take Contracts for

Portions thereof extending over a Series of Years

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Expenses to be incurred in the Execution of the Works described in the First Schedule to this Act, for the Extension of Her Majesty's Dockyards at Portsmouth and Chatham, shall be defrayed out of Money to be provided by Parliament for that Purpose; and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral may accordingly, before the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, enter into Contracts on behalf of Her Majesty for the Execution of Portions of those Works, subject to the following Conditions: —

First, that the total Amounts to be made payable under all or any such Contracts for Works at the said Dockyards respectively do not exceed the respective Sums stated with reference thereto in the Second Golumn of the Second Schedule to this Act.

Secondly, that the Amounts to be made payable under all or any such Contracts in any Period of Twelve Months do not exceed the respective Sums stated with reference thereto in the Third Column of the same Schedule.

Thirdly, that the Duration of any such Contract do not exceed the respective Number of Years stated with reference thereto in the Fourth Column of the same Schedule.

2. A Copy

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 51, 52.

2. A Copy of every Contract entered into by virtue of this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the same is entered into, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Parliament.

3. This Act may be cited as The Dockyard Extensions Act, 1865.

The FIRST SCHEDULE.

Dockyard. Works designed. Total estimated Expenditure from 1st April 1865.

Portsmouth | Construction of an Avant Port or Tidal Basin { 1 on Eastern Shore of Harbour to North of present Dockyard, and of Repairing Basin, Rigging Basin, and Fitting-out Basin, with Five Docks and Two Locks con- £

nected therewith - 1, 497, 500

Chatham - 1 Inclosure of St. Mary's Island and Creek in 1 extension Northwards of present Dock-| yard, and Construction thereon of Repairing Basin, Factory Basin, and Fitting-out Basin, with Two Docks, One Lock, and J 1 t

Factory Buildings connected therewith - 1, 096, 120

The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Dockyard. Maximum of Contracts. Maximum to be made payable in any Twelve Months. Maximum Duration of Contracts.

Portsmouth - 700,000 250,000 5 Years.

Chatham 650,000 200,000 5 Years.

CAP. LII.

An Act to amend u The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Acts (Ireland)? and to afford farther Facilities for the Purposes thereof.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Twenty-

" sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-eight: And whereas a further Act was passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Twenty-i seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, intituled An Act to explain certain Provisions contained in the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863: And whereas it is expedient that further Facilities should be given for the Punjoses of the said Acts, and that the said Acts should be amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Amendment Act (Ireland)y 1865."

2. In

251

Contracts to be laid before Houses of Parliament.

[Short Title.]

26 & 27 Vict. c. 88.

27 & 28 Vict c. 72.

[Short Title.]

Copies of Inspectors Reports to be lodged with Clerk of the Peace.

Part of Sect. 38. of first-recited Act repealed, and Commissioners of Public Works empowered to advance Monies necessary for the Works.

All the Provisions of former Acts with respect to Loans to apply to Loans under this Act

Nothing in the Acts construed to render legal Works that would have been illegal if Acts had not passed.

Districts in which this Act to apply.

This and recited Act to be as One.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 52, 53.

2. In all Cases in which Copies of the Schedules, Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates in respect of the Formation of any District, signed by the Inspector appointed by the Commissioners of Public Works, shall be lodged with the Clerk of the Peace, as directed by Section Six, Number Three, of the said first-recited Act, Copies of the Inspector's Report referring to such Maps, Plans, Sections, and Estimates shall be lodged therewith,

3. So much of the Thirty-eighth Section of the said first-recited Act as provides that no Issue or Instalment of any Loan or Advance shall be made unless the said Commissioners shall be satisfied that the Drainage Board have previously bona fide expended a Sum of Money equal to the Amount of such Issue or Instalment in the Drainage and Improvement of such District, and that in no Case shall any such Loan or Advance be made exceeding One Moiety of the Monies proposed to be expended on the Drainage and Improvement of such District, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and the said Commissioners of Public Works are hereby empowered (with the Sanction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by such Instalments and subject to such Rules and Regulations as the said last-mentioned Commissioners may think proper,) to advance any Sum or Sums of Money which the said Commissioners of Public Works may think necessary and proper for the Execution of the Works in any District, and for defraying the Expenses which the said Commissioners may consider properly connected therewith: Provided that no Second or subsequent Instalment of any such Loan shall be made until it shall have been proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Public Works that the preceding Instalment has been properly expended in the Execution of the Works in such District.

4. All the Provisions in the said recited Acts or either of them contained with respect to Loans or Advances made by the said Commissioners of Public Works, and the Security and Repayment thereof, and the making of the final Awards by the Commissioners of Public Works, shall be deemed and taken to apply to all Loans to be made by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of this Act.

5. It is hereby declared, that as against any Person owning or interested in any Land or other Property situate beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of any Board established by the said first-recited Act, nothing contained in the said Act, or in any Provisional Order, or any Act confirming the same, shall be construed to render legal any Work executed or to be executed by such Board that would, if the said Acts had not been passed, have been illegal by reason of its injuriously affecting such Land or Property; and any Damages adjudged to be paid by the said Board to any Person as aforesaid shall be deemed to be Part of the Costs incurred by such Board in defending legal Proceedings instituted against them, and shall be defrayed in the Manner in which the said Costs are authorized to be defrayed by the said " Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863."

6. All the Provisions of this Act shall be deemed and taken to apply to Districts in respect of which the Commissioners of Public Works have heretofore made Provisional Orders under the said first-recited Act.

7. This Act and the recited Acts shall be read together and construed as One Act.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to confirm a Provisional Order under "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act, 1863," and the Act amending the same.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have, in pursuance of a Tim Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863," and the Act amending the same, duly made the Provisional Order contained in the Schedule to this Act

253

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 53.

Act annexed, and it is by the said last-mentioned Act provided that no such Order shall (be of any Validity whatsoever until it shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed / Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed is hereby ProTuional confirmed, and from and after the passing of this Act shall be deemed to be a Public c>rder in Sohe-General Act of Parliament of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had dule confirmed* been enacted in the Body of this Act.

[Short Title.]

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental Act (No. 2. Ireland), 1865."

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

DRAINAGE AND IMPROVEMENT OF LANDS ACT (IRELAND), 1863.

In the Matter of Kilmastulla Drainage District in the County of Tipperary.

Whereas certain proprietors of and persons interested in the lands upon and adjacent to the Kilmastulla River, in the county of Tipperary, on or about the 23d day of March 1864 presented their petition to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, under the provisions of the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland), 1863, accompanied by the proper schedules, maps, plans, sections, and estimates, together with other particulars and information required by the said Act, showing by reference to the said maps the boundaries and area of the proposed drainage district, and stating the exigencies rendering the formation of such drainage district necessary, and praying that the said lands within the proposed district should be constituted a separate drainage district under the provisions of the said Act.

And whereas the said Commissioners referred the same to Samuel U. Roberts, Esq., Civil Engineer, an inspector duly appointed under the said Act.

And whereas all notices and inquiries required by the said Act have been duly given and made, and the said inspector has duly reported to us the said Commissioners in writing the result of his inquiries; and we the said Commissioners have duly considered the same, and no objections to the report of the said inspector has been made to us.

And whereas all preliminaries required by the said Act to precede the making of this Provisional Order have been performed and complied with.

And whereas we, the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, upon consideration of the premises, are satisfied of the propriety of constituting the proposed separate drainage district, and that the proprietors of two third parts in value of the lands in the proposed district are in favour thereof, and have subsequently to the date of the report of the said inspector assented thereto in writing.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power given to us by the said Act, we the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, do by this Provisional Order under our common seal constitute the area in the said petition and report, and the boundaries and extent of which are set forth within yellow lines on the map to which we have caused our common seal to be attached, (and which map is deposited in the office of Public Works in Ireland,) a separate drainage district by the name of the Kilmastulla drainage district, and we do declare that the lands to be purchased for the proposed works in such district (subject to such alterations and deviations therefrom as we the said Commissioners may hereafter sanction) are the lands in that behalf shown and set forth in the said map and the schedule thereto annexed marked with the letter B. and alqp sealed with our common seal.

And we the said Commissioners of Public Works do, by this our Order, order and direct that the time for completion of the necessary works in the said district shall be limited to the First day of August which will be in the year 1868.

28 & 29 Vict. K k And

254

27 Q. 3.

(I)

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 53, 54.

And we do further by this our Provisional Order make the following regulations with respect to the Drainage Board:

That the Drainage Board for the said district shall consist of seven members.

That the following persons shall be the members of the first Drainage Board, viz: —

The Right Honourable Lord Baron Dunally-Kilboy, county Tipperary;

William H. Carroll, Tulla House;

Christopher Keays, of Gortmore Cottage;

George Cashel, of Shallee House;

William Bonfield, of Gortmore;

William Vere Cruiss, Silver Street;

All in the county of Tipperary, Esquires, and William Tuthili of Upper Mount Street in the City of Dublin, Esquire.

That the first meeting of the said Board shall be summoned by notice under the hands of any two or more of the said board, published in the Dublin Gazette and some newspaper generally circulated in the said district, at least fourteen days next before the day of meeting.

That the qualification of any subsequent member of the said Board shall be, that he shall be the proprietor (as defined by the said Acts and the Acts referred to therein or incorporated therewith) of not less than twenty acres of land situate within the area of the said district, or the land agent for the time being of a person being a proprietor as aforesaid of not less than one hundred acres of land situate within the area of said district and acting as receiver of the rents and profits of such lands.

That the members of the first board shall vacate their offices on the first Thursday in September in the year following the date of this Provisional Order.

That the electors for members of the Drainage Board shall be the persons in that behalf mentioned in the said Act: Provided always, that no such elector shall be entitled to vote pr exercise any privilege as such unless the land of which he is the proprietor or some portion thereof shall be rateable on account of the works in the district, and he shall have previously paid all rates and arrears of rates which may be payable by him in respect of any drainage rate for the aforesaid district.

In witness whereof we the said Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland have hereunto caused our common seal to be affixed, this Third day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

E. Hornsby, (Seal.)

Office of Public Works, Dublin. Secretary.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to alter the Days between which Pheasants may not be killed in Ireland.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-seventh - Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Thirty-five, c. S5. intituled An Act for the Preservation of Game, it was enacted (amongst other things) (that from and after the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-seven (every Person who shall wilfully kill or destroy any Pheasant between the Tenth Day of w January and the First Day of September in any Year shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding (Five Pounds for every such Pheasant: And whereas these Days having been found inconvenient it is expedient to alter them:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and

Temporal,

255

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 54, 55.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act so much of the said recited Act of the Twenty- Part of reseventh George the Third as relates to the killing or destroying any Pheasant between the Tenth Day of January and the First Day of September in any Year shall be and the repeal same is declared to be hereby repealed.

2. From and after the passing of this Act no Person or Persons shall on any Pretence Fixing Period whatsoever kill or destroy any Pheasant between the First Day of February and the shooting First Day of October in any Year and if any Person or Persons shall do so he or they jreUni^* m shall be liable to the same Penalty aB by the before-recited Act is laid upon every Person

or Persons transgressing the same,

3. This Act shall be held to apply to Ireland only. Limit of Act.

CAP. LV.

An Act to empower the University of Oxford to make Statutes as to the Vinerian Foundation in that University.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to extend the Powers of making Statutes possessed by the University of Oxford; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the said University may, with the view of better promoting the teaching and Power to Uni* Study of the Law in the said University, vary by Statute all or any of the Directions,

Trusts, and Regulations now in force relating to the Vinerian Professorship and the the Vinerian Vinerian Fellowship and Scholarships respectively, and to the Application of the Funds Foundation, held in trust by the said University under the Will of Charles Finer Esquire, deceased:

Provided, that Part of the Income of such Funds shall always be applied to the teaching of Law, and the Residue towards encouraging the Study of the Law by means of Fellowships or Scholarships or both, and that the Name of the said Charles Finer, or the Title Vinerian, shall always be retained in connexion with the said Foundation: Provided also, that the Interests of the present Professor, Fellow, and Scholars respectively on the said Vinerian Foundation shall not, without their respective Consents, be altered or affected by any such Statute; but every Person who, after the passing of this Act, may be elected a Vinerian Professor, or Fellow, or Scholar, shall be subject to any Statute to be afterwards made by the University under the Powers of this Act as fully as if he had been elected under such Statute.

2. All the Provisions of the Oxford University Act, 1862, as to Statutes of the Uni- Provisions of versity passed by virtue thereof, shall extend and apply to Statutes of the University cfat. to apply made by virtue of this Act; and the Oxford University Act, 1862, and this Act, shall to Statutes

be construed together as One Act. undep Act-

3. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Oxford University, Vinerian Founda- Short Title, tion. Act, 1865."

Kk 2

256

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Parties lodging in Premises or encamping on Land, without Permission, guilty of an Offence.

Apprehension and Punishment of Offenders.

As to Prosecutions under Act

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 56, 57.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to provide for the better Prevention of Trespass in Scotland.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for the better Prevention of Trespass in Scotland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Trespass (Scotland) Act, 1865/ '

2. In this Act the following Words shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them:

"Premises" shall mean and include any House, Barn, Stable, Shed, Loft, Granary, Outhouse, Garden, Stackyard, Court, Close, or inclosed Place:

(< Magistrate" shall mean and include the Sheriff and Sheriff Substitute, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any One or more Magistrate or Magistrates, having Jurisdiction respectively in the County or Burgh where any Offence against the Provisions of this Act is committed, or where any Person charged with such Offence is found or brought to Trial:

" Procurator Fiscal" shall mean and include the Procurator Fiscal of the Court having such Jurisdiction.

3. Every Person who lodges in any Premises, or occupies or encamps on any Land, being private Property, without the Consent and Permission of the Owner or legal Occupier of such Premises or Land, and every Person who encamps or lights a Fire on or near any private Road or enclosed or cultivated Land, or in or near any Plantation, without the Consent and Permission of the Owner or legal Occupier of such Road, Land, or Plantation, or on or near any Turnpike Road, Statute Labour Road, or other Highway, shall be guilty of an Offence punishable as herein-after provided.

4. Every Person who commits any Offence against the Provisions of this Act may, if found in the Act of committing the same by any Officer of Police or Constable, be apprehended by such Officer or Constable, and detained in any Prison, Police Station, Lock-up, or other Place of safe Custody, and not later than in the course of the next lawful Day after he shall have been so taken into Custody shall be brought before a Magistrate; and every Person charged with the Commission of any such Offence may, if not so taken into Custody, or if he shall have been liberated on Bail or Pledge, be summoned to appear before a Magistrate, and on being convicted of such Offence on his own Confession, or on the Evidence of One or more credible Witnesses, shall for a First Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings, or to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Fourteen Days, and for a Second or any subsequent Offence shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings, or to Imprisonment for any Period not exceeding Twenty-one Days.

5. Every Prosecution for an Offence against the Provisions of this Act shall be raised and proceeded in at the Instance of the Procurator Fiscal, and shall be heard and determined by One or more Magistrate or Magistrates in a summary Form; and every such Prosecution shall be commenced within One Month after the Offence has been committed.

21 & 22 Vict. ©. 57.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend certain Provisions in "The Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to the Interpretation of certain Provisions of the Ecclesiastical Leasing Act, 1858:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons,

257

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 57, 58.

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows, viz .:

1. The Monies which in respect of any Sale effected under the said Act shall become Monies for due and payable by way of perpetual annual Chief or other Rent or Rentcharge shall not be subject to the Provisions contained in the Second Section of the same Act, which require Sieby waj^of that all Monies which may become payable in respect of Sales under " the Ecclesiastical annual Chief Leasing Acts " shall be paid to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to be invested and dealt with as contemplated by the said Section. 2. of said Act

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Carrickfergus, Hastings, Maldon, Northam, and Shanklin.

[29th Jane 1865.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The General 24 & 25 Vict f Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, is not of an

Confirmation thereof by Act. of Parliament:

any Validity or Force whatever until the c-45 *

And whereas the Board of Trade have made certain Provisional Orders: And whereas

those Orders have been amended by Parliament, and are as so amended set out in the

Schedule: And whereas it is expedient that the Orders so set out in the Schedule hereto

be confirmed by Act of Parliament

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Orders set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and are hereby confirmed, and all Orders in the Provisions thereof in Manner and Form as they are 6et out in the said Schedule shall, °°n '

from and after the passing of this Act, have full Validity and Force.

[Short Title.]

2. This Act may be cited as The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1865.

The SCHEDULE of Orders.

1. Carrickfergus.

2. Hastings.

3. Maldon.

4. Northam.

5. Shanklin.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

CARRICKFERGUS.

Order for the Amendment of The Carrickfergus Harbour Order, 1862.

1. Sections to 16 (both inclusive) of the Carrickfergus Harbour Order, 1862, hereafter Repeal of in this Order called the Order of 1862, with the Schedule therein referred to, are hereby repealed; but nothing herein contained shall invalidate any act done under the authority former Order, of those sections before this repeal takes effect, or affect any right, title, obligation, or liability then acquired or accrued thereunder.

Money.

Borrowing.

Sinking Fund.

Re-borrowing.

Receiver.

Money to be applied to purposes of Order.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of pier and breakwater.

Power to take rates according to Schedule. Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

Money.

2. The Commissioners may borrow on mortgage or bond at interest such sums of money as may be required for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order not exceeding in the whole the sum of 8,000l.

3. In order to create a sinking fund for the discharge of the principal money so borrowed the Commissioners shall yearly set apart the surplus annual revenue of the harbour (here* after in this Order defined), and shall deposit the same in some Joint Stock Bank of Issue in Ireland, to be increased by accumulation, in the way of compound interest or otherwise, until the accumulated fund is sufficient to pay off the principal money borrowed, or any such part thereof as the Commissioners think ought to be then paid off, and the Commissioners shall then apply such accumulated fund in such payment accordingly, but so that the Commissioners shall not allow any sum exceeding 500/. to remain so deposited for a longer time than six calendar months without applying the same in such payment.

4. Any money borrowed under this Order, and discharged by means of the sinking fund, shall not be re-borrowed, but any money borrowed and discharged otherwise than by means of the sinking fund may be re-borrowed if required for the purposes of this Order, and so toties quoties.

5. The mortgagees of the Commissioners may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due to them on their respective mortgages by the appointment of a Receiver. The amount to authorize a requisition for a Receiver is 1,000l.

6. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for purposes authorized by this Order.

Lands.

7. For the purposes of this Order the Commissioners may, from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works, and also all or any part of the lands described in Schedule A. to the Order of 1862 annexed.

8. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, ore incorporated with this Order.

Works.

9. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

10. The works authorized by this Order are the following: —

(1.) A pier, with all proper approaches, works, and conveniences connected therewith, on the eastern side of the harbour of Carrickfergus, commencing near the seaward end of the existing pier or quay, and running in a southerly direction for a distance of 600 feet or thereabouts, then with a cant in a westwardly direction for a distance of 100 feet or thereabouts, such pier to be partly stone and partly open pile work, — and the excavation of soil on the western side of the said intended pier:

(2.) A stone breakwater to protect the same intended pier, 400 feet or thereabouts in length, lying about 350 feet to the westward of and parallel to the pier, with an easterly cant at the south end.

Rates.

11. The Commissioners may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, persons, goods, and things described in the Schedule hereto any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified.

12. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by

street

259

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

stress of weather to make use of the pier and harbour authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

13. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, through, from, and out of the pier and harbour by land, with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

14. The Commissioners shall apply all rates received under this Order, and all other moneys coming to their hands from the existing harbour or new works, or the lands or property connected therewith, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise: —

(1.) In paying the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this Order:

(2.) In paying from year to year the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the existing harbour and new works, and the lands and property connected therewith:

(3.) In paying the interest accrued due on any money borrowed under this Order, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof:

(4.) In paying the rent accrued due in respect of the property described in Schedule A. to the Order of 1862 annexed, and in fining down such rent in pursuance of any agreement in that behalf made or to be made:

(5.) As to the surplus annual revenue of the harbour, — that is to say, so much of the rates and other moneys aforesaid as remains from year to year after making the several payments before in the present section directed, — in creating a sinking fund in manner and for the purposes before in this Order specified.

15. This Order shall be construed with the Order of 1862 as one Order, and may be cited as The Carrickfergus Harbour Amendment Order, 1865; and the Order of 1862 and this Order may be cited together as The Carrickfergus Harbour Orders, 1862 and 1865.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels entering or using the existing Harbour or New Works.

s. d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per register ton 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 - 0 6

For, 50, 100 --08

For, 100, 150 - 0 10

For, 150 and upwards -10

For every vessel which remains in the harbour more than three weeks continuously, there shall be paid for every week or part of a week during which the same remains in the harbour after the first three weeks the further sum, per register ton, of 0 3

All lighters from any vessel in the roads shall be exempted from rates, but if the vessel do not enter the harbour every lighter shall pay for each trip, per ton - - 0 2

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each 0 6

All other boats entirely open, pleasure yachts, and boats employed in fishing, exempt.

II. — Rate? on Passengers landing on or embarking from the existing Harbour or New Works.

s. d%

For every person landing from or embarking in any steamboat or other

passenger vessel any sum not exceeding - - 0 2

Custom House

Officers

exempt.

Application of rates and moneys received by the Commissioners.

Construction, and short titles.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

III. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Works.

Alabaster, rough, per ton -

, worked, per cwt -Ale, beer, or porter, per butt or pipe, per hogshead

, per barrel

, in bottles, per dozen

Ale, bottled, per barrel bulk -Animals, wild, each -

, or birds, stuffed, per package Anchors, per cwt.

Apples, in bulk, per ton ... Artificial manures, per ton -

Ashes, barilla, per cwt.

, pearl and pot, per cwt.

, black, per cwt.

, bleaching, per cwt ...

, common Irish, per cwt.

, soda, per cwt.

Asphaltum, per cwt -Bags or sacks (not returned), per bundle -Bacon or pork, per cwt.

Ballast, per ton, registered measurement of vessel -Bark, tanners' chopped, per ton Barley, per ton -Baskets, per dozen -Beans, per ton -Beef or pork, per tierce -

, per barrel -

, per half-barrel, and smaller package

, per ton -

Biscuit or bread, per cwt -

Bleaching-powder, per hhd.

, per barrel -

Blocks, ship, per dozen - Bogwood, per ton - Boilers, steam, large -

, small, under one ton each Bone dust, per ton - Bottles, loose, empty, per gross, in baskets or carboys, full Bran, per ton -Brandy, per hogshead -

Bricks, common, per 1,000 -

, fire, per 1,000 ...

, Bath, per 1,000 -

Butter, per cask -, per firkin -

, per barrel -

Cables, per cwt -

Candles, tallow, chest of 14 dozen, half-chest -

, wax, per 12 lbs. -Canes, per bundle -

Carriages or coaches, each -

existing Harbour on New

s. d.

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - - 0 3

. - 0 1

- - - 0 3

_ - 0 9

_ _ - 0 6

_ - 0 2

_ -. 0 6

. 0 8

_ - 0 1

- - 0 2

_ - - 0 1

- - 0 2

_ - - 0 1

- 0 1

_ -. 0 1

- 0 1

_ - - 0 2

- - 0 3

_ - - 1 0

- - 0 3

_ - - 0 1

. - 0 3

_ - - 0 4

. - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 1 0

_ - - 0 2

. 0 6

. _ - 0 3

- - 1 0

_ - - 0 3

- - 2 6

- - - 0 9

- - 0 8

. -. 0 2

-. 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- - 0 8

. - - 1 O

- - 1 O

. 0 3

- - 0 li

- - - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

_ - - 0 1

- - 0 6

- - 1 0

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

261

Carts, each -

Casks, empty (not returned), each Cattle, asses, and mules, each ..., bulls, each -, cows and oxen, each.

, calves and lambs, each, horses, each

, pigs or sheep, each -

, sucking pigs, each -

Cement, per cwt -Chains, per cwt. ..... Chalk, per ton -Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney-pots, earthenware, each -China, per hogshead -

, per tierce ...

Cigars, per cwt -

Clay, pipe and potters ', per ton -, fire, per ton -

Cloth, packs not exceeding cwt Cloths, linen, woollen, bale, pack, or truss, per cwt.

, in boxes, per foot -

Cloverseed, per sack -

Coals, per ton

Coke, per ton ---- Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Cordials, per case of 1 dozen

, per hogshead ...

Corn, viz.: —

Wheat, per ton -

Barley, per ton -

Oats, per ton -

Barleymeal, per ton -

Indian corn, per ton -

, meal, per ton -

Oatmeal, per bag -

Beans and peas, per bag Rye, per bag ...

Corkwood, per cwt.

Corks, per ten gross -

Culm, per ton ..... Currants, per butt -

Dates, per cwt -

Dissolved bones and other artificial manures, per ton Dogs, and other animals not enumerated, each Drugs in casks, hampers, or boxes, at per foot Dyers' stuff, per cwt.

Dyes, per cwt.

Earthenware, coarse, in bulk, per potters' dozen, in crates, at per crate Eggs, per gross of 12 dozen Empty bags or sacks (not returned), per bundle Farming implements, per ton

per barrel bulk

28 & 29 VICT.

LI

s. d.

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 o *

- 0 2

- 0 o *

- 0

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 8

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 1 6

- 1 0

. 0 6

. 0 6

- 0 3

. 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 1

. 0 3

. 0 3

. 0 4

- ] 6

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 1 0

0 3

- 0 3

. 0 3

. 0 4

. 0 3

- 0 4

. 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 2

. 0 3

. 0 2

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 1

. 0 4

- 0 3

. 0 3

- 0 8

- 0 1

- 0 1

. 1 4

- 0 2

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58

Feathers, per bale -

, per bag

Felt, per cwt. -

Fish: herrings, cured, per barrel -

, other fish cured (not before specified), per cwt.

Flagstones, rough, per 100 feet -

, worked, per 100 feet -

Flaxseed, per hogshead -

, per bag

, per barrel .....

Flax, rough, per ton -

, dressed, per stone -

, per dozen hanks -

Flour, per sack -

, per barrel -

Flower roots, plants, or trees, in packages, at per foot Freestones, per ton -

Fruit, green, per cwt.

, dry, per cwt.

Fuel, patent, per ton -

Furnaces, metal, per cwt.

Furniture, household, new, at per barrel bulk -

Gas metres, per crate or box -

, each -..

Gates, iron or wood, each -

Geese, per 100 .....

Glass, per crib, slide, or case -

Grains, per ton -

Grain, not enumerated, per ton -

Granite, per ton -

Grasseed, per sack -

Grates or stoves, per foot -

Gravel or sand, per ton -

Groats, per cwt.

Groceries, per box, package, or hamper -

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel -

, per half-barrel -

Haberdashery and hosiery, in bales, per cwt.

, in boxes, per foot -

Hams, per cwt. -

Hardware, per cwt.

Hats, per box, per foot -

Hay, per ton -

, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings, cured, per barrel -Hides, wet or dry, for every 100 in number -

, fleshings, per cwt.

Household furniture, new, per barrel bulk -

, belonging to parties changing their residence

only, per 10 Darrels bulk -Husbandry utensils, per ton -

, per barrel bulk -

Ice, per ton

s. <L

0

0 3

0 1

0 3

0 1

1 0

2 0

0 6

0 3

0 2

1 0

0 1

0 1

0 2

0 H

0 1

1 0

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 3

0 1

0 6

0 1

0 2

1 0

0 6

0 4

0 3

0 3

0 3

0 2

0 3

0 2

0 4

0 8

0 3

0 H

0 4

0 1

0 2

0 2

0 1

1 6

0 2

1 6

0 3

1 4

0 2

0 1

0 6

1 4

0 2

0 6

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

263

Iron, pig, per ton -

, bar, bolt, and wrought, per ton -

, plate and sheet, per ton -, hoops, per cwt -, cask, hollow ware, per cwt. -, cast solid, per cwt.

, ore, per ton -

, scrap, per ton -

, wire and nailrods, per cwt.

Junk, or old ropes, per cwt.

Jute, per ton -

Kelp, per ton -

Kerb stones, per ton -

Lead, pigs of, per ton -

, pipes, per ton -

, sheet, per cwt.

Lamps, each -

Leather, tanned, per cwt.

, wrought, per cvft -Lemons, per chest -

, per box -Lime, burnt, per ton -

Limestone, per ton -Linen or woollen rags, per cwt. .-, ' cloth, per cwt.

Linseed meal, per ton -

, cake, per ton -

Liquor, in bottles, per case or box Liquors (not enumerated), per hogshead, per barrel -

Loam, or moulding sand, per ton -Machinery: —

Steam and other engines, and part of the same, per cwt Wood and iron mixed, per foot Malt, per quarter -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton Marble, rough, per ton -

, worked, per cwt.

Masts or spars, each -

Mats and matting, per parcel -

Matches, per hogshead -

, per case or barrel -Maunds or hampers, empty, imported, per dozen Meal, per bag (all kinds, not enumerated)

, per ton -

Meat, per cwt -

Metal castings (not enumerated), per cwt.

Millinery, per foot -Mineral and aerated waters, in bottles, per dozen Muslin, per bale -

, per parcel -

Nail8, per cwt -

Naphtha, per puncheon -, per carboy -Nuts, per Dag or barrel -Oakum, per cwt.

LI 2

8. (L - 0 8

- 1 4

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

w 0 3

- 0 3

- 1 4

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 1 0

« 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 3

(- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 4

— 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58

Oars, per dozen -

Oats, per ton -

Oil, castor, per cwt -, sperm, per hogshead -

, sweet and lamp, and all oils not enumerated, per hogshead, in flasks, per chest -, per half-chest -

Oilcake, per ton -

Onions, per cwt.

Oranges, per box ...

, per chest -Oysters, per ton -

Paintings, pictures, and pier glasses, per foot Paints and painters' colours, per cwt.

Pans, brass or metal, per cwt.

Paper, per cwt., common -

, stationery, per cwt -

Peas, per bag -

Petroleum, per ton -

Perfumery, per package -

Periodicals and newspapers, per parcel -Pipes for smoking, per hogshead -

, per barrel -

Pipes, metal, per ton -

, earthenware, for draining, per ton Ploughs, each -

Potash, per cwt .....

Potatoes, per ton -

Poultry and game, per dozen -

Puncheons, empty, and not returned, each -Putty, glaziers *, per cask -

Rags, per ton -

Raisins and figs, per cwt. -

Rice, per tierce -

, per barrel -

Rope-coil, per cwt -

Rope-coil yarn, per cwt -

Rosin, per barrel .....

Sacking, per bale -

Sago, per cwt -

Sails, per cwt -

Salt, per ton -, fine, per cwt -

, coarse, for manure, or curing fish, per ton, rock, per ton - -

Sand or gravel, per ton -

Scuttles, coal, per dozen -

Scythe stones, per cwt.

Scythes, per dozen -

Seeds, garden, or agricultural, grass seeds, per cwt.

, not enumerated, per cwt

Shot, bird, per cwt -

Shovel handles, per dozen -

Silk, per cwt -Skins, per score -

s. d.

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 10

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 1 0

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 1 8

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 5 0

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 8

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 8

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

0 2

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 10

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

0 3

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 3

. 0 1

- 0 8

- 0 6

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

265

Slabs, marble, per ton -

, slate, per ton -

Slates, scan tie, per 1,000 -

, common helling, per 1,000 Slate, earth or tombstone, per foot Soap, per cwt.

Soda, per barrel Soda-water, per dozen -

Spades and shovels, per dozen ...

Spirits, foreign and British, per hogshead of 56 gallons Starch, per cwt.

Steel, per cwt.

Sticks, walking, per bundle -

Stones, per ton -

, grinding, per cwt, Caen, for millstones, per 100 Straw, per ton -Sulphur, per cwt -Sugar, soft, per cwt -

, refined, in barrels -

, in hogsheads

Tar, pitch, or rosin, per barrel -

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, paving, per score -, roofing, per 1,000 -

Timber, not enumerated, per load of 55 feet, mast pieces, under 12 inches, each, wainscot boards, per 100 -

Tinplate, per box ...

Tobacco, per cwt -

Tow, per ton -

Toys, per case -

Trawlbeams, each -

Treacle or molasses, per puncheon

, per naif-puncheon

, per cask

Treenails, under 2 feet in length, per 1,000, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 1,000 Turf, per ton -

Turnips or mangold, per ton -

Turpentine, per cwt -

Twine or netting, per cwt.

Varnish, per barrel -

Vegetables, shipped, per cwt Vetches, per ton -

Vinegar, per pipe -

, per hogshead -

, per firkin .....

Vitriol, per carboy -Wheat, per ton -

Whiskey, per puncheon -Whiting, per cwt.

Wine, foreign, per pipe, all sorts, British, per pipe, all sorts, per hogshead, all sorts -

, per barrel, all sorts -

8. d.

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 0 k

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 8

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 0 1

- 3 0

- 1 6

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 1 4

- 0 2

- 1 6

- 0 1

- 0 9

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 3

- 1 8

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 10

- 0 5

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 2 0

- 0 1

- 2 6

- 1 6

- 1 0

- 0 6

266

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

s. d.

Wine, in bottles, all sorts, per dozen - - 0 2

Wood, deals, per 120 - - -10

, battens, Petersburg, per hundred - 0 6

, fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of

50 feet - - 0 10

, oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - 1 0

, firewood, per fathom - - 0 6

, laths and lath wood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet - - 2 6

, spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches

in diameter, per 120 - - - 2 6

, spars, inches in diameter and under, per 120 - 1 4

, spar8, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches

in diameter, per 120 - - 6 6

, spars, of all lengths, above and under 6 inches in diameter,

per 120 - - 12 0

, lignum vitas, logwood, mahogany, rosewood, &C-, per ton - 14

Woollen manufactures, at per cwt. - 0 8

Wool, per pack - - 04

Yarn, per cwt. - - - 0 2

Zinc, per ton - - -14

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per barrel bulk - - 0 2

Heavy goods, per ton - - --14

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding two and a half cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk, but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than two and a half cwt then two and a half cwt. to be rated as a barrel bulk.

IV. — Rates for the Use of the Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds of the Commissioners.

1 it Rates of Crane age.

d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - 0 3

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - 0 4

, 2 tons, 3 tons - 0 6

, 3 tons, tons - 0 8

, 4 tons, 5 tons - 0 10

, 5 tons, 6 tons - 1 0

6 tons - - 1 3

2d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, Id. for each ton or part of a ton.

3d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of eight barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or on the quays of the harbour for a logger time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d., and the sum of l£rf. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

Hastings.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

267

HASTINGS.

Order for the Amendment of The Hastings Pier and Harbour Order, 1862.

1. The Schedule to The Hastings Pier and Harbour Order, 1862, hereafter in this Order Repeal of called the Order of 1862, as far as it relates to the goods and things described in the Schedule hereto, is hereby repealed, but not so as to affect any right, title, obligation, or Order, liability acquired or accrued thereunder.

2. The Company may demand and receive, in respect of the goods and things described in

the Schedule to this Order, any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified. ingto^hedule.

3. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist Certain fishing exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to vessels under seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by 8tresof stress of weather to make use of the pier, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, JTe0^ rates.61* be exempt from rates leviable under the Order of 1862 or this Order.

4. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the Power for use of the pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be ^ntn^Vith agreed on; but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not p^mms for be transferable, and shall not be used by any person, except the person for whom it is use of pier, granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any

way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours,

Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, and this Order shall for all purposes be deemed "the " special Act," within the meaning of that Act.

6. This Order shall be construed with the Order of 1862 as one Order, and may be cited Construction, as The Hastings Harbour Amendment Order, 1865; and the Order of 1862 and this Order 2^hort may be cited together as The Hastings Harbour Orders, 1862 and 1865.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers *

Cattle, viz .:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -

Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs or sheep, each -

Coals, Scotch, English, and culm, per ton .....

Fish:

Dried and salted, per cwt.

Fresh, per cwt.

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of fifty feet -

Oak, teak, and other hard wood, per load of forty feet Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per load of forty feet -

All other goods not particularly enumerated:

Light goods, per barrel bulk -

Heavy goods, per ton -

s. d.

2 0

1 0

8 0

0 6

1 0

0 3

0 2

1 0

1 6

1 6

0 4

1 8

MALDON.

Order for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Harbour at Maldon

# in the County of Essex.

1. There shall be a body of Commissioners for carrying this Order into execution, not incorporation exceeding in number 14, which Commissioners and their successors are hereby, for the of Commit purposes of this Order, incorporated by the name of The Maldon Harbour Improvement sioner9,

Commis-

Meaning of the Commissioners."

Appointment of the several Commissioners.

Incorporation of parts of 10 & 11 Vict. c. 16.

Undertakers.

Commencement of powers.

Limits of harbour.

Power to take lands by agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to execute works.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

Commissioners, and by that name shall be a body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The term "the Commissioners," where hereafter used in this Order, means The Maldon Harbour Improvement Commissioners.

3. The appointment of the Commissioners shall be regulated as follows: —

(1.) The following ten persons are hereby appointed Commissioners, namely, Henry Ward, The Honourable William Swabey, William Michael Tuffnell, Henry Thomas Eve, Thomas Isaac, Adolphus Piggot, John Granger Sadd, Robert Smith, William Humpherys, and Marven Porter Hicks:

(2.) The Commissioners, when incorporated, shall have power to appoint from time to time (but it shall not be obligatory on them to appoint) to be Commissioners other persons, not exceeding two in number, in addition to the ten persons hereinbefore named:

(3.) Whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of any person appointed a Commissioner by this Order or by the Commissioners, the Commissioners shall by a special order appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(4.) The Board of Trade may, if they think fit, at any time after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint two persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation or otherwise, in the office of any one of those two Commissioners, may, if they think fit, appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties.

4. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, (except sections 17, 19 to 35, both inclusive, and 95,) shall be incorporated with this Order, and shall, as far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally, subject to the following provisions:—

(1.) No person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner (other than a person appointed to be a Commissioner by the Board of Trade) unless he is seized or possessed of property to the value of one thousand pounds:

(2.) With reference to section 39 of the last-mentioned Act, the prescribed number (constituting a quorum) of the Commissioners shall be five:

(3.) The Board of Trade shall appoint a permanent auditor of the accounts of the Commissioners.

5. The Commissioners shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

6. The Commissioners shall be deemed fully constituted and incorporated and shall commence to act under this Order immediately on the Commencement of this Order.

7. The limits within which the Commissioners shall have authority (which shall be deemed the limits to which this Order extends) shall extend in and over the whole of the river Blackwater, ftom> that part which is intercepted by the cross section No. 8. shown on the plan deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the county of Essex of the proposed works (herein-after referred to as the deposited plan) to the bridge called Fullbridge at Maldon, and in and over the whole of Hey bridge Creek up to the Stonebridge at Heybridge, and in and over all creeks, bays, inlets, and outlets running in, to, or out of the said river and creek within the aforesaid limits.

8. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Commissioners may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use such lands near the entrance to, within, or around Heybridge Creek as may be required for the proposed works, not exceeding in the whole two acres.

9. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, shall be incorporated with this Order.

10. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may, on the site designated by this Order, and according to the deposited plans and sections, execute and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans and sections.

11. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

11. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

The cutting, deepening, widening, straightening, dredging, scouring, altering, and improving the course of the channel of the River Black water, commencing fifty yards or thereabouts above or to the south of the entrance to Heybridge Basin, and terminating five yards or thereabouts below or east of Fullbridge:

The cutting, deepening, widening, straightening, dredging, scouring altering, and improving the course of that part of the River Black water, known as Heybridge Creek, commencing at the junction of the said creek with the said river, and terminating one hundred and thirty yards or thereabouts north of a piece of ground the property of the Great Eastern Railway Company:

The construction and maintenance of wharves or landing-places for enabling ships and other vessels to load and unload and discharge coals and other goods and commodities on the north side of the River Blackwater, at or near the entrance to and on the west side of Heybridge Creek.

12. The limits of deviation for the works authorized by the said Order shall extend to high-water mark on each side of the channel of the River Blackwater, as shown on the deposited plan.

13. If the entrance from the River Blackwater into the creek or channel in which the lock standing at the mouth of the canal of the said Company of Proprietors is built, or the said creek or channel, or any part thereof respectively, shall, by reason of the execution of any of the works authorized by this Order, be silted up or rendered less deep or narrower or less commodious than the same now i9, the Commissioners shall (after reasonable notice so to do), at their own expense, dredge and cleanse the said entrance and the said creek or channel in such manner that the obstruction shall be wholly removed, and the said entrance and the said creek or channel shall be rendered as deep and wide and as commodious as the same now is; and if in the case aforesaid the Commissioners shall neglect so to dredge and cleanse the said entrance or the said creek or channel, or to remove the obstruction therefrom, the said Company of Proprietors may dredge and cleanse the same respectively, and may remove the obstruction therefrom, and shall recover the expenses thereby incurred from the Commissioners as liquidated damages.

14. If any of the works of the said Company of Proprietors shall be injuriously affected by the works authorized by this Order, or by any insufficiency or deficiency in the execution of the works authorized by this Order, the Commissioners shall make compensation to the said Company of Proprietors for any loss that may be sustained by them thereby; the amount of such compensation shall be settled by arbitration, or by a jury, in the manner provided by The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, Section 68, which section (for the purpose of this present clause only) shall be incorporated with this Order.

15. Subject and according to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may (from and after the expiration of six months from the commencement of this Order) demand and receive in respect of vessels described in the Schedule hereto any sums not exceeding the sums specified in that Schedule.

16. Vessels coming up the River Blackwater for the purpose of discharging and which shall discharge their cargoes below the limits of jurisdiction defined by this Order into lighters, barges, or boats for the purpose of being carried and which shall be carried into Heybridge Basin, thence to be carried by the canal of the Company of Proprietors of the Chelmer and Blackwater Navigation, or by land, shall not be liable to the rates leviable under this Order.

17. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the harbour authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

18. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, through, and from the harbour by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

19. The Commissioners may from time to time borrow and reborrow at interest such money as may be required for the purposes of this Order, not exceeding in the whole the

28 & 29 VICT. M m sum

269

Description of works.

Defining limits of deyiation.

Entrance to creek to be kept open.

Compensation to be made to Company if works affected.

Rates in Schedule.

Exemption from rates.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Custom house Officers exempt from rates.

Borrowing

powers.

270

Repayment of money borrowed by instalments, or sinking fund.

Receiver.

Money how to be applied.

Application of rates and moneys received by the Commissioners.

Commissioners may provide engines, lighters, Ac.

Power to maintain and dredge, &c.

Pilotage, lights, buoys, and beacons.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Parts of Harbours, &c. Act excepted.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

sum of Twelve thousand pounds, on the security of the works authorized by this Order, and of the lands and property connected therewith, and of the rates, tolls, and dues authorized by this Order, or of any of those particulars, or of any other property of the Commissi^ers.

20. The Commissioners shall, out of the tolls, rates, and duties aforesaid, either pay off the money borrowed under this Order by annual or other instalments within thirty years reckoned from the expiration of two years after the commencement of this Order, or else appropriate as a sinking fund every year, beginning with the expiration of the same term of two years, and until the money so borrowed is fully paid off, a sum equal to one thirtieth part of the money borrowed, and such sinking fund shall be invested, accumulated, and applied according to the provisions of section 84 of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

21. The mortgagees of the Commissioners may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due to them on their respective mortgages by the appointment of a receiver; and the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver is One hundred pounds.

22. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

23. The Commissioners shall apply all rates, tolls, and dues received under this Order, after defraying the expenses of collecting the same, and all other moneys coming to their hands from the works authorized by this Order, or the lands or property connected therewith, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise: —

1. In paying the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this

Order:

2. In paying the expenses of the construction, maintenance, management, and regulation of the works authorized by this Order:

3. In paying the interest accrued due on any money borrowed under this Order:

4. In from time to time providing the instalments or setting apart and appropriating

the sinking fund prescribed by this Order for the repayment of money borrowed, as and when any such instalment or such sinking fund is required to be provided or set apart and appropriated:

5. In and towards the purposes of the said harbour.

24. The Commissioners may, for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, or any of them, from time to time purchase, lease, provide, or hire such steam or other dredges, steam or other engines, steam tugs, steam or other vessels, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters tools, plant, or other materials as they think fit, and may from time to time, as they think fit, sell and dispose of any such dredges, engines, tugs, vessels, diving bells, lighters, tools, plant, and materials as aforesaid, and shall apply the money thereby realized for carrying into effect the purposes of this Order or some of them.

25. The Commissioners from time to time may maintain the works authorized by this Order, and dredge and deepen the said river and creek within the limits of this Order, and may place and maintain moorings and buoys in the said river and creek within the limits aforesaid, and do all such lawful acts as they think necessary or proper for preventing or removing obstructions or impediments thereon or therein, and generally for preserving and facilitating the navigation within the limits of this Order; and the soil, gravel, and other materials taken out of or removed from the said river and creek within the limits of this Order shall become and be the property of the Commissioners, who may from time to time sell or otherwise dispose of the same, or remove and lay down the same within the limits of this Order, and afterwards from time to time again take up and remove and sell or otherwise dispose of the same; and all moneys arising therefrom, after payment of the expenses connected therewith, shall be applied for the purposes of this Order.

26. The Commissioners shall be a local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same, and shall have all the powers conferred by those Acts on local authorities.

27. The Commissioners shall not acquire for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding in extent in the whole three acres.

28. Sections 16, 17, 18, 19, 25, and 26 of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order.

29. Byelaws

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58. 271

29. Byelaws made under this Order and The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, Confirmation 1847, shall not come into operation until allowed and confirmed by the Board of Trade,

which allowance and confirmation shall be sufficient for all purposes; and it shall not be Statement lawful for the harbour master, by virtue of section 52 of that Act, or of any other authority, of harbour, or for the Commissioners, to give or cause to be given any direction respecting any matter mentioned in that section, or provided for in the byelaws, further or otherwise than as the byelaws expressly authorize him or them to do so.

30. Nothing in this Order shall take away or abridge any right, privilege, power, juris- Saving for diction, or authority given or reserved to any person or corporation by any local or special corporation *, Act of Parliament without the consent in writing of such person or corporation.

[Short title.]

31. This Order may be cited as The Maldon Harbour Order, 1865.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

Fob every Vessel carrying Cargo coming into, and fob every Vessel carrying Cargo going out of, Maldon Harbour.

d.

If under 50 tons, per ton register - 0 3

If of 50 tons and under 100 tons, per ton register - - 0 6

If of 100 tons and under 200 tons, per ton register - - 0 9

If of 200 tons or upwards, per ton register - 1 0

Unregistered vessels to pay at the same rate per ton according to the actual measurement thereof.

Vessels carrying cargo both on coming in and on going out of the harbour to pay full rate on inwards cargo, and half rate on outwards cargo. Barges of less than 50 tons are exempt from the half rate on such outwards cargo.

NORTHAM.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Northam in the County of Devon.

1. The Northam Pier Company (Limited), hereafter in this Order called the Company, The Under shall be the Undertakers of the works authorized by this Order. takers.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Company may, from time Pow.^pV>1tal? to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the ^agreement, deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Clauses Act Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent ^Suo^rnai7

in the whole three acres. purposes.

5. Subject* to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by Power to make them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of WOpka-deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown

on the deposited plans.

6. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: — Description of

A pier, jetty, and landing place, with all proper works, approaches, and other con- pier* veniences connected therewith, for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandise, and for other purposes, commencing at a point on the sea shore distant in a north-westerly direction twenty-six chains five yards or thereabouts from the north-west corner of the Northam Burrows Hotel in the Parish of Northam in the County of Devon, and extending from such point into the sea in a northerly direction a distance of 550 feet or thereabouts.

7. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and Power to take

things described in the Schedule hereto any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule specified* this Order.

8. Fishing

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Meters and weighers.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

Company may contract with persons for use of the pier.

Restriction on the use of pier.

Parts of Harbours, Docks, &c., Act,

1847, excepted.

Custom House Officers exempt from rates.

[Short title.]

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

8. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United .Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

9. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion with the pier.

10. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, moorings, dredging machines, rubbish lighters, and other machinery, vessels, and things as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

11. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the use of the pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period'limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

12. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any persons to ship or unship from vessels or boats at the pier or jetty authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or to ship or unship there anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any manner interfere with the use of the pier or jetty for recreation, or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

13. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections sixteen to twenty-three, both inclusive.

14. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

15. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works authorized by this Order.

16. This Order may be cited as The Northam Pier Order, 1865.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

s. a.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton - 0 4

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons, per ton 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons, per ton 0 10 For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton -10 All lighters, for each trip, per ton - - 0 2

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each 0 6

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead - - 0 6

Ale (bottled), per barrel - -04

Ditto, per dozen bottles - - 0 1

Anchors, per cwt. - - 09

Anchor stock, per foot run - - -- 02

Bark, per ton - - 2 0

Bedding, per bundle - - 0 3

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

273

Beef or pork, per cwt. - Ditto, per barrel -

Biscuit or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons ...

Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross .....

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -

Ditto, per iirkin -

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle: —

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding cwt. Carriages: —

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand-carts and perambulators, each Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Cork, per cwt.

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot

Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot

Earthenware (in crates), per foot -

Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt.

Ditto, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt.

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet

Glass, per large crate -

Ditto, per small ditto or case -

Ditto, per box -

Grains and seeds, per quarter -

Groceries (not enumerated) -

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

8. d.

- 0 3

. 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

. 1 6

- 0 9

_ 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

. 3 0

- 0 1

_ 0 3

3 0

- 1 0

- 4 0

. 0 6

- 1 0

- 1 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

. 7 6

- 5 0

1 0

- 1 0

. 3 0

- 0 3

. 0 6

20 0

- 0 6

0 6

0 2

. 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

. 0 3

0 2

2 0

- 0 4

. 0 3

. 0 4

- 0 4

- 1 6

_ 1 0

. 0 6

. 0 6

0 6

1 6

. 0 6

. 0 4

- 2 6

- 0 4

274

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

Hay, per ton

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 -

Ditto (cured), per barrel -

Hides: —

Ox, cow, or horses (wet or dry), each Iron: —

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each

Ditto, under 10 inches -

Meat (fresh), per cwt -

Milk, per gallon -

Musical Instruments, per cube foot

Nets, per 5 cubic feet -

Oakum, per cwt -

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and Lemons, per box -

Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt -

Pitch and Tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt -

Poultry and Game, per dozen

Rags and Old Rope, per ton ...

Sails, per cwt -

Salt, per cwt -

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: — Calf, Goat, Sheep, Lamb, or Dog, per dozen

Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet -

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead

Ditto, ditto, per gallon

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet

Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt .....

Tallow, Soap, and Candles, per cwt

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 -

Tin and Zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt -

Turbot, per score -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and Varnish, per barrel

Turtle, each -

». d.

. 1 6

- 0 2

- 2 0

0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

1 6

_ 1 0

- 2 6

- 0 1

- 2 0

- 2 6

- 0 3

. 1 4

- 1 0

- 2 6

- 1 0

- 4 6

- 3 0

- 0 6

- 0 o *

- 0 1

- 0 4

. 0 2

. 2 0

- 2 0

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 6

0 2

- 0 4

. 2 0

- 0 6

- 0 1

- 1 0

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 2 0

. 1 0

- 0 1

- 1 6

- 3 0

0 3

0 8

1 0

- 1 6

- 3 0

0 6

. 0 8

0 6

0 6

- 2 6

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt.

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles -Wood: —

Fir, Pine, and other description not enumerated, per load of 50 feet Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet -

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom -Laths and Lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120 -

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches in diameter, per 120 -

Ditto, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per 120 Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Treenails, per 1,000 -

Wedges, per 1,000 -

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton Wool, per cwt.

Yarn, per cwt.

All otheb Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cube foot -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

d.

0 4

0 6

1 0

0 3

1 0

0 2

1 6

2 0

1 6

2 6

3 0

5 0

5 0

4 0

9 0

14 0

2 0

3 0

2 6

2 6

2 6

2 0

0 4

0 2

0 1

2 0

275

III. — Rates for use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1st Bates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tone

2 tons

3 tons

tons

5 tons

6 tons

7 tons

8 tons

9 tons 10 tons

3 tons

tons

5 tons

6 tons

7 tons

8 tons

9 tons 10 tons

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10 1 0 1 2

1 4 1 6 1 10

2 4

3 6

2rf. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

276

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

Th« Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

3d. Shed Dues. s

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the Pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 \d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers '

luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - 0

IV. — Rates for supplying Water on Pier.

Water, per 1,000 gallons - - 10

V. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier from or embark from it on board of any ship, vessel, packet, or passage

boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - 0

For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding 0

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every

time any sum not exceeding - 0

For every perambulator - - - 0

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the parish of Northam, and using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - - 20

VI.-'Rates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the

description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. - 0

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. - - 0

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - - 0

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - - 0

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 198 lbs. - 0

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt. - 0

And for every cwt. beyond - - 0

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - - 0

d.

2

0

6

4

6

2

0

2

4

5

6

7

8 4 1

SHANKLIN.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Shanklin in the Isle of

Wight in the County of Southampton.

1. The Shanklin Bay Pier Company (Limited), hereafter in this Order called the Company, shall be the Undertakers of the Works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the Works authorized by this Order^ the Company may from time to time, by agreeement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines, and according to the levels, and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

277

Description of pier.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

(1.) The construction of a promenade pier (with a landing place, and all necessary

works and conveniences, for the embarking and landing of passengers, goods, and merchandise, and other purposes), commencing at a point near the present Coastguard House in the Parish of Shanklin, and extending seawards, east by south, 1, 200 feet or thereabouts:

(2.) The improvement and formation of approaches to the pier by means of the following works: —

(a.) The widening of the road on the south-east side of the Chine Inn in Shanklin:

(b.) The making of a road or viaduct commencing at or near the north-east side of the road forming the north-east boundary of the grounds of Everton House, and terminating on the Cliff at or near its northern edge, south-west of the Chine, at a point about 30 yards westward of the south-eastern or seawards edge of the Clift, in Shanklin.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, goods, persons, and Power to take

things described in the Schedule hereto any sums not exceeding the rates in that Schedule according, jo to Schedule to

8pecined. this Order.

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist Certain fishing exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to *easels under seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by ^erexempt stress of weather to make use of the pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk from rates, while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass tickets for the Company may use of the pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be

agreed on, but so that no preference be given to any person. Such a pass ticket shall not S^TofUieVer-

be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person for whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its use. If any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered and applied as penalties are recoverable and applicable under The Harbours,

Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act).

9. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free Custom House

ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the pier by land, and with their vessels 2^C"exempt and otherwise, without payment. m *

10. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent Lands for in the whole three acres.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on or in connexion Meters and

with the pier. weighers.

12. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall Parts of

not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections sixteen to nineteen and twenty-one harbours, &c. to twenty-three, all inclusive. exceptei9

13. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, tugs, piling engines, steam engines,

diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, moorings, dredging machines, and other diving bells, machinery, vessels, and things as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes &c-

of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

14. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the works Pai*y *

JL iL* AJ & 1 1 r J 24 & 25 Vict.

authorized by this Order. c. 47. to apply.

15. Nothing in this Order shall entitle any person with any vessel or boat to ship or Beatriction on unship at the pier or jetty authorized by this Order any sheep, cattle, or merchandise, or nae of pier, to ship or unship there anything which in the judgment of the Company might in any

manner interfere with the use of the pier or jetty for recreation, or for the embarking or landing of passengers.

[Short title.]

16. This Order may be cited as The Shanklin Pier Order, 1865.

28 & 29 Vict.

Nn

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Hates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton All lighters, for each trip, per ton ...

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -

Ale (bottled), per barrel -

Ditto, per dozen bottles -

Anchors, per cwt -

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt -

Ditto, per barrel -

Biscuit or bread, per cwt -

Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons - Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -

Ditto, per firkin -

Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -

Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt -

Chimney pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package not exceeding cwt Carriages: —

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand carts and perambulators, each -Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per owt -

Cork, per cwt -

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

<L

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 10

1 0

0 2

0 6

0 6

0 4

0 1

0 9

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 6

0 3

3 0

1 6

0 9

1 6

0 6

0 3

3 0

0 1

0 3

3 0

1 0

4 0

0 6

1 0

1 0

0 4

0 3

1 0

0 6

7 6

6 0

1 0

1 0

3 0

0 3

0 6

20 0

0 6

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

279

Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot

Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot

Earthenware (in crates), per foot ...

Eggs, per box .....

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt

Ditto, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt.

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

Fruit, per bushel or sieve ..... Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet Glass, per large crate .....

Ditto, per small ditto or case -

Ditto, per box .....

Grains and seeds, per quarter -

Groceries (not enumerated) ..... Guano, per ton .....

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg ...

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton .....

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -Hay, per ton .....

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton .....

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 Ditto (cured), per barrel -

Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton

Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton ...

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels ...

Limestone, per ton .....

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each

Ditto, under 10 inches .....

Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cube foot

Nets, per 5 cube feet .....

Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton ...

Oranges and lemons, per box -Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel .....

Paint, per cwt -

Pitch and tar, per barrel .....

Potatoes, per cwt -

Nn 2

*. d. - 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 1 6

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

. 0 6

- 1 6

. 0 6

- 0 4

- 2 6

. 0 4

- 1 6

- 0 2

- 2 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 1

- 1

- 2

- 0

- 2

- 2

- 0

- 1

- 1

- 2

- 1

- 4

. 3

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

- 2

- 2

- 0

- 1 - 0

- 0

- 0

- 0

6

0

6

1

0

6

3

4 0 6 0 6 0 6 0* 1 4 2 0 0 6 0

3

4 6 2

280

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58

Poultry and game, per dozen -

Rags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt.

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: — Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen -

Slates, per ton of 24? cubic feet -Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead -

Ditto, ditto, per gallon -Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt.

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt.

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per 1,000 -

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt.

Turbot, per score -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel -

Turtle, each -

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt -

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead .....

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles -Wood: —

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet -Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom -Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120- -

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2£ and under inches in diameter, per 120 -

Ditto, inches in diameter and under, per 120 Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 - -

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Treenails, per 1,000 -

Wedges, per 1,000 -

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton Wool, per cwt.

Yarn, per cwt.

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cube foot -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a portion of the respective rates shall be charged.

s. cL

2 0

0 6

0 1

1 0

0 2

0 6

2 0

1 0

0 1

1 6

3 0

0 3

0 3

1 0

1 6

3 0

0 6

0 6

2. 6

1 0

0 3

1 0

0 2

1 6

2 0

1 6

2 6

3 0

5 0

5 0

4 0

9 0

14 0

2 0

3 0

2 6

2 6

2 6

2 0

0 2

2 0

2S1

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 58.

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds. 1st Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons

» 2 tons a 3 tons

3 tons tons

» 4 tons 5 tons

if 5 tons a 6 tons

a 6 tons 7 tons

7 tons a 8 tons

» 8 tons a 9 tons

a 9 tons a 10 tons

10 tons -

2d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton

3d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d.9 and the sum of per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers' luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package

IV. — Rates for supplying Water on Pier.

Water, per 1,000 gallons -

V. — Rates on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier.

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the pier from or embark from it on board of any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding For every person who shall use the pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding -

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier, for each and every time any sum not exceeding For every perambulator -

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the parish of Shanklin, and using the said pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding -

u

s. d.

0 4 0 6 0 8 0 10

1 0 1 2

1 4 1 6 1 10

2 4

3 6

0 2

0 2

10 0

0 6

0 4

0 6 0 2

20 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs. -Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. -, 84 lbs., 112 lbs.

, 112 lbs., 140 lbs.

, 140 lbs., 196 lbs.

, 196 lbs., 2 cwt. -

And for every cwt. beyond

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition -

0 2 0 4 0> 5 0 6 0 7 0 8 0 4 0 1

25 & 26 Vict c. 63.

Order in Schedule confirmed.

[Short Title.]

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for confirming, with Amendments, a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under "The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862," relating to the Pilotage of the Port of Sunderland.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, does not take effect unless and until it is

confirmed by Act of Parliament:

And whereas the Board of Trade have made a Provisional Order with regard to the Port of Sunderland;

And whereas such Order has been amended by Parliament, and is as so amended set out

in the Schedule hereto:

And whereas it is expedient that the said Order so set out in the Schedule hereto should be confirmed by Act of Parliament Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Order set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and is hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions thereof, in manner and form as they are set out in the said Schedule, shall from and after the passing of this Act take effect and have full Validity and Force.

2. This Act may be cited as The (Sunderland) Pilotage Order Confirmation Act, 1865.

SCHEDULE.

SUNDERLAND.

Amended Order referred to and confirmed by the foregoing Act.

1. There shall be a body of Commissioners for carrying this Order into execution, the full number of whom shall be fifteen, and such Commissioners and their successors shall be and are hereby for the purposes of this Order incorporated by the name of The Sunderland Pilotage Commissioners, and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a Common Seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of land and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order. The term "the Commissioners " herein-after used means the Sunderland Pilotage Commissioners.

2. The appointment, constitution, and election of the several Commissioners shall be regulated as follows:

(1.) The Board of Trade shall, as soon as may be after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, appoint two persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of either of those Commissioners shall appoint another person to fill the office, and so toties quoties:

Provided always, that such appointments shall be determinable at such time or times as the Board of Trade may see fit:

(2.) The River Wear Commissioners, as incorporated by the Wear Navigation and Sunderland Dock Act, 1859, shall at their first monthly meeting after the passing of an Act confirming this Order appoint five members of their Board to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of those Commissioners shall appoint another member of their Board to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties:

(3.) The Commissioner of the River Wear appointed for the time being by the Lord High Admiral or Lords of the Admiralty, or by the Board of Trade, shall be one of the Commissioners:

(4.) The

283

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

(4,) The registered Shipowners of Sunderland shall from time to time elect five persons to be Commissioners:

(50 The Pilots duly licensed for the Port of Sunderland shall from time to time elect two persons to be Commissioners.

3. On the day of the first monthly meeting of the River Wear Commissioners held after the third Wednesday in September 1868, and on the like day in every subsequent third year, the Commissioners appointed by that board shall retire from office but shall be eligible for re-appointment; and at the same meetings the River Wear Commissioners shall appoint five members of their Board to be Commissioners for the ensuing three years.

4. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the registered Shipowners the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) For the purpose of this election the registered Shipowners, and the number of votes to be given by them, and the mode of election, except where this Order otherwise provides, shall be regulated by the 25th and other Sections relating thereto of the Wear Navigation and Sunderland Dock Act, 1859, which shall be considered as incorporated in this Order; but so long as a list of Shipowners shall be published by the River Wear Commissioners under the before-mentioned provisions, no further list need be made for the election of Pilotage Commissioners:

(2.) Within one month after the passing of an Act confirming this Order the Clerk to the River Wear Commissioners shall convene a meeting of such Shipowners by bills posted in the borough of Sunderland five days at least before such meeting, for the purpose of electing five Commissioners to represent the Shipowners:

(3.) On the third Wednesday in September 1868, and on the like day in every subsequent third year, the registered Shipowners shall elect five persons to be Commissioners for the ensuing three years, on which respective days the Commissioners previously elected shall retire from office, but shall be eligible for re-election:

(4.) Every person elected as a Commissioner by the registered Shipowners shall be required to have the following qualifications, namely: — to be entered in the list of registered Shipowners published for the time being under the provisions of the Wear Navigation and Sunderland Dock Act, 1859, as the owner of not less than 250 tons of shipping:

(5.) Section Nineteen of the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply in the case of Commissioners elected under the present clause.

6. With respect to the election of Commissioners by the Pilots, the following provisions shall take effect:

(1.) Within one month after the passing of an Act confirming this Order the Clerk to the River Wear Commissioners shall convene a meeting of duly licensed Pilots, by bills posted in the borough of Sunderland five days at least before such meeting, for the purpose of electing two Commissioners to represent the Pilots:

(2.) On the third Wednesday in September 1868, and on the like day in every subsequent third year, the duly licensed Pilots shall elect two persons to be Commissioners for the ensuing three years, on which respective days the Commissioners previously elected shall retire from office, but shall be eligible for re-election:

(3.) The election of Commissioners by the Pilots at the first and every subsequent meeting shall be made by the majority of duly licensed Pilots present at such meeting; and at every such meeting the Chairman of the Commissioners, or if there is no Chairman, or in the absence of the Chairman of the Commissioners, one of the Commissioners appointed by the Board of Trade, shall attend and act as Chairman of such meeting, and shall be entitled to a casting vote:

(4.) Section 19. of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply in the case of Commissioners elected under the present clause.

6. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, as far as the same is not inconsistent with the provisions of this Order, shall be incorporated with this Order, (this Act being deemed tc the Special Act," and the execution of the powers of this Order being deemed " the undertaking, ")

284

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

taking, ") and shall, as far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally, subject to the following provisions:

(1.) Sections twenty-three to thirty-five, both inclusive, of the last-mentioned Act shall not be incorporated with this Order:

(2.) With reference to section thirty-nine of the same Act, the prescribed number constituting a quorum of the Commissioners shall be five:

(3.) With reference to section forty of the same Act, the annual meeting of the Commissioners shall be held within one week of the thirty-first of July:

(4.) Section fifty-four of the same Act shall not be incorporated with this Order:

(V With reference to section ninety of the same Act, it shall not be obligatory on the Commissioners to cause such statement and account as therein mentioned to be printed:

(H.) With reference to section ninety-two of the same Act, the Commissioners shall from time to time appoint a permanent auditor of the accounts of the Commissioners:

(7) With reference to the provisions of the same Act with respect to making of byelaws, duly licensed Pilots under this Order shall be deemed officers of the Commissioners; all byelaws shall be printed, and copies shall be always obtainable by purchase; no byelaws shall have effect unless and until they are approved by the Board of Trade.

7. The Commissioners shall be deemed fully constituted and incorporated, and shall commence to act under this Order, as soon as any five persons have been appointed Commissioners under this Order; and any proceeding of the Commissioners at any time shall not be invalidated by reason only of failure on the part of any authority or body to appoint or elect a Commissioner or Commissioners.

Limits of District.

8. The Pilotage District of the port, for the purposes of this Order, shall be deemed to extend from the promontory or point called Souter Point about two miles on the north side to Ryhope Dene about two miles on the south side of the Harbour of Sunderland.

9. The jurisdiction in pilotage matters within the District aforesaid now vested in the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne shall be and is hereby transferred to and vested in the Commissioners incorporated by this Order.

10. All Pilots licensed for the Port of Sunderland by the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne at the time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order shall be entitled to continue to act as such Pilots under the Commissioners incorporated by this Order for one year after the passing of such Act, without further licence, but in all other respects shall become and be subject to the authority of the Commissioners and the provisions of this Order, as if they had originally been severally licensed under this Order.

11. The Commissioners shall examine every person who applies to them for a Pilot licence, for the purpose of ascertaining his skill, knowledge, and experience in relation to the navigating, piloting, and conducting of Vessels into and out of the Port of Sunderland, and may, if they think fit, license and authorize by writing any person examined and found qualified to act in the capacity of Pilot for navigating, piloting, and conducting Vessels into and out of the Port of Sunderland, as aforesaid.

Pilotage Funds, &c.

12. —

(1.) Every Pilot to be licensed under this Order shall, on receiving his licence from the Commissioners, pay to them or their Clerk for the time being the sum of two pounds for such licence; and every Pilot already licensed for the port aforesaid shall within one month after the passing of an Act confirming this Order pay to the said Commissioners, or their Clerk for the time being, the sum of one pound ten shillings; and every Pilot already licensed or to be licensed shall, in addition to such before-named payment, on or before the thirtieth day of June in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and on or before the like day in every succeeding

year,

285

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 59.

year, pay to the Commissioners or their Clerk for the time being a renewal fee of two pounds; provided always, that the Commissioners may from time to time increase or diminish the said licence and renewal fees, or either of them, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade:

(2.) The licence of every Pilot neglecting or refusing to make either of such payments on or before the days herein-before named shall be suspended until such payment is made; and the licence of every Pilot who neglects or refuses to make payment of the renewal fee on or before the thirty-first day of July in each year shall, in the discretion of the Commissioners, be revoked and cancelled:

(3.) The monies thus to be received shall, subject to the due payment of the current charges of the Commissioners in carrying out the Pilotage service in accordance with this Order, form a fund for superannuated and decayed Pilots, and temporary relief to their widows and orphans:

(4.) For the purpose of lessening the charges on the Pilotage fund, the Eiver Wear Commissioners are hereby empowered to appropriate for the use of the Commissioners and their officers necessary board room and offices for transacting the business of the Commission, and also to otherwise act in reduction of the expenditure.

13. The following Pilotage dues shall be paid, namely:—

(1.) For every Vessel piloted and conducted into or out of the Port of Sunderland between the thirty-first day of March and the first day of October in each year, at the rate of one shilling and threepence for every foot of water which such Vessel draws:

(2.) For every Vessel so piloted and conducted between the thirtieth of September in any year and the first of April in the following year, at the rate of one shilling and sixpence for each such foot:

(3.) Subject to the approval of the Board of Trade, the Commissioners may raise the Pilotage dues payable inwards for Vessels above five hundred tons register, in addition to the dues aforesaid, by any sum not exceeding one halfpenny per ton on the excess of register tonnage over and above that number of tons, and may subject the payment of such additional dues to such regulations as in their judgment will more effectually secure the boarding of such Vessels before they arrive within six miles of the port:

(4.) The Pilotage dues shall be paid to the Commissioners or to the Pilot performing such pilotage duty within five days after the performance thereof:

(5.) Subject to the foregoing provisions, the Commissioners may from time to time increase or diminish the said Pilotage dues, subject to the approval of the Board of Trade.

14. Nothing in this Order shall extend to oblige the Owner or Master of any Vessel to employ or make use of any Pilot in piloting or conducting such Vessel into or out of the said port, if he is not desirous so to do, or to pay any Pilotage dues when not employing or making use of a Pilot.

Miscellaneous.

15. All money (if any) standing in the books of the Trinity House of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the credit of the Sunderland Pilotage District, or lawfully applicable thereto, at the Time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order, shall be paid to the Commissioners incorporated by this Order.

16. All compensation money payable by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury under the provisions of section 12. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to the Trinity House of New'- castle-upnon-Tyne for differential dues payable in respect of the said district shall, after the passing of an Act confirming this Order, be paid to and received by the Commissioners.

17. If the services of any persons at the time of the passing of an Act confirming this Order permanently employed by the Trinity House oi Newcastle-upon-Tyne on duties connected with the Pilotage within the Sunderland District are not continued by the Commissioners, the Commissioners shall grant compensation to such persons out of the monies

28 & 29 VICT. O o to

286

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 59, 60.

to come into their hands by virtue of this Order, such compensation not to be granted except under circumstances and to an amount under and to which compensation might be granted under the Act or Acts for the time being in force with respect to compensation for abolition of office in the public Civil Service.

18. The present Pilot Master of the Port of Sunderland shall, if he so desires, be continued in his office at his present salary during good conduct, and so long as he shall efficiently perform the duties of such office.

19. Nothing in this Order shall exempt the Commissioners or the Pilotage district aforesaid from the provisions of any general Act of Parliament, now in force or hereafter to be parsed, relating to Pilotage or Pilotage dues, or to merchant shipping, or to ports, harbours, or docks, or to dues on shipping, or on goods carried therein, or from any future revision and alteration, under the authority of Parliament, of the Pilotage dues authorized by this Order, or of the limits of the district defined by this Order.

Owner of Dog to be liable in Damages for any Injury committed by his Dog.

Recovery of Damages.

Who shall be deemed the Owner of the Dog.

Extent of Act *

CAP. LX.

An Act to render Owners of Dogs in England and Wales liable for Injuries to Cattle and Sheep.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law as to the Liability of the Owners of Dogs for Injuries done to Cattle and Sheep by such Dogs: Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Owner of every Dog shall be liable in Damages for Injury done to any Cattle or Sheep by his Dog; and it shall not be necessary for the Party seeking such Damages to show a previous mischievous Propensity in such Dog, or the Owner's Knowledge of such

Previous Propensity, or that the Injury was attributable to Neglect on the Part of such owner. Such Damages shall be recoverable in any Court of competent Jurisdiction by the Owner of such Cattle or Sheep killed or injured. Where the Amount of the Damages claimed shall not exceed Five Pounds, the same shall be recoverable in a summary Way before any Justice or Justices sitting in Petty Sessions under the Provisions of the Act Eleven and Twelve Victoria, Chapter Forty-three.

2. The Occupier of any House or Premises where any Dog was kept or permitted to live or remain at the Time of such Injury shall be deemed to be the Owner of such Dog, and shall be liable as such, unless the said Occupier can prove that he was not the Owner of such Dog at the Time the Injury complained of was committed, and that such Dog was kept or permitted to live or remain in the said House or Premises without his Sanction or Knowledge: Provided always, that where there are more Occupiers than One in any House or Premises let in separate Apartments, or Lodgings, or otherwise, the Occupier of that particular Part of the Premises in which such Dog shall have been kept or permitted to live or remain at the Time of such Injury shall be deemed to be the Owner of such Dog.

8. This Act shall extend to England and Wales only.

287

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 61 >

CAP. LXI.

An Act for providing a further Sum towards defraying the Expenses of constructing Fortifications for the Protection of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and of creating a Central Arsenal.

[29th June 1865.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having further considered the State, Condition, and Sufficiency of the Fortifications existing for the Defence of the United Kingdom, and being desirous to provide forthwith for the Construction of certain Works for the Defence of Your Royal Arsenals and Dockyards and the Ports of Dover and Portland, and for the Creation of a Central Arsenal, have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty the further Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund, towards defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred for those Purposes, and we have resolved that a Sum not exceeding the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds be raised by such Terminable Annuities as herein-after mentioned, and we do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. Towards defraying the Expenses herein-after mentioned, any Sum or Sums, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be issued and applied out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the growing Produce thereof, and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Time to issue and apply the same accordingly.

The Sum of 650,000l. to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund towards Expenses after mentioned.

2. Such Sum or Sums as may be issued out of the Consolidated Fund, or the growing Appropriation Produce thereof, as aforesaid, shall be applied as mentioned in the Schedule to this Act of the Money towards defraying the Expenses incurred or to be incurred in constructing the aforesaid Fortifications and Works for the Defence of the Royal Arsenals and Dockyards of the constructing United Kingdom (including the Naval Establishment at Haulbowline\ and the Fortifications Fortifications, at Dover and Portland, and in purchasing the Land and Rights in Land that may be required for the Purposes of such Fortifications and Works; and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time apply such Sum or Sums accordingly:

Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to apply any of such Sums to any Work not specifically named in the Schedule, nor to apply to any Work any greater Sum than that which is set down in the Schedule as the total estimated Cost of the Work.

8. To provide for the Issues to be made out of the Consolidated Fund or the growing Treasury to Produce thereof, and to repay to the Consolidated Fund the Amount which may have been raise 650,000/L previously so issued under this Act, or for either of those Purposes, it shall be lawful for Annuities1for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or from Time to Time after the a Term not passing of this Act, to raise any Sum or Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Six exceeding hundred and fifty thousand Pounds as herein-after mentioned; and for raising all or any Tllirty Year*. Portions which may be so raised from Time to Time of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury to cause to be created, and vested in the Contributors to the said Sum or to the respective Portions thereof, Annuities for such Term not exceeding the Term of Thirty Years as the Commissioners of the Treasury may think fit to fix in the Contract with such Contributors, and to be payable half-yearly by equal Payments on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October.

4. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury from Time to Treasury to fix Time to contract, in such Manner and under such Regulations as they may deem advisable, ^Term*nd with any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who may be willing to Annuity to W

granted to Contributors for every 100/. and Terms of Payment of Subscription.

Power to Guardians, &c. to subscribe for Infants.

Time at which Annuities may be transferred.

Contributors may anticipate Payments.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 61.

advance the whole or any Part of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or of the Portion thereof which the said Commissioners may at any Time think it requisite to raise, and to appoint and fix the Amount and Times of Payment of Deposits and Instalments of or in respect of the Sums contracted to be advanced, and to declare and fix the Term and the Amount of Annuity to be created under this Act to which the several Persons and Corporations advancing such Sums (who are herein referred to as the Contributors), their respective Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall be entitled in respect of each One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, and to appoint on which of the half-yearly Days herein-before mentioned the First Half Year's Payment of Annuity shall become due, and the Time or Times at which the said Annuities or proportional Amounts thereof shall be placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and to fix the Time during which Receipts for such Deposits or Instalments as aforesaid shall be assignable; and the several Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall be entitled for every One hundred Pounds by them respectively advanced and paid to an Annuity for such Term and of such Amount as shall be so fixed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, to be payable during the Term so fixed by half-yearly Payments as aforesaid, the first half-yearly Payment to be due as the said Commissioners may have appointed as aforesaid.

5. It shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee having the Disposition of the Money of any Infant to contribute and pay for or towards advancing any Part of any Sum to be raised by Annuities in manner aforesaid; and such Infant, upon the Payment of such Sum or Sums subscribed by such Guardian or Trustee, shall become a Contributor within the Meaning of this Act, and be entitled to have and receive the Annuities, Advantages, and Payments in respect thereof in such and the like Manner as any other Contributor; and such Guardian or Trustee, as to the said Sum or Sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the Name of such Infant be expressed in the Receipt or Receipts for such Money.

6. All Deposits, Instalments, and Sums to be paid by the Contributors, their Executors or Administrators, Successors or Assigns, in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, shall be paid to the Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and as soon as any Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall, after Payment of the required Deposit, have made due Payment of any subsequent Instalment payable by them respectively on the Days appointed by the said Commissioners of the Treasury towards a Sum raised under this Act, such Contributors may have a proportional Amount of the Annuities to which they may be entitled in respect of such Instalment forthwith placed in the Books of the Bank of England to the Credit of such respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, and on Payment of the last Instalment such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall have a proportional Amount of like Annuities placed to their respective Credits corresponding, at the Rate aforesaid, to the aggregate Amount of the Deposit and of such last Instalment; and the Persons to whose Credit such Annuities, or such proportional Parts thereof, shall be so placed, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have Power to assign and transfer the same, or any Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, in the Books of the Bank of England (in such Manner as is herein-after directed); and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after Notice from the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Purpose, to prepare proper Books for the Purpose of entering the Names of all such Contributors, and of placing to their Credit the Annuities to which they will be entitled under this Act.

7. All such Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who shall pay into the Hands of the said Cashier or Cashiers the whole of their respective Contribution Money, or any Part thereof, in anticipation of the Instalments appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any of them, shall be entitled to have forthwith inscribed into their respective Names the whole or such proportional Amount of the said Annuities;

289

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 61.

but Discount shall not be allowed on any such Payment in anticipation of any of the said Instalments.

8. All the Annuities created under this Act shall be payable and paid and be transferable at the Bank of England.

9. So much Money shall from Time to Time be set apart and issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Annuities to be created under the Act, together with the Charges attending the same, and all the said Annuities shall be charged and chargeable upon and are hereby charged upon and made payable out of the said Consolidated Fund.

10. For the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities established by this Act, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors shall from Time to Time, until all the said Annuities shall have expired, appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One or other sufficient Person within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and so much of the Money by this Act to be set apart for the Purpose as shall be sufficient from Time to Time to answer the said Annuities and the Charges attending the same shall, by Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, without any further Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf, from Time to Time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed for Payment thereof, be issued and paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer to the said Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the Time being, by way of Imprest and upon Account for the Payment of the Dividends payable by virtue of this Act; and such Cashier or Cashiers to whom the said Money shall from Time to Time be issued shall from Time to Time, without Delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and the said Accountant General for the Time being shall from Time to Time inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence, or Delay.

11. The Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England who shall receive any Deposits or Instalments from Contributors in respect of any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to every such Contributor for all such Sums, and also Warrants for the proportional Amounts of Annuity to be created in respect of the Instalments intermediate between the Deposit and the last Instalment on the Payment of those Instalments respectively; and the Receipts and Warrants so to be given shall be assignable and transferable by Delivery thereof during such Time as shall have been fixed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and no longer; and such Cashier or Cashiers shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for duly answering and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer as after mentioned all the Monies which he or they shall hereafter receive from Time to Time of and for any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and for accounting duly for the same, and for Performance of the Trust hereby in him or them reposed, and shall from Time to Time pay all such Monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same or any Part thereof, or within Five Days afterwards at the furthest, into and shall account for the same in the Exchequer, according to the due Course thereof.

12. All such Sums of Money as shall be from Time to Time paid into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer in respect of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, or any Portion thereof, raised by Annuities as aforesaid, shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

13. In

Annuities payable, &c. at the Bank.

Money to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund for Payment of Annuities and Charges, and shall be charged upon the said Fund.

Bank of England to appoint a Cashier and an Accountant General, and Treasury to order Money to be issued to the Cashier for Payment of Annuities.

Cashier to giro Receipts for Subscriptions, and pay the Money he receives into the Exchequer.

The Money paid into the Exchequer to form Part of the Consolidated Fund

A Book to be kept in the Accountant General's Office for entering Contributors Names, and a Duplicate to be transmitted to the Exchequer.

Am to Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, forfeited.

Annuities to be deemed Personal Estate.

Accountant General to keep Books for entering Transfers.

No Stamp Duties to be charged on Transfers.

Power to Treasury to add Annuities created under this Act to Stock of existing Terminable Annuities of like Duration.

Allowance to Bank of England for the Expense of Management.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 61.

13. In the Office of the Accountant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being a Book or Books shall be provided and kept, in which the Names of the Contributors to any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, which may be raised under this Act, shall be fairly entered, which Book or Books the said respective Contributors, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall and may from Time to Time and at all seasonable Times resort to and inspect without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, at such Time or Times as may be directed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, transmit an attested Duplicate fairly written on Paper of the said Book or Books into the Office of the Receipt of the Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

14. In case any such Contributors to any Portion of the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds which may be raised under this Act, after having paid to the said Cashier or Cashiers any Sum or Sums of Money as a Deposit, at the Time and in the Manner appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, in part of the Sum or Sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, shall not advance and pay to the said Cashier or Cashiers the Residue of the Sum or Sums so subscribed at the Times and in the Manner which shall have been appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, then and in every such Case such Deposit shall be forfeited for the Benefit of the Public, and all Right and Title to the said Deposit, and to the Annuity in respect thereof, shall be extinguished.

15. All Persons and Corporations who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities which may be created under this Act, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise.

16. Books shall be constantly kept by the said Accountant General for the Time being wherein all Assignments or Transfers of all Annuities created under this Act shall be entered and registered, which Entry shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or, if such Parties be absent, by their respective Attorney or Attorneys thereunto lawfully authorized in Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be attested by Two or more Witnesses; and the several Persons to whom such Transfers shall be made may respectively underwrite their Acceptance thereof, and no other Method of assigning and transferring the said Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good or available in Law; and no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said Transfers, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

17. Provided, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, if they think it expedient so to do, for raising all or any Portion of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, to contract and provide that all or any of the Terminable Annuities to be created under the Provisions of this Act in respect of such Sum or Portion as aforesaid shall be consolidated with and deemed Part of the Joint Stock of the Terminable Annuities created by the Act of the Session holden in the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighteen, or of the Joint Stock of any Terminable Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, and charged on the Consolidated Fund, by the Authority of Parliament, for the same Term for the Time being unexpired, and payable on the same half-yearly Days, as the Annuities which they may contract to create, and in every such Case the Annuities to be created under this Act shall be added to and form Part of the Joint Stock of the previously existing Annuities accordingly.

18. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to direct the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England of the Sum of Six hundred Pounds for the said Contributions as.an Allowance for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said Cashier or Cashiers employed in receiving, paying, and accounting for the same, and also for the Service, Pains, and Labour of the said

Accountant

291

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 61.

Accountant General for performing the Trust reposed in him by this Act, which Allowance in respect of the Service, Pains, and Labour of trie said Cashier or Cashiers and Accountant General of the said Governor and Company shall be for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only.

19. The Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal, the Expenses of constructing and providing which are to be defrayed under this Act, shall be constructed and provided respectively under the Direction of Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, and the Land to be purchased and acquired for the Purposes of such Fortifications, Works, and Central Arsenal shall be vested in the said Secretary of State on behalf of Her Majesty.

20. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall in the Month of April in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and in every subsequent Year in which any Part of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds shall be issued from the Consolidated Fund or raised by Annuities under this Act, cause to be prepared an Account of the Monies raised under this Act up to the First Day of that Month, and of the Amount of Annuities created in respect of the Money so raised, and of the Monies which shall have been issued out of the Consolidated Fund in respect of the Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds charged on that Fund under this Act up to the First Day of April, specially showing the Works or Purposes for or in respect of which the Monies may have been applied, and showing the Amount, if any, which may remain to be raised of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds authorized to be raised under this Act, and the Amount, if any, remaining to be issued or applied of the said Sum of Six hundred and fifty thousand Pounds charged on the said Consolidated Fund; and every such Account shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament forthwith after the Preparation thereof, or if Parliament be not sitting then within Fourteen Days after the next meeting of Parliament.

21. If any Person shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any Receipt or Receipts for the whole or any Part or Parts of the said Contributions towards any Sum raised under this Act, either with or without the Name or Names of any Person or Persons being inserted therein as the Contributor or Contributors thereto, or Payer or Payers thereof or of any Part or Parts thereof, or shall alter any Number, Figure, or Word therein, or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered Receipt or Receipts, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, every such person so forging or counterfeiting or altering, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited or altered, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, shall be guilty of Felony, and being convicted thereof shall, at the Discretion of the Court, be liable to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not less than Three Years, or to be imprisoned, with or without Hard Labour, or with or without Solitary Confinement, for any Term not exceeding Two Years.

22. The said Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act until the Annuities created under this Act shall cease.

Fortifications, &c. to be executed under the Direction of the Secretary of State for War.

Accounts to be laid beforo Parliament.

Persons counterfeiting Receipts for Contributions, &c. guilty of Felony.

Bank to continue a Corporation till the Annuities hereby granted cease.

SOHE-

292

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 61.

SCHEDULE.

Expended A TYiAnnt Amount Further

Station. District Name of Work. Estimated Cost to 31st March iiuiuuiu already voted. proposed Amount to

i 1865. 1865-6. complete.

Portsmouth - Spithead and Sea £ £ £ £ £

Defences:

Outer Line - Horse Sand Fort 260,000 1

No Man's Land - 290.000 Y 107, 167 158,000 150,000 552,000

Other Spithead Works- 310,000 J

Puck pool and St. Helen's 87,000 16, 092 32,000 20,000 35,000

Batteries.

Inner Line - Gilkicker Battery Southsea Castle - 1 50,000 1 1, 655 25,000 5,000 20,000

Eastney Batteries Lumps Battery - i V 55,000 30, 453 45,000 10,000

Defences of Needles Passage. Hurst Castle Needles Battery - -s 108,000 39, 707 73,000 20,000 15,000

Hatherwood Warden Point -Cliff End Golden Hill 80,000 28, 655 57, 500 15, 500 7,000

Isle of Wight:

Coast Defences - Sandown Bay Defences ]

Military Road and Posts for Defence of South- 1 I 140,000 106, 434 120,000 20,000 —

west Coast J

Land Defences:

Outer Line - Fort Purbrook and Out-

works.

Fort Widley Fort Southwick -Fort Nelson Fort Wallington -Fort Fareham 535,000 352, 382 463,000 40,000 32,000

Inner Line - Hilsea Lines Fort Grange Fort Rowner Fort Brockhurst - 308,000 213, 261 278,000 30,000 —

Stokes Bay Lines J

Plymouth - Harbour Defences:

Outer Line - Staddon Poifit Battery 60,000 12, 761 40,000 10,000 10,000

Breakwater Battery 145,000 69, 805 70,000 30.000 20.000 45,000

Picklecombe Battery - 80,000 25, 522 45,000 15,000

Cawsand Bay 13,000 12, 929 13,000 -

Inner Line - Mount Edgcumbe Bat-

tery. Drake's Island Battery Western King Battery Eastern King Battery - - 47,000 36, 885 47,000 -

Land Defences:

Antony Fort Tregantle -Fort Scraesdon - J. 260,000 208, 547 255,000 5,000 —

Maker - Knatterbury Whitesand Bay - 1 |> 35,000 12, 989 14,000 1,000 20,000

Maker Barrack -

N.E. Division North-eastern Defences 350,000 58, 685 140,000 80,000 130,000

Staddon Staddon Fort Fort Stamford - 1 |> 168,000 127, 384 163,000 — 5,000

Devonport - Devonport Lines - 10,000 7, 537 9, 500 500 —

Station.

District.

Pembroke -

Portland

Gravesend

Medway and Sheerness.

Chatham

Dover

Cork

Milford Haven: Sea Defences -

Land Defences

Stack Hock Fort -South Hook Battery -Hubberstone Battery -Popton Battery -Chapel Bay Battery -

Fort Scoveston (North of Milford Haven). Works to Southward of Milford Haven.

Verne Citadel and Batteries connected therewith.

Nothe Fort Breakwater Batteries

Coalhouse Fort -Cliffe Fort -Shornmead Slough Battery -

Isle of Grain Garrison Point Hoo Fort Darnet Fort

Works in front of Mile Town.

Eastern Defences

Castle Hill Fort Dover Castle Western Heights

Spike Island Defences -Carlisle Fort -Camden Fort

Total Works

Incidental Expenses (Works and Experiments)

Site for Central Arsenal -

Lands, including Cost of Surveys, Surveyors* Charges, legal and other incidental Expenses .....

Portland

Thames

Sea Defences

Works in front of Mile Town.

Eastern

Dover

Cork

Name of Work.

Provided for by 23 & 24 Vict c. 109. Provided for by 25 & 26 Vict c. 78. Provided for by 26 & 27 Vict. c. 80. Provided for by 27 & 28 Vict c. 109. Total of this Enactment -

Total of the Five Enactments

Estimated Cost Expended to 31st March 1865. Amount already voted. Amount proposed 1865-6. Further Amount to complete.

* N £ £ £ £ £

216,000 155, 197 198,000 14,000 4,000

50,000 14, 569 36,000 10,000 4,000

80,000 — 25,000 — 55,000

120,000 90, 550 107,000 10,000 3,000

87,000 145,000 73, 725 55, 449 80,000 85,000 4,000 10,000 3,000 50,000

90.000 80.000 80,000 20,000 39, 621 32, 795 30, 342 5, 719 60,000 53.000 50.000 10.000 5.000 7.000 5,000 10,000 25.000 20.000 25,000

J. 180,000 111, 268 146,000 24,000 10,000

109,000 55, 889 74,000 — 35,000

40,000 14, 865 25,000 — 15,000

500,000 — — — 500,000

I 278,000 245, 027 275,000 — 3,000

10,000 79.000 70.000 2, 443 21, 888 15, 199 6,000 42.000 30.000 2,000 7,000 15,000 2,000 30.000 25.000

5, 625,000 2, 433, 396 3, 350,000 580,000 1, 695,000

140.000 150.000 114, 500 120,000 20,000 150,000

1, 080,000 1, 026, 997 1, 030,000 50,000

6, 995,000 8, 574, 893 4, 500,000 650,000 1, 845,000

£ 2,000,000

- - 1, 200,000

. - 650,000

- 650,000

- - 650,000

I - - £5, 150,000

28 St 29 VICT.

PP

294

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 62, 63.

8 & 4 W.4,

c. 30.

Places exclusively appropriated to

Religious Worship in Scotland not liable for Poor Rates.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to provide for the Exemption of Churches and Chapels in Scotland from Poor Rates.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS by the Act Third and Fourth William the Fourth, Chapter Thirty, it is provided that no Person shall be liable to be rated for or to pay Church or Poor (Rates for or in respect of any Churches, District Churches, Chapels, Meeting Houses,

or Premises exclusively appropriated to Public Religious Worship, and which (other than s Churches, District Churches, and Episcopal Chapels of the Established Church) shall be duly certified for the Performance of such Religious Worship according to the s Provision of any Act then in force; and that no Person shall be liable to such Rates, because such Churches, Chapels, Meeting Houses, or other Premises, or any Vestry Rooms

belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, may be used for Sunday or Infant Schools, or for the charitable Education of the Poor: And whereas, according to the general Practice in Scotland, Churches and Chapels are exempted from Poor Rates, but Doubts have been (entertained whether the recited Act extends to Scotland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L No Person shall be rated or be liable to be rated for or to pay any Poor Rates for or in respect of any Church, Chapel, Meeting House, or Premises in Scotland exclusively appropriated to Public Religious Worship; and no Person shall be liable to any such Rates because such Church, Chapel, Meeting House, or other Premises, or any Room belonging thereto, or any Part thereof, may be used for Sunday or Infant Schools, or for the charitable Education of the Poor.

CAP. LXIII.

Definitions: "Colony

" Legislature/* " Colonial Legislature:' *

" Representative Legislature: *

* Colonial Law:

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Colonial Laws.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS Doubts have been entertained respecting the Validity of divers Laws enacted or purporting to have been enacted by the Legislatures of certain of Her Majesty's Colonies, and respecting the Powers of such Legislatures, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed:

Be it hereby enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Term "Colony" shall in this Act include all of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad in which there shall exist a Legislature, as herein-after defined, except the Channel Islands, the Isle of Man, and such Territories as may for the Time being be vested in Her Majesty under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament for the Government of India:

The Terms "Legislature" and "Colonial Legislature" shall severally signify the Authority, other than the Imperial Parliament or Her Majesty in Council, competent to make Laws for any Colony:

The Term "Representative Legislature" shall signify any Colonial Legislature which shall comprise a Legislative Body of which One Half are elected by Inhabitants of the Colony:

The Term "Colonial Law" shall include Laws made for any Colony either by such Legislature as aforesaid or by Her Majesty in Council:

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 63.

An Act of Parliament, or any Provision thereof, shall, in construing this Act, be said to extend to any Colony when it is made applicable to such Colony by the express Words or necessary Intendment of any Act of Parliament:

The Term "Governor" shall mean the Officer lawfully administering the Government of any Colony:

The Term "Letters Patent" shall mean Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

2. Any Colonial Law which is or shall be in any respect repugnant to the Provisions of any Act of Parliament extending to the Colony to which such Law may relate, or repugnant to any Order or Regulation made under Authority of such Act of Parliament, or having in the Colony the Force and Effect of such Act, shall be read subject to such Act, Order, or Regulation, and shall, to the Extent of such Repugnancy, but not otherwise, be and remain absolutely void and inoperative.

3. No Colonial Law shall be or be deemed to have been void or inoperative on the Ground of Repugnancy to the Law of England, unless the same shall be repugnant to the Provisions of some such Act of Parliament, Order, or Regulation as aforesaid.

4. No Colonial Law, passed with the Concurrence of or assented to by the Governor of any Colony, or to be hereafter so passed or assented to, shall be or be deemed to have been void or inoperative by reason only of any Instructions with reference to such Law or the Subject thereof which may have been given to such Governor by or on behalf of Her Majesty, by any Instrument other than the Letters Patent or Instrument authorizing such Governor to concur in passing or to assent to Laws for the Peace, Order, and good Government of such Colony, even though such Instructions may be referred to in such Letters Patent or last-mentioned Instrument.

5. Every Colonial Legislature shall have, and be deemed at all Times to have had, full Power within its Jurisdiction to establish Courts of Judicature, and to abolish and reconstitute the same, and to alter the Constitution thereof, and to make Provision for the Administration of Justice therein; and every Representative Legislature shall, in respect to the Colony under its Jurisdiction, have, and be deemed at all Times to have had, full Power to make Laws respecting the Constitution, Powers, and Procedure of such Legislature; provided that such Laws shall have been passed in such Manner and Form as may from Time to Time be required by any Act of Parliament, Letters Patent, Order in Council, or Colonial Law for the Time being in force in the said Colony.

6. The Certificate of the Clerk or other proper Officer of a Legislative Body in any Colony to the Effect that the Document to which it is attached is a true Copy of any Colonial Law assented to by the Governor of such Colony, or of any Bill reserved for the Signification of Her Majesty's Pleasure by the said Governor, shall be prima facie Evidence that the Document so certified is a true Copy of such Law or Bill, and, as the Case may be, that such Law has been duly and properly passed and assented to, or that such Bill has been duly and properly passed and presented to the Governor; and any Proclamation purporting to be published by Authority of the Governor in any Newspaper in the Colony to which such Law or Bill shall relate, and signifying Her Majesty's Disallowance of any such Colonial Law, or Her Majesty's Assent to any such reserved Bill as aforesaid, shall be prima facie Evidence of such Disallowance or Assent.

And whereas Doubts are entertained respecting the Validity of certain Acts enacted or reputed to be enacted by the Legislature of South Australia: Be it further enacted as follows:

7. All Laws or reputed Laws enacted or purporting to have been enacted by the said Legislature, or by Persons or Bodies of Persons for the Time being acting as such Legislature, which have received the Assent of Her Majesty in Council, or which have received the Assent of the Governor of the said Colony in the Name and on behalf of Her Majesty, shall be and be deemed to have been valid and effectual from the Date of such Assent for all

295

Act of Parliament, &c. to extend to Colony when made applicable to such Colony:

M Governor " Letters Patent *

Colonial Law when void for Repugnancy.

Colonial Law when not void for Repugnancy.

Colonial Law not void for Inconsistency with Instructions.

Colonial Legislature may establish, &c. Courts of Law. Representative Legislature may alter Constitution.

Certified Copies of Laws to be Evidence that they are properly passed.

Proclamation to be Evidence of Assent and Disallowance.

Certain Acts

enacted by Legislature of South Australia to be valid.

Colonial Laws establishing Validity or Marriages to have Effect throughout Her Majesty's Dominions, but only where Parties are competent to contract Marriage. Definition of M Legislature.* '

23 & 24 Vict. c. 112.

Interpretation of Words " Barns, Hovels," &c. in Sect 34. of recited Act. Act and recited Act to be construed together.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 63, 64, 65.

Purposes whatever; provided that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to give Effect to any Law or reputed Law which has been disallowed by Her Majesty, or has expired, or has been lawfully repealed, or to prevent the lawful Disallowance or Repeal of any Law.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Validity of certain Marriages contracted in Her Majesty's Possessions abroad.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS Laws have from Time to Time been made by the Legislatures of divers of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad for the Purpose of establishing the Validity of certain Marriages previously contracted therein, but Doubts are entertained whether such i Laws are in all respects effectual for the aforesaid Purpose beyond the Limits of such Possessions Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Every Law made or to be made by the Legislature of any such Possession as aforesaid for the Purpose of establishing the Validity of any Marriage or Marriages contracted in such Possession shall have and be deemed to have had from the Date of the making of such Law the same Force and Effect for the Purpose aforesaid within all Parts of Her Majesty's Dominions as such Law may have had or may hereafter have within the Possession for which the same was made: Provided that nothing in this Law contained shall give any Effect or Validity to any Marriage unless at the Time of such Marriage both of the Parties thereto were, according to the Law of England, competent to contract the same.

2. In this Act the Word " Legislature " shall include any Authority competent to make Laws for any of Her Majesty's Possessions abroad, except the Parliament of the United Kingdom and Her Majesty in Council.

CAP. LXV.

An Act to explain " The Defence Act, 1860." [29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to explain " The Defence Act, 1860:'" Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

1. The Words " Barns, Hovels, and other like Structures of Wood " in the Thirty-fourth Section of the said Act shall be construed to mean only such Barns and Hovels as are constructed altogether of Wood, and are used for the Shelter of Cattle or Sheep, or for the Storage of agricultural Produce, or for some other like agricultural Purpose.

2. This Act may be read and construed as Part of the said recited Act

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 66.

297

ment of Act.

Maltster entitled to have the Duty upon Malt made by him charged according to the Weight of the Grain used.

Cover to be affixed to Cistern.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act to allow the charging of tie Excise Duty on Malt according to the Weight of the Grain used.

[29th June 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall (except where otherwise expressly enacted) commence and take effect Commence-on the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

2. Any Maltster who shall desire to have the Duty payable upon Malt made by him charged according to the Weight of the Corn or Grain used in the making of such Malt under the Provisions of this Act shall give Notice in Writing of such his Desire to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he shall be, and upon his complying with the Provisions of this Act in other respects he shall be entitled to have the Duty charged accordingly in respect of any Corn or Grain which he shall wet or steep at any Time and from Time to Time after the Expiration of Four clear Days from the giving of such Notice: Provided always, that if the Maltster who shall have given such Notice shall not begin to make, or shall discontinue making, Malt to be charged with Duty under the Provisions of this Act for the Space of One Calendar Month, the Notice given by him shall be of no further Avail, and he shall not be entitled to the Privilege of having the Duty on Malt made by him charged under the Provisions of this Act until after he shall have given a fresh Notice in the Manner herein-before required.

3. Every Maltster who shall have given such Notice as aforesaid shall, before he shall place any Corn or Grain in any Cistern for the Purpose of being made into Malt to be charged with Duty under the Provisions of this Act, provide and affix to such Cistern a proper and secure Cover, with proper Fastenings, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise, or any other Officer of Excise of superior Rank to a Supervisor; and such Cover shall, when there shall be any Corn or Grain in such Cistern, be kept locked and secured by the Officers of Excise during such Period of Time as the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall by their Regulation or Order direct in that Behalf; and no Maltster shall, after such Cover shall have been locked and secured as aforesaid, open, remove, or damage such Cover, or obtain Access to the Corn or Grain in such Cistern.

4. The Maltster shall give Forty-eight Hours Notice in Writing to the Officer of Excise under whose Survey he shall be of the Day and Hour when he intends to steep Corn or Grain to be made into Malt under the Provisions of this Act; and in such Notice the Maltster shall specify the Day and the particular Hour when he intends to place the Corn or Grain in the Cistern (which Hour shall not be later shall Twelve o'Clock at Noon of the Day preceding the Day on which it is intended to steep such Corn or Grain); and if any Notice shall be given contrary hereto, or if the whole of the Corn or Grain shall not be steeped within Three Hours, or placed in the Cistern within One Hour, after the respective Times mentioned in any Notice in that Behalf, such Notice shall be null and void.

5. The Maltster, or his chief Workman or Servant, shall, immediately after the Corn or Declaration to

Grain shall have been placed in the Cistern for the Purpose of being made into Malt under ^Tof f the

the Provisions of this Act, fill up and sign a Declaration in Writing, stating the true Gram to be Weight per Bushel of the Corn or Grain so intended to be made into Malt as aforesaid; and steeped, such Declaration shall be delivered by the said Maltster, or his chief Workman or Servant,

to the Officer of Excise on his First Visit after the Corn or Grain shall have been placed in the Cistern as aforesaid; and no other or different Corn or Grain shall be substituted for the Corn or Grain, or any Part thereof, which shall have been placed in any Cistern for the Purpose of being made into Malt under the Provisions of this Act after the same shall have been taken Account of by any Officer of Excise.

6. After any Corn or Grain shall have been placed in the Cistern the Weight thereof Mode of shall be ascertained by any Officer of Excise, who shall take a Sample or Samples of such

Com Grain.

Notice to be given of the steeping of Grain.

Mode of calculating Duty on Malt when charged according to Weight

Maltaterto provide Scales and Weights and Bushel Measure.

Officer may wei^h any Grain in the Malthouse of a Maltster making Malt under the Provisions of this Act.

Penalty where the Weight of Grain shall exceed declared Weight

Grain making into Malt may be sprinkled at the Expiration of Ninety Hours after being emptied from Cistern.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 60.

Corn or Grain before any Water shall be added thereto; and the Weight of a Bushel of the Corn or Grain so taken as a Sample or Samples as aforesaid, after the same shall have been screened and cleaned (if the Officer shall think fit to require such screening and cleaning), shall be deemed to be the Weight per Bushel of the whole of the Corn or Grain in the Cistern: Provided that if in the Weight of the Sample Bushel there shall be a Fraction of a Pound amounting to One Half or upwards, such Fraction shall be reckoned as an entire Pound, but no Account shall be taken of any Fraction less than Half a Pound.

7. For the Purpose of calculating and charging the Duty upon Malt made under the Provisions of this Act, a measured Bushel of dry Corn or Gram of the Weight of Fifty-three Pounds Avoirdupois shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be the standard Weight on which the Amount of Duty payable upon a Bushel of Malt shall be chargeable; and in order to ascertain the Number of Bushels of Malt to be charged on any steeping of Corn or Grain to be made into Malt, the Quantity shall first be calculated by Gauge according to the existing Laws and Regulations in that Behalf, and such Quantity shall then be multiplied by the Number of Pounds which the Sample Bushel taken from such Corn or Grain in the Manner directed by this Act shall be found to weigh, and the Product be divided by Fifty-three, and the Quotient of such Division shall be the Quantity upon which the Duty shall be charged: Provided that if no Sample Bushel of the Corn or Grain shall have been taken as herein-before directed, then the Quanty of Malt, when calculated by Gauge as aforesaid, shall be multiplied by the Weight of a Bushel of the Corn or Grain as declared by the Maltster, his Workman or Servant, and the Product be divided as aforesaid.

8. The Maltster shall provide and keep proper and correct Scales and Weights, and a correct Bushel Measure, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise of the District in which the Malthouse is situated for the Purpose of weighing and measuring Corn and Grain to be made into Malt under the Provisions of this Act; and such Scales and Weights and Measure shall at all Times be kept in the Malthouse, and such Maltster and his Servants shall allow any Officer of Excise to use the same, and shall also, upon Request, render to any such Officer who shall be desirous of weighing or measuring such Corn or Grain, or any Part thereof, such Assistance as the said Officer shall require.

9. It shall be lawful for any Supervisor of Excise, or any other Officer of Excise of superior Rank to a Supervisor, to measure and weigh any Corn or Grain in the Malthouse of any Maltster who shall make Malt under the Provisions of this Act, and for that Purpose to use the Weights and Scales and Bushel Measure belonging to such Maltster; and the Maltster and his Workmen or Servants shall, when requested by any such Supervisor or other Officer as aforesaid, render to them respectively such Assistance as they may require in measuring and weighing such Corn or Grain.

10. If after any Corn or Grain shall have been placed in the Cistern for the Purpose of being made into Malt under the Provisions of this Act, and before the wetting thereof the Weight of a Bushel of such Corn or Grain (screened and cleaned as aforesaid, if the Officer shall require it) shall be found by any Officer of Excise to be in excess of the Weight declared by the Maltster or his chief Workman or Servant by such Declaration as aforesaid in a greater Proportion than Two Pounds Avoirdupois per Bushel, the Maltster shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

U. That it shall be lawful for any Maltster to water or sprinkle any Corn or Grain making into Malt at the Expiration of Ninety Hours after the same shall have been taken out of the Cistern, provided such Corn or Grain shall have been kept covered with Water in the Cistern for the full Space of Fifty Hours from the Time of such Corn or Grain being first wetted or steeped, and the Maltster shall have given to the Officer of Excise Twenty-four Hours previous Notice in Writing of his Intention to water or sprinkle such Corn or Grain as aforesaid, anything in any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

12. If

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 60, 67. 299

12. If any Act, Matter, or Thing by this Act required or directed to be done or Penalty for performed by any Maltster or his Workman or Servant shall be omitted or neglected

or refused to be done or performed by them respectively, or if any Act, Matter, or Thing Act. prohibited by this Act shall be done or permitted by any Maltster or his Workman or Servant, the Maltster shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds over and above any other Penalty or Penalties to which he may be subject under any other Act now in force,

13. The Condition numbered Three " in the Twenty-eighth Section of the Act Condition passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter No. 3. in One hundred and thirteen, is hereby repealed; and no Malt shall be exported on Drawback 24 Vict. which, after having been screened and cleaned as directed in the said Section, shall be c. 113. re-of less Weight than Thirty-six Pounds or of greater Weight than Forty-four Pounds pealed, and Avoirdupois per Bushel; and the Amount of Drawback allowed by Law upon the ^onfmade. Exportation of Malt shall be calculated in the following Manner; (that is to say,) when

the Malt is of the Weight of Thirty-six Pounds and under Forty Pounds Avoirdupois per Bushel, the Amount of Drawback allowable by Law upon a Bushel of Malt shall be allowed and paid in respect of every Forty Pounds Avoirdupois of the Malt exported; and when the Malt shall weigh Forty Pounds Avoirdupois or upwards per Bushel, the Drawback shall be allowed and paid according to the Quantity ascertained by Measure as heretofore; subject, however, in either Case, to the Deduction of Seven and a Half per Centum upon the Quantity ascertained as directed by the Thirtieth Section of the above-mentioned Act.

14. The several Portions of Acts herein-after mentioned relating to the making of Malt 12 G. 1. c. 4. for Exportation, and the Exportation of Malt, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, 5^J» save and except as to any Malt made for Exportation before the Commencement of this c. is. ss. 12 to Act; (that is to say,) Sections Forty-eight to Fifty-nine, both inclusive, of the Act I6, andi8&i9, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Four, E^rtotio^of and Sections Twelve to Sixteen, both inclusive, and Sections Eighteen and Nineteen, M^onDraw-of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of Bang George the Fourth, Chapter back, repealed. Eighteen.

15. Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to repeal, alter, or affect any of the Pro- Not to repeal visions contained in any Act now in force relating to the Manufacture of Malt, or the Provisions of Duties imposed thereon, save and except so far as such Provisions shall be specially ^£rMalt repealed or altered by or be repugnant to the Provisions of this Act.

16. This Act shall continue and be in force for Four Years from the passing thereof, Continuance and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and shall then expire except of Act

as to any Act done or Offence committed, or any Penalty or Forfeiture previously incurred.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Sixty-two, intituled An Act for erecting

an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin; and the said Act was amended by an Act of the First Year of His late Majesty King George the

Fourth, Chapter Sixty-nine: And whereas a further Act was passed in the Session held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of his late Majesty Bang William the Fourth, being An 6 & 7 W. 4. 1 Act to amend several Acts relating to the Harbour of Kingstown, by which it was, amongst c*117 *

other

56 G. 3. c. 62.

1 G. 4. C. 69.

300

1 & 2 Vict c. 36

Threepence a Ton on all Vessels entering Kingstown, and taking in Cargo.

Gunpowder not to be brought into the Harbour except in conformity with Regulations of Harbour Master.

Penalty for refusing to comply with Directions of Harbour Master.

Exemption for Her Majesty's Ships.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 07.

other things, enacted, that the old Harbour of Dunleary, together with the new Harbour then in course of Erection, should thenceforth be constituted One Harbour, under the Name and Title of " Kingstown Harbour And whereas another Act was passed in the Session held in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty the now Queen,

intituled An Act to make further Provisions and to amend the Acts relating to the Harbour

of Kingstown, and the Port and Harbour of Dublin: And whereas in consequence of the increased Number of Vessels entering the Harbour of Kingstown in Ballast, and leaving the same with Cargoes of Iron Ores and Pyrites and other Produce of Mines, as well as (with other Cargoes, it has become necessary to enlarge the Wharfs and Quays of the said Harbour, and afford increased Accommodation thereat; and it is intended to enlarge a certain Quay situate in the said Harbour, now known as the Coal Quay, and to construct other Works for increasing the Wharfs and Quays of the said Harbour: And whereas it is reasonable that all Vessels entering the said Harbour in Ballast, and taking away

Cargoes as aforesaid, should pay the Rates herein-after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. From and after the passing of this Act, all Vessels entering the said Harbour of Kingstown in Ballast from any Part of the Port of Dublin, and which, while within such Harbour, or Five hundred Yards of the Entrance thereof, shall take in a Cargo of Ores or Pyrites, or other Produce of any Mines, or of any other Matter or Thing, shall, in addition to the Rates payable under the said recited Acts or any of them, be liable to pay to the Commissioners of the said Harbour, or their Collector, a Tonnage Rate to be from Time to Time fixed and appointed by the said Commissioners, not exceeding Threepence per Ton, according to the registered Tonnage of such Vessel,

2. From and after the passing of this Act, if any Owner, Master, or Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel (unless driven by Stress of Weather) shall bring the same into the said Harbour of Kingstown, having on board any Quantity of Gunpowder exceeding One hundred Pounds, without having previously obtained the Permission of the Harbour Master of the said Harbour signified in Writing under his Hand, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any such Quantity of Gunpowder to be placed or to be on board of any such Ship or Vessel while within such Harbour without such Permission as aforesaid, or if any Person without such Permission as aforesaid shall knowinglyplace any such Quantity of Gunpowder as aforesaid in or upon any Vessel within the said Harbour, every such Owner, Master, or other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the Commissioners of the said Harbour the Sum not exceeding Two hundred Pounas for every such Offence.

3. In case any such Owner, Master, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel on board which any such Quantity of Gunpowder may be shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move, or remove his Ship or Vessel according to the Direction from Time to Time given by the Harbour Master, or shall refuse or neglect to follow and obey any Directions of the said Harbour Master with respect to the Storage and Custody of such Gunpowder immediately when Notice to him or them of such Directions as aforesaid shall be given or left with any Person or Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master, or other Person aforesaid shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the said Harbour Master, in case any Direction so given by him shall be disobeyed as aforesaid, forthwith to destroy all such Gunpowder, and for that Purpose to enter upon every such Ship or Vessel and make search for the same; and in case the said Harbour Master shall be obstructed in so doing by any Person or Persons whomsoever, then every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

4. Nothing herein contained shall apply to any Ship or Vessel belonging to Her Majesty or in Her Majesty's Service; but if any Person shall claim the Benefit of this Exemption, not being entitled thereto, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners a Sum not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 67, 68.

5. All the Powers and Provisions in the said Acts contained and now in force with respect to the Recovery of Rates, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the seizing or distraining for the same, shall apply to the Rates, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by this Act; and the said Rates, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be applicable to the like Purposes as the Rates and Penalties now payable to the Commissioners of the said Harbour under the Provisions of the Acts aforesaid, or any of them.

6. This Act and the herein-before recited Acts shall be read together as One Act.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to enable the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, to grant Superannuation Allowances to Persons employed in their Service.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made for granting Superannua-c tion Allowances to Officers, Clerks, and other Persons on the permanent Establish-

ment of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, as in other Departments of the

Public Service:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L Subject to the Exceptions and Provisions herein-after contained, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to pay out of their Common Fund Allowances on Retirement to Persons who shall have served in an established Capacity in the permanent Service of the Commissioners, not exceeding the following Scale; viz.,

To any Person who shall have served Ten Years and upwards and under Eleven Years, an annual Allowance of Ten Sixtieths of the annual Salary and Emoluments of his Office:

For Eleven Years and under Twelve Years, an annual Allowance of Eleven Sixtieths of such Salary and Emoluments; and in like Manner a further Addition to the annual Allowance of One Sixtieth in respect of each additional Year of such Service until the Completion of a Period of Service of Forty Years, when the annual Allowance of Forty Sixtieths may be granted; and no Addition shall be made in respect of any Service beyond Forty Years.

2. It shall be lawful for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners to grant to any Person in their Service who being the Holder of an Office in respect of which a Superannuation Allowance may be granted, but not having completed the Period which would have entitled him to a Superannuation Allowance, is compelled to quit their Service by reason of severe bodily Injury occasioned, without his own Default, in the Discharge of his Duty, a Gratuity not exceeding Three Months Pay for every Two Years Service, or a Superannuation Allowance not exceeding Ten Sixtieths of the annual Salary and Emoluments of his Office, or to any such Person as aforesaid who is constrained from Infirmity of Mind or Body to leave the Service of the Commissioners before the Completion of the Period which would entitle him to a Superannuation Allowance, such Sum of Money by way of Gratuity as the said Commissioners shall think proper, but so that no Gratuity shall exceed the Amount of One Month's Pay for each Year's Service.

3. No Superannuation or Compensation Allowance or Gratuity under this Act shall be granted to any Person until the Application with the Certificate and Award of the said Commissioners shall have been submitted to and approved of by the Commissioners of the Treasury; provided also, that if any Question shall arise as to the Claim of any Person for Superannuation under this Act it shall be referred to the Commissioners of the Treasury, whose Decision shall be final.

28 & 29 Vict. Q q 4. It

301

Provisions of former Acts extended to this Act.

This and recited Acts to be as One.

Power to Commissioners, out of their Common Fund, to grant retired Allowances.

Power to grant Gratuities in certain Cases where Officials not entitled by Length of Service to Super, annuation.

No Superannuation to be granted unless approved by Treasury.

Restrictions as to Grant of full Superannuation Allowance.

Under special Circumstances an Increase may be made to regular Superannuation Allowance.

Superannuation not to be granted to Persons under 60, except upon Medical Certificate. Where Superannuation granted to any Person under 60, he shall be liable to be recalled to Service.

Who to be deemed in Service of Commissioners.

Return of Superannuations to be inserted in annual Report.

17 G. 3. c. 53. 21 G. 3. c. 66. 7 G. 4. c. 66.

1 & 2 Vict c. 23.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 68, 69.

4. It shall not be lawful for the said Commissioners to grant the full Amount of Superannuation Allowance which can be granted under this Act to any Person, other than the Secretary, unless upon Production of a Certificate signed by the Secretary that such Person has served with Diligence and Fidelity to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners; provided that the said Commissioners may grant to any Person any such Allowance of lees Amount than otherwise would have been awarded to him where his Defaults or Demerit may appear to them to justify such Diminution.

5. In computing the Amount of Superannuation Allowance to be granted to any Person under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, under special Circumstances, to be stated to the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to direct that any Number of Years not exceeding Ten Years in the whole be added to the Number of Years during which such Person may have actually served.

6. It shall not be lawful to grant any Superannuation Allowance under the Provisions of this Act to any Person who shall be under Sixty Years of Age, unless upon Medical Certificate to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners that he is incapable, from Infirmity of Mind or Body, to discharge the Duties of his Situation, and that such Infirmity is likely to be permanent.

7. Every Person to whom a Superannuation or Compensation Allowance shall have been granted before he shall have attained the Age of' Sixty Years shall, until he shall have attained that Age, be liable to be recalled into the Service of the said Commissioners; and if he shall decline, when called upon, to take upon him any Office or Situation, being equal in Emolument to that which he formerly held, or shall neglect to perform the Duties thereof satisfactorily, being in a competent State of Health, he shall forfeit his Bight to the Allowance which had been granted to him.

8. No Person hereafter to be appointed, not being the Secretary, shall be deemed to be in the Service of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act unless he shall have been admitted into the Service of the said Commissioners with a Certificate from the Civil Service Commissioners, or unless he shall have been transferred from a Situation in the Civil Service entitling him to Superannuation under the Superannuation Act of 1859.

9. A Return of all Superannuation or Compensation Allowances and Gratuities made during the Year under this Act, setting forth in each Case the Length of Service, the Salary and the Allowance awarded, shall be inserted by the Commissioners each Year in their annual Report to the Secretary of State.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act further to amend and render more effectual the Law for providing fit Houses for the Beneficed Clergy, and for other Purposes.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS under the Provisions of the several Acts passed in the Sessions held in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

Chapter Fifty-three, in the Twenty-first Year of the same Reign, Chapter Sixty-six, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, Chapter

Sixty-six, and in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty-three, the Incumbent of a Benefice is authorized and empowered, with the Consents in the said Acts specified, to borrow and take up at Interest a Sum of Money exceeding One Year's but not exceeding Three Years net Income of his Benefice, for the Purpose of building, repairing, or purchasing a House and other necessary Buildings, or a proper Site for Such House and other necessary Buildings, to be used as the Parsonage or Glebe House and Offices for his Benefice, and as a Security for the

Money

803

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 69.

i Money so to be borrowed to mortgage the Glebe Tithes, Rentcharges, Rents, and other

Profits and Emoluments of his Benefice for the Term of Thirty-five Yeats, the Principal so borrowed being repayable by Thirty annual Instalments, with Interest to accrue due i thereon: And whereas it is expedient to extend the Provisions of the said Acts and to

provide for the other Purposes herein-after expressed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Incumbent of any Benefice may, according to the Provisions of and with the Consents required by the said Acts, and by any Act or Acts amending or referring to the same, borrow and take up at Interest on Mortgage as provided by the same Acts, or any of them, for the Purposes of the same Acts or any of them, or for the Purposes of the Act passed in the Session held in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and forty-seven, or for the Purpose of purchasing any Lands or Hereditaments not exceeding Twelve Acres, contiguous to or desirable to be used or occupied with the Parsonage House or Glebe belonging to such Benefice, or for the Purpose of building any Offices, Stables, or Outbuildings, or Fences necessary for the Occupation or Protection of such Parsonage, or for the Purpose of restoring, rebuilding, or repairing the Fabric of the Chancel of the Church of such Benefice (in any Case where such Incumbent is or shall be liable to repair or sustain the Fabric of such Chancel), or for the Purpose of building, improving, enlarging, or purchasing any Farm House or Farm Buildings, or Labourers Dwelling Houses, with the Appurtenances belonging to or desirable to be acquired for any Farm or Lands appertaining to such Benefice, any Sum or Sums of Money not being less than One hundred Pounds, and not exceeding Three Years net Income of such Benefice; and out of the Sum to be borrowed it shall be lawful to pay the Charges and Expenses of the Architect or Surveyor who shall be employed in or about any of the Purposes aforesaid, and also the Costs and Expenses of and incidental to the Preparation of the Mortgage Deed or Deeds, and of and incidental to any Purchase by the said Acts or this Act authorized to be made.

2. It shall be lawful for the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, absolutely to sell and dispose of, either altogether or in Parcels, and either by Public Sale or by Private Contract, for such Sum or Sums of Money as to the said Governors shall seem fair and reasonable, all Houses, Lands, Tithes, Tithe Rentcharges, and Hereditaments of what Nature or Kind soever which may have been or shall hereafter be given, devised, or conveyed to or acquired by the said Governors for the Purpose generally of augmenting the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy; and the Monies to arise from every such Sale shall be paid to the said Governors, and the Receipts of their Treasurer for the Time being shall be sufficient Discharges for the said Monies, and shall effectually release and exonerate the Person or Persons paying the same from all Responsibility in respect of the Application thereof; and the said Monies when so received shall be applied and disposed of by the said Governors for the Benefit and Augmentation of Benefices in such and the same Manner according to the Rules and Regulations of the said Governors as the general Funds and Profits of the said Governors are applicable and disposable.

3. All the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Forms, and Matters in the herein-before mentioned Acts contained shall, except as herein otherwise is provided, extend and be applicable, mutatis mutandis, to all the Purposes of this Act and of the said hereinbefore mentioned Acts, as if the same had been respectively repeated and set forth herein.

4. It shall be lawful for the Principal Officer of any public Department holding any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for or on behalf of Her Majesty, or otherwise for the public Use or the Use of such Department, and for every Body politic, corporate, or collegiate, and Corporation aggregate or sole, and for all Trustees, Guardians, Commissioners, or other Persons having the Control, Care, or Management of any Hospital, School, Charitable Foundation, or other public Institution, and for all other Persons by

Q q 2 " The

Extension of Provisions of recited Acts relating to repairing, rebuilding, or acquiring Houses of Residence, 8cc.

Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty may sell Lands, See. given to them for their general Purposes.

Powers of recited Acts extended to this Act.

Corporations and Persons under Disability or Incapacity authorised to convey Houses and Lands for Parsonages.

304

Fire of the Governor* may form a Quorum.

20 & 21 Vict. c. 17.

Present Police Force in Bel-

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 69, 70.

" The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," empowered to sell and convey or release Lands by any Assurance under the Hand and Seal or under the Common Seal, as the Case may be, of such Principal Officer, Body, or Corporation, or under the Hands and Seals or Hand and Seal of such Trustees, Guardians, Commissioners, or other Persons or Person, to grant and convey or release, either by way of voluntary Gift or of Sale, to the said Governors, in Fee Simple or otherwise, any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be used as and for Parsonages or Residences for Incumbents of Benefices, or the Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, or Appurtenances thereto, or as and for Sites or for enlarging Sites for such Parsonages or Residences or the Outbuildings, Yards, Gardens, or Appurtenances thereto, and all such Assurances may be made according to the Form contained in the Twentieth Section of the Act passed in the First Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Twenty, or as near thereto as the Circumstances of the Case will admit, or in any other Form which the said Governors may approve; but no such Assurance or Assurances from the same Body or Persons otherwise than upon a Sale for the fair Value shall comprise (including the Site of any Buildings) more than One Acre, and upon every such Assurance by way of Sale the Purchase Money may be paid to the Seller or Sellers, or as he or they shall appoint, and the Receipt of them or him or their or his Appointees shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same, except that in the Case of a Sale for more than Twenty Pounds by a Tenant for Life or other Person having only a partial Estate, the Purchase Money shall be paid to and applied by Two Trustees in manner provided by the Seventy-first Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

6. To facilitate the Despatch of the Business of the said Governors, any Five of the said Governors, Three of whom at least shall be Archbishops or Bishops, shall make a Quorum for the future, and be sufficient at any Court for the Despatch, by Majority of Votes, of all Business of the said Governors.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to alter the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in Ireland, and to make better Provision for the Police Force in the Borough of Belfast.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS the Lords Justices of Ireland did, on the Third Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, issue their Warrant to certain Commissioners directing them to hold a Court of Inquiry at Belfast, and to report upon the

existing local Arrangements for the Preservation of the Peace of that Borough, the Magisterial Jurisdiction exercised within it, and the Amount and Constitution and Efficiency of the Police Force usually available there, and other Matters relating thereto: And whereas the said Commissioners, having duly inquired into the said several Matters as directed by the said Warrant, have made their Report thereon,

dated the Eighth Day of March last: And whereas it is expedient to provide for the

more effectual Preservation of the Peace of the said Borough, and to alter the Dis-

tribution of the Constabulary Force now maintained in the several Counties and Towns

in Ireland, and for that Purpose to amend an Act passed in the Twentieth and Twenty- first Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventeen, intituled An Act to amend the Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventy-two, so far (as relates to the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in Ireland Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall not be lawful for the Town Council of the Borough of Belfast to appoint or maintain any Police Force; and all Persons who

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 70.

305

Lord Lieutenant to add any Number of Men, not exceeding 320, to the Constabulary Force of Belfast.

As to Expenses of additional Force.

who have been appointed Chief Constables, Inspectors, Constables, or other Officers of fest shall cease the said Force, shall cease to hold their Offices, and shall severally discontinue acting in to exi*t such Offices accordingly; and the Constabulary Force in the Town of Belfast shall have and discharge all Powers and Duties now lawfully had and discharged by the Police Force of the Town.

2. The Municipal Borough of Belfast shall for the Purposes of this Act be constituted Borough of a distinct District, herein-after called the Town of Belfast; and all and every the Pro- ^itatS^dis visions of the several Acts relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland shall apply to ^ct District" the said Town of Belfast.

3. Whereas it is expedient to alter the Distribution of the Constabulary Force in the Distribution of several Counties and Towns in Ireland, and to allot to the Town of Belfast a just Propor- Constabulary.

tion thereof:' Be it therefore enacted, That the Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Distribution of the Constabulary Force therein provided, shall be substituted for the Schedule annexed to the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventeen: Provided always, that the total Number of Constables and Sub-Constables to be distributed shall not exceed the Number fixed by the said recited Act, and that the N umber allotted to the Town of Belfast shall not be less than One hundred and thirty Constables and Sub-Constables.

4. It shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant to add to the Constabulary Force which shall be allotted to the Town of Belfast under the Provisions of this Act any Number of Men, not exceeding Three hundred and twenty, which the Lord Lieutenant may think fit to provide for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace of the said Town, and such additional Number of Men, together with the One hundred and thirty herein-before mentioned, shall constitute the ordinary Constabulary Force of the said Town.

5. The Expense of the said additional Force, save as to the additional Pay herein-after mentioned, shall, in the first instance, be advanced and defrayed in like Manner as the Expense of the Force appointed under the Constabulary Acts is to be advanced and defrayed; One Moiety of the Monies so advanced shall be repaid by the Town Council of the Borough of Belfast by means of Rates, to be applotted and levied in the same Manner as the Monies hitherto raised and applied or which may be applicable in the said Town of Belfast to the Maintenance of a Police Force.

6. The Inspector General of Constabulary shall, with the Assistance of the Receiver, twice in each Year, ascertain the Amount of the Monies chargeable under the Provisions of this Act to the said Town of Belfast, and shall make out a Certificate thereof under his Hand, specifying the Force or Service in respect whereof such Charge may have been incurred, and transmit the same, when signed by the Receiver and approved and certified by the Chief or Under Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, to the Town Clerk of the Borough of Belfast, who shall lay the same forthwith before the Town Council, and thereupon the Town Council shall forthwith make and levv a Rate sufficient for the Payment thereof, and shall thereout, or out of any Monies in their Hands, pay the Amount mentioned in such Certificate to the Paymaster General's Department in Ireland.

7. The Officers of the Constabulary Force in the Town of Belfast shall consist of One Provision as to

Inspector, who shall rank as a County Inspector of Constabulary, and be called " the Inspec-

for of Constabulary for the Town of Belfast," and Two or more Sub-Inspectors, who Force in shall be provided from the Number of Sub-Inspectors mentioned in the Schedule annexed Belftat, and to the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Seventeen. j^eir Salaries, The Inspector shall be appointed in like Manner as Constabulary Officers now are, and

his Salary shall be Four hundred Pounds a Year and shall be wholly defrayed by the Town Council of the Borough, and shall be included in the Certificate to be furnished by the Inspector General of Constabulary, under the Sixth Section of this Act, and be raised and paid in the Manner therein directed.

8. The Inspector General of Constabulary shall fix the Number of Men, not exceeding inspector

One hundred and fifty, who shall discharge the Duties of a Night Watch; and for each General to

of appoint Con-

Inspector General shall transmit to Town Council of Belfast Half-yearly Accounts.

306 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 70.

stable* for Night Watch, who shall receive extra Remuneration for Night Duty.

Restrictions as to Age.

Superannuation, &c. of Constabulary.

Provisions as to Rates for Support of Police to continue in force.

This Act and Acts relating to Constabulary Force to be construed as One.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Commencement of Act.]

[Short Title.]

of the said One hundred and fifty Men there shall be charged the Sum of Sixpence per Diem, to be wholly defrayed by the Town Council of the Borough of Belfast, and such Sum shall be included by the Inspector General of Constabulary in the Certificate to be furnished by him, under the Sixth Section of this Act, and shall be raised and paid in manner therein directed; and it shall be lawful for the said Inspector General, with the Approval of the Lord Lieutenant, to apply such Sum to remunerate the Constabulary Force stationed in Belfast, for discharging the Duties of a Night Watch.

9. Notwithstanding any Regulations requiring Persons entering the Constabulary Force to be unmarried, or to be under a certain Age, the Inspector General of the Constabulary Force in Ireland shall admit into the said Force any Constable of the said Local Police Force whose Age shall not exceed Forty Years, and who, within One Calendar Month after such Notification in the " Dublin Gazette " as aforesaid, shall apply to be admitted, and who in other respects shall be eligible according to the said Regulations.

10. It shall be lawful for the Council of the said Borough (if they shall so think fit) to grant to any Head Constable, Inspector, or Constable belonging to the present Police Force of said Borough, whose Office shall cease or become unnecessary by means of the Provisions of this Act, such an adequate Compensation, by way of yearly Allowance or other Gratuity, as shall to them seem just: Provided always, that any such Compensation shall be wholly charged on and defrayed by the local Funds which the said Council may have Authority to levy.

11. The several Provisions of the Local Acts in force within the Borough relating to the Applotment, Levy, Collection, Recovery, and Receipts of Rates applicable wholly or in part to the Support of the Police Force and Establishment in the Police District of Belfast shall continue in force notwithstanding the passing of this Act

12. This Act and the several Acts now in force relating to the Constabulary Force in Ireland shall be construed as One Act, so far as is consistent with the Tenor hereof, ad nothing herein contained shall be construed to deprive the Lord Lieutenant of any Power now vested in him in relation to the said Constabulary Force.

13. The Expression " Lord Lieutenant " in this Act shall mean the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

14. This Act shall come into operation from and after a Day to be fixed by the Lord Lieutenant, and notified in the " Dublin Gazetteand not being less than Twenty-one Days after such Notification.

15. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Constabulary (Breland) Amendment Act, 1865/ '

SCHEDULE.

County Inspectors - - 35

Sub-Inspectors - - 262 >For the whole of Ireland.

Head Constables - 375J

Counties and Constables and Counties and Constable* and

Ridings. Sub-Constables. Ridings. Sub-Constable*.

Antrim - - 200 Donegal - 326

Armagh ... - 175 Down - 260

Carlow - - 140 Dublin - 231

Cavan ... - 290 Fermanagh 181

Clare - - 398 Galway —

Cork — East Riding - 3291fi«

East Riding 4541 1.748 West Riding - 328J 657

West Riding r 294J r 1 TtO Kerry - 264

o 5le

307

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 70, 71.

Counties and Constables and

Ridings. Sub-Constables.

Kildare - 220

Kilkenny - 355

King's - 309

Leitrim - 251

Limerick - 387

Londonderry - 120

Longford - 191

Louth -. - - 188

Mayo - 347

Meath - 284

Monaghan - 175

Queen's - 254

Counties and Ridings Cities and Towns — Belfast Carrickfergus Cork Drogheda Galway Kilkenny Limerick Waterford

Counties and Ridings. Roscommon Constable, and Sub-Constables. - 347

Sligo - - 201

Tipperary — North Riding OO N O <M CO CO

South Riding -

Tyrone - - 210

Waterford - 219

Westmeath _ - 280

Wexford _ - 270

Wicklow - - 199

1 1. *. 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 1 1 (1 1 1 1 1 Total 9, 461 130 10 100 40 65 50 80 70 -9, 461

Total - - 10, 006

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in t and* Eighteenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to amend the Acts for the Establishment of a National Gallery in Dublin.

[29th June 1865.]

the Seventeenth Act to provide 17 & is vict for the Establishment of a National Gallery of Paintings, Sculpture, and the Fine Arts, c- " for the Care of a Public Library, and the Erection of a Public Museum, in Dublin:

And whereas a further Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the

Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of last Session, to provide for the Establishment of a National is a 19 Vict.

Gallery of Paintings, Sculpture, and the Fine Arts, for the Care of a Public Library, c- 44-

and the Erection of a Public Museum, in Dublin: And whereas it is by the said first-

recited Act, amongst other things, enacted, that certain Persons therein named, together

with such other Persons as the Lord Lieutenant should approve, should be Trustees for the Building therein-after mentioned, and that it should be lawful for such Trustees

to receive such Sum of Money as might be subscribed, given, or contributed, or might

from any Source become available, for the Purpose of erecting a suitable Building in

Dublin, to be devoted in part to the fit Accommodation of a National Gallery of Paintings,

Sculpture, and the Fine Arts, and the Remainder to the Reception of a public Library; and it is by the same Act enacted, that " it should be lawful for the Governors and " Guardians of Archbishop Marsh's Library (anything in an Act of the Parliament " of Ireland, intituled An Act for settling and preserving a Public Library for ever in the House for that Purpose built by his Grace Narcissus then Lord Archbishop of Armagh (< on Part of the Ground belonging to the Archbishop of Dublin's Palace near the City of

Indenture of Lease of 4th Aug. 1855 from the Right Hon. Sidney Herbert to the Royal Dublin Society.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 71.

" Dublin, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or otherwise to the " contrary notwithstanding,) to cause the said Library to be removed to the said Building c so to be erected as soon as the same should be completed, and in a Condition to receive the said Library; provided always, that the said Governors and Guardians shall

" approve of the Plans and Arrangements of that Portion of the said Building to be " appropriated to the Reception of a Public Library and it was by the same Act

further enacted, that certain Persons therein mentioned, and their Successors, as therein-

after directed, should be and were thereby constituted a Body Corporate by the Name of the Governors and Guardians of the National Gallery of Ireland, with Power to

the said Body Corporate to receive Devises, Bequests, Donations, and Subscriptions (annual or otherwise) of Land, Buildings, Money, and Works of Art, and to hold the same, and to lay out such Sums of Money as they should so receive for the Purposes of the National Gallery of Ireland in the Improvement and Enlargement of the Collection of

Works of Art presented to or purchased for the said Gallery, or deposited therein, and the said Body Corporate should have the entire and exclusive Possession, Occupation, ' and Control, for the Purposes of their Trusts therein mentioned, of those Portions of the said Building so to be erected as therein-before mentioned, which should be, upon s the Completion of the said Building, set apart by the Building Trustees for the Accom-

modation of the National Gallery of Ireland, and of all such other Buildings, Enclosures, and Appurtenances as should or might from Time to Time be required and obtained

for the Purposes of the said National Gallery or any Part thereof, and that the Building so to be erected should be constructed according to such Plans and Specifications as ' should have been approved and agreed upon by and between the said Building Trustees, the said Governors and Guardians of the National Gallery of Ireland, and the said

Governors and Guardians of Archbishop Marsh's Library: And whereas it is by the said Act further enacted, that " the Persons who for the Time being should compose the

<c said respective Bodies Corporate, that is to say, the Governors and Guardians of the

" National Gallery of Ireland, and the Governors and Guardians of Archbishop Marsh's

" Library, should be One Body Corporate, under the Name of the Joint Trustees of ' " the National Gallery of Ireland and of Marsh's Library," and so soon as the said

Building so to be erected as aforesaid should have been completed the said Building

Trustees shall declare it to be so by an Instrument under the Hands of them or of any Three

of them, and thereupon the said Building, together with the Ground whereon the same

should have been erected, should become and be vested in the said last-mentioned Body ' Corporate for ever, subject nevertheless to the exclusive Possession, Occupation, and c Control of those Portions of the said Building respectively to be occupied by the said Governors and Guardians of the National Gallery of Ireland, and the said Governors

and Guardians of Archbishop Marsh's Library, for the Purposes of their respective

1 Trusts as aforesaid: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date the Fourth Day of August

One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, and made between the Right Honourable ' Sidney Herbert of Eelgrave Square in the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in

the County of Middlesex, M.P., of the one Part, and the Royal Dublin Society for f promoting Husbandry and other useful Arts in Ireland, of the other Part, reciting as

therein recited, the said Right Honourable Sidney Herbert, in pursuance of the Power

and Authority for that Purpose given and reserved by the therein and herein-before ' recited Act of the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, and of any other Power in that Behalf enabling him, and for the Considerations therein mentioned, granted and demised unto the said Royal Dublin Society all that ' and those that Piece or Parcel of Ground lying between the House of the said Society and the Flagway on the East Side of Merrion Square (which said Piece or Parcel of Land is commonly called u I^einster Lawn") containing in the whole Three Acres

Three Roods and Thirty-six Perches Statute Measure, and situate, lying, and being in the Parish of Saint Peter and County of the City of Dublin, and which said ' Piece or Parcel of Ground is, as to its Contents, Dimensions, Abuttals, and Bounda-

ries, more particularly described in the Map or Plan annexed thereto, together with all ' and singular the Messuages and Tenements and all Erections and Buildings to be built

and erected thereon, and all Rights, Easements, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Water-

309

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 71.

courses. Profits, Commodities, and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Piece or Parcel

of Ground belonging or in anywise appertaining, to hold the same, with the Appurte-

nances, unto the said Royal Dublin Society and its Successors for ever, at and subject to the yearly Fee-farm Rent of Two hundred and seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Ninepence, payable half-yearly, as therein mentioned, and subject to the Per-i formance of the Covenants and Conditions therein contained: And whereas in pursuance of the Provisions in that Behalf contained in the said firstly herein-recited Act the

Premises comprised in the said Lease, with the Sanction of the Board of Trade and

Navigation, have been divided between the said Society and the said Building Trustees, i and a certain Portion thereof has been appropriated for the Purpose of the said ' National Gallery and Library, and the Rent of One hundred Pounds per Annum has

been, with the like Sanction, ascertained as the Amount of the Rent payable in respect of the said Portion so appropriated as aforesaid: And whereas the Building by the ' said first-recited Act authorized and intended for the said National Gallery and Library ' has been erected on the said Portion of the Premises so comprised in the said Lease of the Fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five at an Expense of Twenty-eight thousand Pounds and upwards, the whole of which (with the Excep-c tion of a Sum of Five thousand Pounds received by Subscriptions of Individuals for the Purpose of commemorating the eminent public Services of William Dargan Esquire ' in founding and sustaining the Great Industrial Exhibition of 1853 in Dublin) has

been voted by Parliament: And whereas, in consideration of the said Sum of Five

thousand Pounds so raised by Subscription, an equal Sum of Five thousand Pounds has been or is proposed to be voted by Parliament in aid of the Purchase of Pictures, and it is also intended to grant to the said Royal Dublin Society a Sum of Three thousand

Pounds, to be applied by them in the Purchase of a certain Piece of Ground adjoining their Premises, in lieu of the Piece of Ground forming the Site of the said Building

intended for the said National Gallery and Library as aforesaid, and in consequence of such Grant of Three thousand Pounds the said Royal Dublin Society have agreed to pay the entire of said Rent of Two hundred and seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Ninepence: And whereas the Governors of Marsh's Library have declined to remove their Library to the Part of the said Building designed for the Reception of

same, and it is expedient that the said Building, with the Ground on which the same has been erected, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging,

should be vested in the Public Body herein-after provided:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Tenth Section of said firstly herein-recited Act is hereby repealed for all Intents and Purposes.

2. The Commissioners of Public Works for the Time being in Ireland shall be a Body Corporate for the Purposes of this Act, and shall have a Common Seal and perpetual Succession, and shall and may take, purchase, and hold Lands and Real Estates and other Property in trust for the Purposes of this Act.

3. The said Building so erected and intended for the said National Gallery and Library, and the Lands and Ground forming the Site thereof, containing in front to Merrion Square One hundred and twenty-four Feet, in rear on the West Side Sixty-six Feet, on the South Side Three hundred and eighty-three Feet, and on the North Three hundred and fifteen Feet, be the said several Admeasurements more or less, with all Enclosures thereunto belonging, being the Portion of the said demised Premises so appropriated for the said National Gallery as herein aforesaid, together with all Ways, Easements, and Privileges thereto appertaining or therewith enjoyed, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and their Successors, for all the Term and Interest created by the said recited Lease of the Fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five, in trust for Her Majesty and Her Successors, subject to the Payment to the said Royal Dublin Society and their Successors of the annual Rent of One

28 & 29 Vict. R r hundred

Sect. 10. of 17 & 18 Vict. c. 99. repealed.

The Commissioners of Public Works to be a Corporation.

The Building and Grounds vested in the Commissioners of Public Works.

310

In case 3,000/, advanced the Rent of 100l. per Annum to cease.

Proviso as to Use and Occupation of Portion of the Building by the Governors and Guardians of National Gallery.

The whole of the Rent of 277/. Is. 9d. to be paid by the Society.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Will made before Entry ineffectual as to Wages, &c.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 71, 72.

hundred Pounds by Two half-yearly Payments on every Twenty-fifth Day of March and Twenty-ninth Day of September in each Year during the said Term, the first Payment of the said Rent to be made on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, and subject to the Observance of the Covenants and Conditions in the said Lease contained, so far as regards the said Premises so vested in the said Commissioners of Public Works as aforesaid; and the said Royal Dublin Society shall have all Remedies for the Recovery of the said Rent as are incident to a Rent reserved upon a Demise for Years.

In case the aforesaid Sum of Three thousand Pounds shall at any Time hereafter be advanced and paid to the said Royal Dublin Society out of Public Monies, then from and after such Payment the said annual Rent of One hundred Pounds so payable to the said Royal Dublin Society shall cease and determine.

Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Governors and Guardians of the National Gallery to use and occupy all that Portion of the said Building now used and occupied by them for the Purpose of the National Gallery, together with the free Use of all Ways and Entrances leading to and from the same; and, subject as aforesaid, all the Residue of the said Building and Premises shall be held by the Commissioners of Public Works, their Successors and Assigns, for such Purposes and Uses connected with the Advancement of the Fine Arts as may from Time to Time be directed by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury.

The whole of the said Rent of Two hundred and seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Ninepence so reserved by the said Lease of the Fourth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifty-five shall be paid by the Royal Dublin Society, and the said Society shall indemnify the said Commissioners of Public Works, and the said Land and Building so vested in them as aforesaid, of and from all Actions, Suits, Costs, and Charges whatsoever by reason of the Nonpayment of the said Rent, or the Nonobservance of the Covenants and Conditions in the said Lease contained on the Part of the Lessees, so far as the same relate to the Premises demised thereby, other than the Portion thereof so hereby vested in the said Commissioners.

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to make better Provision respecting Wills of Seamen and Marines of the

Royal Navy and Marines.

[29th June 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Navy and Marines (Wills) Act, 1865.

2. In this Act —

The Term " the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " Seaman or Marine" means a Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person forming Part in any Capacity of the Complement of any of Her Majesty's Vessels, or otherwise belonging to Her Majesty's Naval or Marine Force, exclusive of Commissioned, Warrant, and Subordinate Officers, and Assistant Engineers, and of Kroomen.

3. A Will made after the Commencement of this Act by any Person at any Time previously to his entering into Service as a Seaman or Marine shall not be valid to pass any Wages, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant, or other Allowance in the Nature thereof, or other Money payable by the Admiralty, or any Effects or Money in charge of the Admiralty.

4. A Will

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 72.

4. A Will made after the Commencement of this Act by any Person while serving as a Seaman or Marine shall not be valid for any Purpose if it is written or contained on or in the same Paper, Parchment, or Instrument with a Power of Attorney.

5. A Will made after the Commencement of this Act by any Person while serving as a Seaman or Marine, or when he has ceased so to serve, shall not be valid to pass any Wages, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant, or other Allowance in the Nature thereof, or other Money payable by the Admiralty, or any Effects or Money in charge of the Admiralty, unless it is made in conformity with the following Provisions: —

(1.) Every such Will shall be in Writing and be executed with the Formalities required by the Law of England in the Case of Persons not being Soldiers in actual Military Service or Mariners or Seamen at Sea:

(2.) Where the Will is made on board One of Her Majesty's Ships, One of the Two requisite attesting Witnesses shall be a Commissioned Officer, Chaplain, or Warrant or Subordinate Officer belonging to Her Majesty's Naval or Marine or Military Force;

(3.) Where the Will is made elsewhere than on board One of Her Majesty's Ships, One of the Two requisite attesting Witnesses shall be such a Commissioned Officer or Chaplain or Warrant or Subordinate Officer as aforesaid, or the Governor, Agent, Physician, Surgeon, Assistant Surgeon, or Chaplain of a Naval Hospital at home or abroad, or a Justice of the Peace, or the Incumbent, Curate, or Minister of a Church or Place of Worship in the Parish where the Will is executed, or a British Consular Officer, or an Officer of Customs, or a Notary Public:

A Will made in conformity with the foregoing Provisions shall, as regards such Wages, Money, or Effects, be deemed to be well made for the Purpose of being admitted to Probate in England; and the Person taking out Representation to the Testator under such Will shall exclusively be deemed the Testator's Representative with respect to such Wages, Money, or Effects.

0. Notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act, a Will made after the Commencement of this Act by a Seaman or Marine while he is a Prisoner of War shall (as far as regards the Form thereof) be valid for all Purposes if it is made in conformity with the following Provisions:

(1.) If it is in Writing and is signed by him, and his Signature thereto is made or acknowledged by him in the Presence of and is in his Presence attested by One Witness, being either a Commissioned Officer or Chaplain belonging to Her Majesty's Naval or Marine or Military Force, or a Warrant or Subordinate Officer of Her Majesty's Navy, or the Agent of a Naval Hospital, or a Notary Public:

(2.) If the Will is made according to the Forms required by the Law of the Place where it is made:

(3.) If the Will is in Writing and executed with the Formalities required by the Law of England in the Case of Persons not being Soldiers in actual Military Service or Mariners or Seamen at Sea.

7. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, in case of a Will made after the Commencement of this Act by any Person while serving as a Marine or Seaman, and being either in actual Military Service or a Mariner or Seaman at Sea, the Admiralty may pay or deliver any Wages, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant or other Allowance in the Nature thereof, or other Money payable by the Admiralty or any Effects or Money in charge of the Admiralty, to any Person claiming to be entitled thereto under such Will, though not made in conformity with the Provisions of this Act, if, having regard to the special Circumstances of the Death of the Testator, the Admiralty are of opinion that Compliance with the Requirements of this Act may be properly dispensed with.

8. This Act shall commence on such Day, not later than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and-sixty-six, as Her Majesty in Council thinks fit to direct; nevertheless Her Majesty in Council may, if it seems fit, with reference to any Places out of the United Kingdom, direct that this Act do not commence there, respectively, until a Time

311

Will invalid if combined with Power of Attorney.

Regulations for Wills of Seamen, &c. as to Wages, &c.

As to Wills made by Prisoners of War.

Payment under Will not in conformity with Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

312

Publication of Orders in Council.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Payment of Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions according to Order in Council.

Prohibition of Assignment of Pensions, &c.

Prohibition of Assignment of Wages, &c.

Exemption from Stamp Duty.

Proof to be given by Masters claiming Pay of Apprentices

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 72, 73.

after that Day, and with respect to every such Place the Time so appointed shall be deemed the Time of Commencement of this Act.

9. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Parliament.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act for regulating the Payment of Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions.

[29th June 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Naval and Marine Pay and Pensions Act, 1865.

2. In this Act —

The Term " the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " Officer" means a Commissioned, Warrant, or Subordinate Officer, or Assistant Engineer in Her Majesty's Naval or Marine Force:

The Term Seaman or Marine" means a Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person forming Part in any Capacity of the Complement of any of Her Majesty's Vessels, or otherwise belonging to Her Majesty's Naval or Marine Force (not being an Officer within the Meaning of this Act).

3. All Pay, Wages, Pensions, Bounty Money, Grants, or other Allowances in the Nature thereof payable in respect of Services in Her Majesty's Naval or Marine Force to a Person being or having been an Officer, Seaman, or Marine, or to the Widow or any Relative of a deceased Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall be paid in such Manner, and subject to such Restrictions, Conditions, and Provisions as are from Time to Time directed by Order in Council.

4. Any Assignment, Sale, or Contract made after the Commencement of this Act by an Officer, Seaman, or Marine entitled to any Naval Pension, — or by a Person entitled to a Pension as the Widow of an Officer, — or by a Person entitled to an Allowance from the Compassionate Fund, — or by a Person entitled to any Marine Half Pay, — of or in relation to such Pension, Allowance, or Half Pay, shall be void.

5. Any Assignment, Sale, or Contract made after the Commencement of this Act, of or relating to any Pay, Wages, Bounty Money, Grants, or other Allowances in the Nature thereof, payable in respect of Services in Her Majesty's Naval or Marine Force to a Person being or having been a Subordinate Officer, Seaman, or Marine shall be void.

6. All Bills, Orders, Receipts, and other Instruments drawn, given, or made under the Authority or in pursuance of an Order in Council under this Act by, to, or upon any Person in the Service of Her Majesty or of the Admiralty shall be exempt from Stamp Duty.

7. If the Wages of a Seaman or Marine arc claimed under an Indenture of Apprenticeship by a Master, they shall be paid to the Seaman or Marine, and not to the Master, unless the Master produces the Indenture, with satisfactory Proof that it was in full Force

during

31.3

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 73, 74.

during the Period for which he claims the Wages, and that the Apprentice was at the Time of the Execution of the Indenture under the Age of Eighteen Years, and had not previously been at Sea.

8. Nothing in this Act shall apply to any Money distributable under The Naval Agency and Distribution Act, 1864?.

9. Nothing in this Act shall authorize the making by Order in Council of any Rule inconsistent with any Provision affecting Naval or Marine Pay or Pensions contained in The Naval Discipline Act, 1864, or any Act for the like Purposes for the Time being in force.

10. Nothing in this Act shall take away or abridge any Power vested in One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State relative to Naval Pensions.

11. Her Majesty in Council may from Time to Time make such Orders in Council as seem meet for the better Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act.

12. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and if not then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Parliament.

13. This Act shall commence on such Day, not later than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, as Her Majesty in Council thinks fit to direct.

Any Order in Council for the better Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act may nevertheless be made before that Day, but not so as to commence before it.

Saving for Naval Agency Act

Saving for Naval Discipline Act

Saving Power of Secretary of State as to Pensions. Orders in Council.

Orders in Council to be published in London Gazette.

[Commencement of Act.]

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to enable Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the War Department to lay down and use a Tramway or temporary Railway across certain public Roads in the County of Devon.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS in the Construction of Works for the North-eastern Defence of Plymouth, by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the War Department, upon Lands acquired by the said Principal Secretary under the Powers of the Defence Act, 1860, it has been found necessary to lay down a Tramway or temporary Railway to

connect the Sites of the several Forts or Batteries, and during the Construction of such ' Works of Defence to use a Locomotive Engine for the drawing or propelling of Waggons

and Trucks thereon: And whereas the Course of such Tramway or Railway runs across

certain Highway and Turnpike Roads situated in the Parishes of Saint Budeaux, Tamerton ' Foliot, and Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon; and it is necessary and expedient

that the Construction and Use of such Tramway or Railway, so far as the same crosses such Roads or Ways, should be sanctioned by Parliament Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the said Principal Secretary to order and direct that any existing Tramway or Railway may be continued and maintained, or that any Tramway or Railway hereafter required may be made, over and across any public Road or Highway situated in the Parishes aforesaid, and that the same may be used for the Passage of any Locomotive Engines, Waggons, and Trucks, at such Times and subject to such Regulations as to the said Principal Secretary shall seem meet.

Tramway or Railway across Roads in Devonshire to be continued or made by Order of Secretary of State.

2. The

Gates to be made to fence in Railway, 8cc.f and Persons to be employed to attend said Gates.

Compensation for Loss of Tolls on Roads to be made.

Duration of Powers and Indemnification of Secretary of State,

[Short Title.]

Application of Act

Definition of Sewer Authority.

Powers of Sewer Authorities.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 74, 75.

. 2. The said Principal Secretary shall forthwith erect and maintain good and sufficient Gates across such Roads on each Side of the Tramway or Railway where the same shall communicate therewith, and shall employ proper Persons to open and shut such Gates, and such Gates shall be kept constantly closed at such Times as the said Principal Secretary shall think fit to order, and such Gates shall be of such Dimensions and so constructed as when closed to fence in the said Tramway or Railway, and prevent Cattle or Horses passing along the Road from entering upon the said Tramway or Railway.

3. The said Principal Secretary shall, out of Monies voted by Parliament for the Construction of the said Works, make Compensation for Loss of Toll (if any) that may be shown to have been occasioned by or to arise from the Construction of any Tramway or Railway across any Turnpike Road, and out of the same Monies to restore and reinstate, upon the Completion of the said Works, the said Roads or Highways, in the same State and Condition in which the same were before the said Tramway or Railway was laid across the same.

4. The Powers conferred by this Act shall be exercised by the said Principal Secretary only within Three Years after the passing of the same, and the said Principal Secretary shall not by reason of anything done or omitted to be done under this Act be liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, or to the Execution of any Process against his Person or Property.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for facilitating the more useful Application of Sewage in Great Britain and Ireland.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to remove Difficulties under which Local Boards and other Bodies having the Care of Sewers labour in disposing of the Sewage of their Districts so as not to be a Nuisance, and to give Facility to such Authorities to make Arrangements for the Application of such Sewage to Land for Agricultural Purposes Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same:

1. This Act, for all Purposes, may be cited as "The Sewage Utilization Act, 1865."

2. This Act shall not extend to any Part of the Metropolis as defined by the Act of the Session Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of the present Reign, Chapter One hundred and twenty, for better Local Management of the Metropolis, and shall not, with the Exception of Clause Fifteen, extend to any Parish as defined in the Schedule to this Act in a Part of which Parish the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, or One of such Acts, is in force at the Time of the passing of this Act.

3. The Expression " Sewer Authority " shall, in the several Places in the Schedule annexed hereto in that Behalf mentioned, mean the Persons or Bodies of Persons referred to in the First Column of the Schedule annexed hereto; and the Term " District," in relation to a Sewer Authority, shall, as respects each Authority, mean the Place in that Behalf referred to in the Second Column of the said Schedule.

"Local Board" shall mean a Local Board authorized in pursuance of the " Public Health Act, 1848," and " The Local Government Act, 1858," or One of such Acts.

4. Sewer Authorities shall have Power to construct such Sewers as they may think necessary for keeping their District properly cleansed and drained, and shall, as respects all Sewers constructed by them or under their Control, whether the same were made before or after the passing of this Act, have all the Powers that Local Boards have, in respect of Sewers vested in or constructed by them, under the Forty-fifth and Forty-sixth Sections of

" The

315

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 75.

" The Public Health Act, 1848," the Thirtieth Section of "The Local Government Act, 1858," and the Fourth Section of "The Local Government Act, 1858, Amendment Act, 1861," subject to the Provisions of the Fifth and Sixth Sections of the last-mentioned Act, and to the Saving Clauses in " The Local Government Act, 1858," mentioned, from Sixty-eight to Seventy-four, both inclusive; and in Scotland, in addition to such of the aforesaid Powers as are applicable to Scotland, all the Powers contained in Section Seven (Public Sewers) of Part Four of "The General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, 1862."

5. The Sewer Authority shall have the Powers of Entry conferred by the One hundred and forty-third Section of the " Public Health Act, 1848," for the Purposes of making or keeping in repair any Works made or to be made by them, as well as for the Purposes specified in the said Section.

6. A Sewer Authority shall pay all Expenses incurred by them in carrying this Act into effect out of the Fund or Eate in the Schedule in that Behalf mentioned, and shall have all such Powers of borrowing Money on the Security of such Fund or Rate as Local Boards have of borrowing Money under (t The Local Government Act, 1858," and the Acts amending that Act, on the Security of the Funds or Rates in the said Acts in that Behalf mentioned, subject to the Conditions and Sanction under which such Powers are exercised by Local Boards under the said Acts.

7. A Sewer Authority shall, for the Purposes of this Act, have the Powers of taking Lands conferred on Local Boards by the Seventy-fifth Section of "The Local Government Act, 1858," and any Act amending the same.

8. Full Compensation shall be made, out of any Fund or Rate applicable to the Purposes of this Act, to all Persons sustaining any Damage by reason of the Exercise of any of the Powers of this Act; and in case of Dispute as to Amount, the same shall be settled by Arbitration, as provided in " The Public Health Act, 1848," or any Act amending the same, or if the Compensation claimed do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the same may be ascertained by and recovered before Justices in a summary Jdanner, in manner provided by the Acts mentioned in this Section.

9. Two or more Sewer Authorities, including under that Expression for the Purposes of this Section Local Boards, may combine together for the Purpose of executing and maintaining any Works that may be for the Benefit of their respective Districts, and all Monies they may agree to contribute for the Execution and Maintenance of such common Works shall, in the Case of each Authority, be deemed to be Expenses incurred by them in the Execution of Works within their District, and shall be raised accordingly;

10. A Sewer Authority, with the Sanction of Her Majesty's Attorney General in England, and of the Attorney General for Ireland in Ireland, and of the Lord Advocate in Scotland, may, either in its own Name or in the Name of any other Person, with the Consent of such Person, take such Proceedings by Indictment, Bill in Chancery, Aotion, or otherwise, as it may deem advisable, for the Purpose of protecting any Watercourse within its Jurisdiction from Pollutions arising from Sewage either within or without its District; and the Costs of and incidental to any such Proceedings, including any Costs that may be awarded to the Defendant, shall be deemed to be Expenses properly incurred by the Sewer Authority in carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

11. Nothing contained in this Act, or in the Acts referred to therein, shall authorize any Sewer Authority to make a Sewer so as to drain direct into any Stream or Watercourse.

12. The Public Works Loan Commissioners, as defined by " The Public Works Loan Act, 1853," may advance to any Sewer Authority, upon the Security of any Rate applicable to the Purposes of this Act, without any further Security, such Sums of Money as may be recommended by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to be applied by such Authority in carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

13. All Powers given by this Act shall be deemed to be in addition to and not in derogation of any other Powers conferred on any Sewer Authority by Act of Parliament, Law, or

Custom;

Power of Entry.

Payment of Expenses.

Power to take Lands.

Compensation.

Power of Sewer Authorities to combine.

Sewer Authority may take Proceedings to prevent Pollution of Streams.

Sewers not to drain into any Stream, &c.

Public Works Loan Commissioners may lend Money.

Powers of Act cumulative.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 75.

Custom; and the Sewer Authority may exercise such other Powers in the same Manner as

Sewer Authority may enter into Contract for Supply of Sewage.

Application of 27 & 28 Vict. c. 114. to Works, &c. for Supply of Sewage.

Board of Works in Ireland to have Power of Secretary of State in Sewage Matters.

it this Act had not passed.

14. The Sewer Authority of any Place may from Time to Time for the Purpose of utilizing its Sewage, agree with any Person or Body of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, as to the Supply of such Sewage, and Works to be made for the Purpose of that Supply and the Parties to execute the same and to bear the Costs thereof, and the Sums of Money, if any, to be paid for that Supply; provided that no Contract shall be made for the Supply of Sewage for a Period exceeding Twenty-five Years.

15. The making of Works of Distribution and Service for the Supply of Sewage to Lands for Agricultural Purposes shall be deemed an " Improvement of Land " authorized by the "Land Improvement Act, 1864," and the Provisions of that Act shall apply accordingly.

16. The Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland shall, in respect to any Sewage Authority or Sewage Matter in Ireland, have and exercise all the Powers conferred by this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, on One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; and all Applications by this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, authorized or directed to be made to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State in respect to Sewage Matters, or the Powers conferred by this Act on Sewage Authorities, shall in Ireland be made to the Commissioners of Public Works; and all Orders made on such Applications by said Commissioners shall have the same Force and Effect as Orders made by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State on similar Applications in England and Scotland.

SCHEDULE.

ENGLAND AND WALES.

Description of Local Authority.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses acting by the Council.

The Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons intrusted by any Local Act of Parliamen t wi thPo wers of improving, cleansing, lighting, or paving the Town.

The Vestry, Select Yes try, or other Body of Persons acting by virtue of any Act of Parliament, Prescription, Custom, or otherwise, as or instead of a Vestry or Select Vestry.

Description of Places.

Rate or Fund out of which Expenses to be paid.

In Boroughs, with the Exception of the Boroughs of Oxford and Cambridge, not within the Jurisdiction of a Local Board.

The Boroughs of Oxford and Cambridge, and any Town or Place not included within the above Descriptions, and under the Jurisdiction of Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons intrusted by any Local Act with Powers of improving, cleansing, lighting, or paving any Town.

In Parishes not within the Jurisdiction of any Sewer Authority herein-before mentioned, and in which a Bate is levied for the Maintenance of the Poor.

The Borough Fund or Borough Bate.

Any Bate leviable by the Commissioners, Trustees, or other Persons.

The Poor Rate.

Scotland.

Description of Local Authority.

Description of Places.

Rate or Fund out of which Expenses to be paid.

The Town Council

The Police Commissioners or Trustees.

The Parochial Board

Places within the Jurisdiction of any Town Council and not subject to the separate Jurisdiction of Police Commissioners or Trustees.

In Places where Police Commissioners or Trustees exercise the Functions of Police Commissioners or Trustees under any General or Local Act.

Any Town or Village not included in the above Descriptions.

The Revenue of the Burgh, or any Rate applicable to Sewers leviable by the Town Council.

Any Rate leviable by the Commissioners or Trustees, or any Fund belonging to them.

The Poor Rate.

IRELAND.

The Right Hon. the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

The Town Commissioners or other Governing Body.

The Board of Guardians or any Committee thereof appointed by the Board.

The City of Dublin

- The District Sewer Rate.

Towns Corporate or Boroughs (with the Exception of Dublin).

Towns having Town Commissioners under 9 G. 4. c. 82. or 17 & 18 Vict. c. 103., or any Acts amending the same, or having Commissioners or other Governing Body under any Local Act.

Any Town or Village in any Union not included in the above Descriptions.

Any Rate leviable by the Town Council, or any Fund belonging to them, applicable in the whole or in part to the making or repairing of Sewers within their Jurisdiction.

Any Rate leviable by these Bodies, or any Fund belonging to them, applicable in the whole or in part to the making or repairing of Sewers within their Jurisdiction.

The Poor Rate; but the Expenses to be charged only on the Electoral Division in which the Town or Village is situated.

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for confirming, *with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Oirvan, Mevagissey, and Stornoway.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General " Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, is not of any Validity or Force whatever until the Confirmation thereof by Act of Parliament:

28 & 29 Vict. S s And

24 & 25 Vict c. 45.

Confirmation of Orders in Schedule.

[Short Title.]

Incorporation of Commissioners.

Meaning of "the Commissioners.*' Appointment of the several Commissioners.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

And whereas the Board of Trade have made certain Provisional Orders: And whereas f those Orders have been amended by Parliament, and are, as so amended, set out in the (Schedule hereto: And whereas it is expedient that the Orders so set out in the Schedule hereto be confirmed by Act of Parliament: *

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Orders set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and are hereby confirmed, and all the Provisions thereof in Manner and Form as they are set out in the said Schedule shall, from and after the passing of this Act, have full Validity and Force.

2. This Act may be cited as The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1865, (No. 3.)

The SCHEDULE of Orders.

1. Girvan.

2. Meyagissey.

3. Stornoway.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

GIRVAN.

Order for the Improvement and Regulation of the Harbour of Girvan in the County of Ayr.

1. There shall be a body of Commissioners for carrying this Order into execution, which Commissioners and their successors shall be and are hereby, for the purposes of this Order, incorporated by the name of The Harbour of Girvan Improvement Commissioners, and by that name shall be a body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, lease, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of this Order.

2. The term "the Commissioners," when hereafter used in this Order, means the Harbour of Girvan Improvement Commissioners.

3. The appointment of the Commissioners shall be regulated as follows: —

(1.) The following two persons are hereby appointed Commissioners, namely, —

The heir of entail in possession for the time being of the estate known by the name of the Bargany Estate;

The Right Honourable Thomas Francis Kennedy, and after his death the heir of entail in possession for the time being of the estate known by the name of the Dalquharran and Girvan Mains Estate;

And in the absence of such Commissioners, or of either of them, the Factor holding the mandate of the absent Commissioner, or of his guardian or guardians should such Commissioner be an infant, may act for his principal to all intents and purposes under this Order as if he were himself such principal:

(2.) The Glasgow and South-western Railway Company, acting by the directors of the company, shall, as soon as may be after the commencement of the operation of this Order, appoint from among the directors or shareholders of that company two persons to be Commissioners, and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of any one of those two Commissioners shall appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties; provided that each appointment of a Commissioner shall be determinable at any time by the authority of the said company:

(3.) The regfstered shipowners of Girvan shall from time to time elect two persons to be Commissioners:

(4.) Two

e

319

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

(4.) Two of the Commissioners shall be appointed annually by the Town Council of Girvan; and whenever a vacancy is caused by death, resignation, or otherwise in the office of either of those two Commissioners within his year of office, another person shall be appointed by the Town Council to fill the vacancy.

4. The election of Commissioners by the registered shipowners of Girvan shall be regulated as follows: —

(1.) The first meeting of the registered shipowners of Girvan for the election of Commissioners shall be held within the Town Hall of Girvan within one calendar month from the commencement of the operation of this Order, at a time to be advertised by Mr. William Murray, of Girvan, writer, ten days at least, and in his default by some person appointed by the Board of Trade three days at least, before the day of meeting, by hand-bills posted in Girvan:

(2.) Annual meetings of the registered shipowners of Girvan for the election of Commissioners shall be held within the Town Hall of Girvan aforesaid, or at such other place within Girvan as the Commissioners from time to time appoint, on such day as the Commissioners annually appoint, the place and time of meeting being advertised by the Clerk of the Commissioners five days at least before the day of meeting by hand-bills posted in Girvan:

(3.) All persons owners of vessels or shares in vessels registered at the Custom House of Ayr as belonging to the Port of Girvan to the extent of ten registered tons or upwards, and having been possessed thereof for six months immediately previous to the date of election, and none others, shall have a voice or vote at every such meeting; and such shipowners, being so assembled, shall elect a preses and clerk, and those present shall, if required, satisfy the preses or clerk of his qualification, by the production of the register or registers of a vessel or vessels, or by the certificate of the collector or comptroller of the Customs of the Port of Ayr; and for every such certificate the collector or comptroller, on delivery of the same, shall be entitled to a fee not exceeding two shillings and sixpence from the person requiring the same:

(4.) Each registered shipowner, qualified as aforesaid, shall be entitled to one vote, and no more, for each of the persons proposed to be elected Commissioners; and in case of an equality the preses shall be entitled to a casting vote; and a certificate of the election, signed by the preses, shall be forthwith transmitted to the clerk of the Commissioners, and shall be conclusive evidence of the persons or person thereby appearing to have been elected having been elected:

(5.) Such one of the Commissioners elected by shipowners at the first meeting as is named last on the list of persons elected shall go out of office at the second meeting, but shall be re-eligible; the remaining one shall go out of office at the third meeting, but shall be re-eligible:

(6.) Each Commissioner elected by the registered shipowners of Girvan at the second meeting, and at subsequent annual meetings, shall go out of office at the second meeting after his election, but shall be re-eligible:

(7.) Section Nineteen of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, shall apply in the case of Commissioners elected under the present clause.

5. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, so far as the same is not inconsistent with the provisions of this Order, shall be incorporated with this Order, and shall, so far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally, subject to the following provisions:—

(1.) Sections six, seven, seventeen, and eighteen, and sections twenty to thirty-five, both inclusive, of the last-mentioned Act shall not be incorporated with this Order:

(2.) With reference to section thirty-nine of the same Act, the prescribed number (constituting a quorum) of the Commissioners shall be three:

(3.) Section fifty-four of the same Act shall not be incorporated with this Order:

(4.) With reference to section eighty-four of the same Act, the sum to be every year appropriated and set apart out of the rates as a sinking fund shall be not less than one fiftieth part of the principal monies borrowed, such appropriation to

Election of Commissioners by Girvan shipowners.

Incorporation of parts of 10 & 11 Vict c. 16.

Undertakers.

Commencement of Commissioners* powers.

Limits of Harbour.

Power to take lands by agreement.

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to execute works.

Description of works

Anchorage dues abolished, and Schedule of new rates.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 7<>.

commence from the expiration of twelve months after full rates are exigible under this Order:

(5.) With reference to section ninety of the same Act, it shall not be obligatory on the Commissioners to cause such statement and account as therein mentioned to be printed.

6. The Commissioners shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

7. The Commissioners shall be deemed fully constituted and incorporated, and shall commence to act under this Order, as soon as four persons have been appointed Commissioners in addition to the two appointed by this Order; and any proceeding of the Commissioners shall not be invalidated or be illegal by reason of the non-appointment of any Commissioner, or by the want of qualification of any person acting as Commissioner, or by any informality in the appointment or election of any Commissioner.

8. The limits within which the Commissioners shall have authority (which shall be deemed the limits to which this Order extends) shall comprise the works by this Act authorized, and the lands, foreshore, and sea contained within the same, and shall extend from the wooden bridge which crosses the water of Girvan at or near Newton Kennedy down to and including the whole of the present harbour and quay walls, and to a distance of three hundred yards in a circle seaward from high-water mark at ordinary spring tides, the centre of the circle being a point at the entrance to the river midway between the extreme points of the proposed northern and southern piers.

9. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Commissioners may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use such lands in and around Girvan Harbour as may be required for the proposed works, not exceeding in the whole five acres.

10. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

11. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may, on the site designated by this Order, and according to the deposited plans and sections, execute and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans and sections.

12. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

(1.) The general deepening, improving, and enlarging of the Harbour of Girvan;

(2.) A pier on the south side of the said harbour extending from high-water mark seaward a distance of three hundred and ninety feet or thereby;

(3.) A pier and harbour wall on the north side of the said harbour, commencing at a jetty belonging to the Maybole and Girvan Railway Company, and terminating at a point seven hundred feet or thereby seaward from the said jetty; with all necessary quays, wharves, jetties, landing-places, approaches, warehouses, offices, Bheds, weighing machines, works, and conveniences connected with the proposed pier and wall.

13. The anchorage dues hitherto leviable in the existing harbour shall continue leviable for twelve months only from the commencement of the operation of this Order, and shall then cease to be levied; and thenceforth the Commissioners may demand and receive rates in respect of the vessels, persons, animals, and goods described in the Schedule to this Order, subject to the other provisions of this Order, and subject and according to the following provisions; namely, —

(1.) Until the Commissioners have expended the sum of six thousand pounds on works authorized by this Order they may demand and receive any rates not exceeding in each instance one half of those specified in the Schedule to this Order;

(2.) As soon as they have expended the sum of six thousand pounds on works authorized by this Order they may demand and receive rates not exceeding those specified in that Schedule;

(3.) If, however, within two years from the commencement of the operation of this Order the harbour is not completed and fit for the reception at all jetties now existing, and at all quays and jetties to be constructed under this Order, of

vessels

321

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

vessels capable of carrying two hundred tons of coals or other goods, then from the expiration of those two years the Commissioners shall not demand or receive any rates under this Order until the harbour is so completed and fit;

(4.) If, moreover, within three years from the commencement of the operation of this Order, the harbour is not completed and fit for the reception, at all jetties now existing and at all quays and jetties to be constructed under this Order, of vessels capable of carrying three hundred tons of coals or other goods, then from the expiration of those three years the Commissioners shall not demand or receive any rates under this Order until the harbour is so completed and fit; (5.) The Board of Trade may, nevertheless, if they think it expedient, extend the said period of three years for any time or times not exceeding in the whole one year.

14. A certificate under the hand of the sheriff of the county of Ayr shall be conclusive evidence that the sum of six thousand pounds has been expended as aforesaid, or that the harbour is completed and fit as aforesaid (as the case may require); and the sheriff shall sign and give such certificate on proof being adduced to him of the expenditure, or of the completion and fitness, required to be certified.

15. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the harbour, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

16. Officers of customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, through, and out of the harbour and the works of the Commissioners by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

17. From and after the expiration of twelve months from the commencement of the operation of this Order all rights of the Duchesse de Coigny in respect of the custom of anchorage in Girvan Harbour, and any other right, privilege, or custom in, over, or affecting Girvan Harbour or the waters thereof, so far as the same may interfere with the rights, powers, or duties of the Cttamissioners, shall be abolished, but nothing in this Order shall apply to or in any manner affect any agreement now subsisting between the said Thomas Francis Kennedy and the Maybole and Girvan Railway Company.

18. The Commissioners may from time to time borrow at interest such money as may be required for the purposes of this Order, not exceeding in the whole the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, on the security of the works authorized by this Order, and of the lands and property connected therewith, and of the rates authorized by this Order, or of any of those particulars, or of any other the property of the Commissioners; and any money borrowed under this Order, and discharged otherwise than by means of the sinking fund, may be re-borrowed if required for the purposes of this Order, and so toties quoties.

19. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the purposes authorized by this Order.

20. The Commissioners shall apply all money received by them from the rates authorized by this Order, and all other income coming into their hands in respect of the works authorized by this Order, or from lands or property connected therewith, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise: —

(1.) In paying year by year the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the works authorized by this Order, and of the lands and property connected or used therewith:

(2.) In paying off a debt or debts due to the said Duchesse de Coigny, and not exceeding in the whole the sum of six hundred pounds, the exact amount of which (not exceeding that sum) is to be ascertained by a single referee to be named by the Sheriff Substitute of the county of Ayr at Ayr:

(3.) In paying a sum of twenty-five pounds in every year after the expiration of twelve months from the commencement of the operation of this Order to the said Duchesse de Coigny, or the heir of entail in possession for the time being of the said estate of Bargany, as compensation for the said custom of anchorage:

(4.) In

Evidence of expenditure, &c.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Customs

officers.

Abolition of anchorage and other rights.

Borrowing

power.

Money to be applied for purposes of Order. Application of rates and income.

Commissioners may provide engines, lighters, &c.

Pilotage, lights, buoys, and beacons.

Meters and weighers.

Lands for extraordinary purposes. Exception of parts of Har-bours, &c. Act

Confirmation of byelaws, and provision for management of Harbour.

Saving for rights of third parties.

Costs of Order.

[Short title.]

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

(4.) In paying year by year the interest accruing on money borrowed under the authority of this Order, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof: (5.) In expending the surplus (if any) towards the deepening and improvement and general purposes of the Harbour.

21. The Commissioners may for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, or any of them, from time to time purchase, lease, provide, or hire such steam or other dredges, steam or other engines, steam tugs, steam or other vessels, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, tools, plant, or other materials as they think fit, and may from time to time, as they think fit, sell and dispose of any such dredges, engines, tugs, vessels, diving bells, lighters, tools, plant, and materials as aforesaid, and shall apply the money thereby realized for carrying into effect the purposes of this Order, or some of them.

22. The Commissioners shall be a pilotage authority and local authority within the meaning of The Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, and the Acts amending the same, and shall have all the powers conferred by those Acts on pilotage authorities and on loca lauthorities.

23. The Commissioners shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the limits of the harbour.

24. The Commissioners shall not acquire for extraordinary purposes lands exceeding w extent in the whole one acre.

25. Sections sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty-five, and twenty-six of the Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order.

26. Any byelaws made under this Order and The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not come into operation until allowed by the Board of Trade, which allowance shall be sufficient as confirmation thereof for all purposes; and it shall not be lawful for the Harbour Master by virtue of section fifty-two of that Act, or of any other authority, or for the Commissioners, to give or cause to be given any direction respecting any matter mentioned in that section, or provided for in the byelaws, further or otherwise than as he or they may be expressly authorized by the byelaws to do so.

27. Nothing in this Order shall confer on or confirm to the^ said Duchesse de Coigny, her heirs, executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, or on or to the said Thomas Francis Kennedy, his heirs, executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, any estate, right, title, or interest in any property or thing, or affect the estate, right, title, or interest (if any) of any person claiming any property or thing adversely to the said Duchesse, her heirs, executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, or to the said Thomas Francis Kennedy, his heirs, executors, administrators, successors, or assigns.

28. The Commissioners shall pay the costs of and connected with the obtaining, preparation, and making of this Order out of the first money which comes to their hands under this Order.

29. This Order may be cited as The Harbour of Girvan Improvement Order, 1865.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

Table I. — Rates on Vessels entering or using the Harbour for shipping,

UNSHIPPING, OR TRANSHIPPING GOODS OR PASSENGERS.

S. d.

For every vessel under the burden of fifteen tons, per register ton - 0 2

For every vessel of the burden of fifteen tons and upwards, per

register ton - - 0 4

For every vessel remaining in the harbour beyond one month, for each additional month, per register ton, every fraction of a month being considered as one month - 0 2

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each time 0 6

All open boats belonging to the harbour engaged in the fishery on the coast, yearly - - 26

323

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Table II. — Rates on Animals and Goods shipped, unshipped, or within the Harbour.

Apples -

Ale

Ale, bottled .....

Bark -

Beef or pork -

Beef or pork -

Blubber -

Bone dust -

Bones of cattle -

Bottles -

Bricks -

Casks, empty, not being returned packages Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls ---- each

Cows and oxen -.. each

transhipped

- per bushel

- per hogshead - per barrel bulk

- per ton

- per ton

- per barrel - per tun of 252 gallons

- per ton

- per ton

- per gross

- per 1,000

- per puncheon

Calves -

Horses .....

Pigs ...

Sheep -Lambs -

Chalk .....

Chimney cans -

Clay, fire, manufactured -Clay, common -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c.

Coaches:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages Coals, Scotch, English, smithy, and culm Copper -Corks ...

Corn:

Wheat and malt .....

Barley, beans, peas, tares, oats, rye, buckwheat, corn -

Crystal ...

Dissolved bones, and other artificial manure Dogs, sporting only -

Drugs -Draff

Earthenware .....

Eggs -

Fish, dried and salted -

Haddocks, cod, salmon, and all fresh fish npt enumerated

per barrel bulk

Flax -Flour -

Ditto -

Glass .....

Groceries:

Almonds, figs, cinnamon, currants, pepper3 prunes, raisins, and the like Guano -

Gunpowder -

Hardware -

- each

- each

- each

- per score

- per score

- per ton - per hundred

- per ton

- per ton

- per barrel bulk

- each

- each

- per ton

- per ton

- per barrel bulk

- per ton and Indian

- per ton per barrel bulk

- per ton. each

per barrel bulk

- per ton

- per crate per barrel bulk

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton - per barrel

per barrel bulk

pimento, plums, per barrel bulk - per ton - per barrel per barrel bulk

a. d.

0 0 *

0 2

0 1

0 8

0 8

0 1

1 0

0 6

0 4

0 2

0 8

0 1

0 3

0 2

0 oi

0 2

0 Oi

0 G

0 3

0 3

1 0

0 6

0 2

0 1

0 8

0 6

0 2

0 6

0 1

0 5

0 5

0 1

0 5

0 1

0 1

0 5

0 4

0 1

0 5

0 1

0 8

0 5

0 Oi

0 1

0 1

0 5

0 2

0 1

324

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

- per barrel bulk

Hares and rabbits ...

Any less quantity Hay, if compressed ...

Hay, not compressed -

Hemp -Herrings:

Fresh -Cured -Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse, salted or dried Calf skins -Sheep skins -

Lamb skins -Hoops of wood -

Household Furniture:

New ... - - per barrel bulk

Belonging to parties changing their residence only

per 10 barrels bulk

- per ton

- per ton per ton

- per cran per barrel

- per ton

- per 120

- per 120

- per 120

- per ton

Husbandry utensils Ditto Iron:

Bar, bolt, and rod Pig or old Kelp ... Lead, all kinds Leather, tanned and dressed Lime

Loam, or moulding sand Machinery Machinery Manure, street Meal -

Milk # -

Musical instruments Oils -Ores:

- per ton

- per barrel bulk

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per barrel bulk

- per ton

- per ton - per 3 large pitchers

- per barrel bulk

- per ton

Copper, iron, lead, and other ores ... per ton

Passengers' luggage, not exceeding barrels bulk, free. All above

barrels bulk Peats -Pitch -Porter -Porter, bottled -Potatoes -

Poultry, including pigeons, game, &c.

Any less quantity Rags, linen -

Other rags, old ropes, and the like Rape cakes ...

Salt -Seeds:

Flax and rape Clover -

Garden -

Hemp and canary Ryegrass -

Skins, seal -

per barrel bulk

- per ton - per barrel

- per hogshead per barrel bulk

- per ton per barrel bulk

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per 120

s. d.

0 H

0 1

0 6

0 8

0 10

0 1

0 1

0 8

0 4

0 4

0 2

0 6

0 1

0 6

0 6

0 1

0 4

0 2

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 2

0 2

0 6

0 1

0 2

0 5

0 o *

0 1

0 6

0 2

0 1

0 2

0 1

0 2

0 1

0 3

0 1

0 01

0 6

0 6

0 3

0 6

0 6

0 6

0 6

0 6

0 8

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Slates -Spirits, foreign and British Stones:

Freestone, pavement, and granite, per ton of 16 cubic feet

- per ton

- per hogshead of 56 gallons

Scythe stones Millstones

Limestones, and other stones Steel -Sugar -

Tallow -

Tar -

Tea -Tiles, roofing -Tiles, or pipes, for draining Tin of all kinds -

Tobacco -

Treenails under 2 feet in length Treenails exceeding 2 feet in length Turnips -

Turpentine -

Vegetables Vinegar -

Vitriol -

Whalebone -

Wine -

Wine, bottled -

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of 50 feet, calliper measure -

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet do.

Firewood -

Laths and lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspokes .....

Oars -

Spars under 22 feet in length, above 2^ and under inches in diameter - - per 120

Spars 2£ inches in diameter, and under - - per 120

Spars 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter ---- per 120

Spars of all lengths, above and under 6 inches in diameter per 120 Spokes of wheel, not exceeding 2 feet in length - per 120 Spokes exceeding 2 feet in length ... per 120 Wedges - - - per 1,000

Pipe staves, and others in proportion - per standard hundred Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood - per ton Wool ---- per cwt.

Yam - - per ton

Zinc. - - per ton

- per ton - each

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton - per barrel

- per chest

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per ton

- per 1,000

- per 1,000

- per ton per hogshead

- per cartload

- per hogshead - per carboy

- per ton

- per hogshead per barrel bulk

- per fathom

- per 120

- per 120

s. d. 0 4 0 6

0 2 0 6 0 4 0 1 0 6 0 6 0 6 0 of 0 1 0 4 0 4 0 6 0 8 0 4 0 8 0 2 0 2 0 2 0 2 0 1 0 8 0 4 0 1

0 4 0 6 0 6 0 8 0 6

1 0

1 0 0 9

2 6 5 4 0 2 0 3 0 6 0 6 0 6 0 0* 0 10 0 6

All other goods not particularized above.

Light goods - per barrel bulk 0 1

Heavy goods ----. per ton 0 6

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken; and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged. Five cubic feet, not exceeding two and a half cwt., to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than two and a half cwt., then two and a half cwt. to be rated as a barrel bulk.

28 & 29 Vict. T t

325

326

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Table IIL — Rates for the use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, Warehouses or Sheds, Hurries, Hawsers, &c.

I. — Bates for Craneage.

For all goods or packages not exceeding ton <m m m 8. 0 d. 3

99 exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - 0 4

99 99 2 tons 99 3 tons - 0 6

99 99 3 tons 99 4 tons - 0 8

99 99 4 tons 99 5 tons - 0 10

99 99 5 tons 99 6 tons - 1 0

99 99 6 tons 99 7 tons - 1 2

99 99 7 tons 99 8 tons - 1 4

99 99 8 tons 99 9 tons - 1 8

99 99 9 tons 99 10 tons - 2 0

99 99 10 tons - - 3 0

II. — Dues for Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, Id. for each ton or part of a ton.

III. — Warehouse or Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 8 barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt, which shall remain in the warehouse or sheds, or on the quays of the harbour, for a shorter time than 48 hours, the sum of 2d .; and the sum of l£d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

IV. — Dues for Hurries.

For each ton of goods of 20 cwt. shipped by means of the hurries, \<L per ton.

V. — Hawser Dues.

For every vessel under the burden of 100 tons using any hawser the property of the trustees, 6d. per vessel; for every vessel of the burden of 100 tons or upwards, Is. per vessel.

VI. — Pilotage Dues.

s. d.

Coasting vessels, per register'ton - - - 0 1$ .

Oversea vessels - ---02

VII. — Rates for Planks andm Shutes.

Vessels under the burden of 20 tons to be exempt. Per Vessel.

s. d.

For every vessel of the burden of 20 tons and not exceeding 25 tons - 0 6

For every vessel exceeding the burden of 25 tons but not exceeding

100 tons - - -10

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and upwards - 2 0

VIII. — Rates for Towing Vessels.

For every vessel registering 40 tons or upwards coming into or going out of the harbour -

Vessels to be towed for the above rates from or to half a mile beyond the present pier-head of the harbour.

Per Ton.

8. d. 0 1

Table IV. — Rates on Passengers, &c.

For every passenger landing on or embarking from any of the piers, s. d. quays, and jetties from or on any steam vessel, for every time - O 2

Mevagisset.

327

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

MEVAGISSEY.

Order to enable the Trustees of the Pier and Harbour of Mevagissey in the County of Cornwall to construct new Piers and Wharves, and extend the Harbour, and for the Maintenance and Regulation of the Piers and Harbour.

1. The Act described in Schedule A. to this Order (hereafter in this Order called the Act 15 G«0- 3-

I^ocal Act) shall cease to be of any validity or force whatsoever; but all debts and money to

due from or to the trustees under that Act, or from or to any persons on their behalf, shall be payable and paid to the trustees incorporated by this Order, and all tolls, rates, duties, and money due or payable by virtue of that Act from or to the trustees thereunder shall be due or payable from or to the trustees incorporated by this Order, and shall be recoverable from or by the last-mentioned trustees by the same ways and means, and subject to the same conditions, as the same would or might have been recoverable from or by the trustees under that Act if it had not been repealed.

2. The existing trustees under the said Local Act, and their successors, to be qualified, Incorporation elected, or appointed as hereafter in this Order provided, shall be and are hereby for the of tnutee8* purposes of this Order incorporated by the name of The Trustees of Mevagissey Harbour,

and by that name shall be one body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of land and other property for the purposes of the undertaking, but subject to the restrictions of this Order; and in this Order the term "the trustees" means the trustees of Mevagissey Harbour by this Order incorporated.

S. The several persons for the time being seised of the freehold or inheritance of the Permanent several houses following, namely, of Carhayes in the Parish of St. Michael Carhayes, of truBtees* Trewarthenick in the Parish of Cornelly, of Penrice in the Parish of St Austell, and of Heligan in the Parish of St Ewe, and the Vicar of Mevagissey for the time being, shall be trustees.

4. All persons for the time being seised of the freehold or inheritance of any lands, Elected tenements, or hereditaments (except those possessed of a freehold under a lease granted for tru8tees* a life or lives absolute, with a reserved yearly rent payable out of the same,) within the town and parish of Mevagissey of the clear yearly value of ten pounds above reprizes, and all persons inhabitants of the town of Mevagissey possessed of or entitled to real or personal estate of the value of five hundred pounds, and all persons inhabitants of the town of Mevagissey rated to the poor rate in the annual sum of fifteen pounds, shall be qualified to be elected trustees.

5. The number of elected trustees shall not exceed nine.

6. Whenever a vacancy occurs in the number of the elected trustees, either existing under the said Local Act or elected under this Order, the trustees shall at a special meeting appointed for the purpose elect another qualified person to be a trustee, and so toties quoties.

7. The Board of Trade may appoint two persons to be trustees, and whenever a vacancy occurs in the office of either of those two trustees, by death, resignation, or otherwise, may appoint another person to fill the vacancy, and so toties quoties.

8. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, except so much thereof as relates to the election and rotation of Commissioners, is hereby incorporated with this Order, and for the purposes of this Order the expression "the limits of the special Act " used in that Act shall mean the town of Mevagissey.

9. The quorum of a meeting of the trustees shall be seven.

10. The annual meeting of the trustees shall be held between the 10th of April and the 10th of May, both exclusive.

11. Any person who at any time after his appointment or election as a trustee accepts or continues to hold any office or place of profit under this Order shall thenceforth cease to be a trustee, and his office shall thereupon become vacant.

12. All the existing piers, quays, wharfs, docks, and other works in and near the harbour of Mevagissey, and the ground and soil thereof, and all sums of money, rates, tolls, duties,

Number of elected trustees. Election of trustees.

Appointment of trustees by Board of Trade.

Incorporation of Commissioners Clauses Act.

Quorum of trustees.

Annual

meeting'.

No trustee to hare any place of profit.

Existing works and property vested in the

328

incorporated

trustees.

Power to take specified lands by agreement.

Lands Clauses Acts incorporated.

Power to make works.

Description of

principal

works.

Incidental

works.

Removal of existing works.

Blasting, dredging, &c.

Trustees may levy dues.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

and other property, rights and powers, vested in or belonging to the existing trustees, are hereby transferred to and vested in the trustees incorporated by this Order for the purposes of this Order, and possession thereof may be taken or recovered accordingly.

13. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the trustees may, from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plan as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

14. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase or taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order.

15. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the trustees may, on the lands vested in or purchased or taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plan and section, make, execute, and maintain the works shown on the deposited plan, and herein-after described.

16. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

(1.) A breakwater, containing a surface area of about two acres; — the sea side extending from the outer part of a rock called Benny's Island to the outer part of a rock called the Black Rock, about 480 feet long; — the harbour side extending from that part of the eastern arm and wharf of the present pier which adjoins the Gurnets to the Black Rock, about 480 feet; — and an arm and wharf about 400 feet long, extending from the Black Rock (and being a continuation of the said breakwater) in a southerly direction:

(2.) An extension of the eastern end of the present northern wharf for about 165 feet, so as to connect it with the eastern arm and wharf of the present pier:

(3.) A short arm about 219 feet in length, extending in a north-easterly direction from a point called Point Stuckham:

(4.) A wharf about 120 feet long, to connect the present northern wharf with the jetty called the Jetty Head:

(5.) A wharf about 99 feet long to connect the said jetty with the present western wharf:

(6.) A wharf extending along the western side of the harbour under the cliff from the base of the said short arm until it meets the western wharf of the present pier, near the doorway called the Quay Door, about 849 feet in length.

17. The trustees may also make, execute, and maintain the following works: —

(1.) All piers, jetties, landing places, roads, steps, approaches, embankments, and other work 8 and conveniences connected with the wharves, quay, pier, or breakwater aforesaid, for the reception and accommodation of vessels and their cargoes, and for the embarking and landing of persons, fish, animals, and goods:

2.) The sufficient and effectual dredging, scouring, cleansing, and removing of any banks of sand or tnud within or adjoining any of the works aforesaid, or in the approach to the harbour.

18. The trustees may, from time to time, on the completion of the aforesaid extension of the northern wharf, and such portions of the breakwater and outer arm adjoining the said breakwater as are marked on the plan C to D and E to F, remove such portions of the

Eresent works as they deem necessary for the convenience and improvement of the inner arbour, and use or dispose of the materials thereof.

19. The trustees may blast, cut, dig, dredge, scour, cleanse, and remove the rocks, sand, clay, mud, and other substances within the limits of the piers and harbour vested in them by this Order, and to be constructed by them under the powers thereof, and of the approaches thereto.

20. With respect to dues the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) From the commencement of the operation of this Order until the completion of such portions of the breakwater and extension aforesaid as are marked on the plan from C to D, and from E to F, and from G to H, the trustees may demand, receive, and recover for the use of the existing works, and all additional works constructed within the limits of the present piers or harbour, on all vessels, fish, goods, animals, merchandise, and things resorting to and landing at, or

loaded

329

28° &l 29° VICTORIA, c. 76.

loaded or unloaded at or using the same, one moiety or half part of the dues specified in Schedules B. and C. to this Order, and the full dues specified in Schedule D. to this Order.

(2.) If, however, the contract for the execution of those works is not entered into within three years after the commencement of the operation of this Order, the Board of Trade may reduce the amount of the said dues (except the dues specified in section 1. of Part I. and section 8. of Part II. of the said Schedule B.) in such proportion as they think fit, such reduction to continue until the trustees have entered into such contract, such dues, nevertheless, not to be so reduced as to give a less amount in the whole than would be obtained from the dues now taken under the said Local Act.

(3.) After the completion of such portions of the breakwater and extension aforesaid as are marked on the plan from C to D, and E to F, and from G to H, (of which notice shall be given by the trustees in the London Gazette,) the trustees may demand, receive, and recover, in respect of all vessels, goods, animals, merchandise, and things resorting to and landing at, or loaded or unloaded at, or using the present piers or harbour, or the wharves, quays, piers, or other works authorized to be constructed by this Order within or beyond the limits of the present pier or harbour, the full rates, dues, and duties specified in Schedules B, C, D, and E to this Order.

(4.) In order that the trustees may levy the full dues specified in Schedules B, C, D, and E to this Order, it shall not be necessary for the trustees to commence any other works than the breakwater and outer arm adjoining, and the extension of the northern wharf aforesaid.

21. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the harbour and works authorized by this Order, or of any part of the harbour and works for the time being vested in the trustees, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from dues leviable under this Order.

22. The limits within which the authority of the trustees and of their harbour master may be exercised for the levying of dues authorized by this Order shall be the old pier and the new piers and harbour, and the works and lands vested in the trustees adjoining and near to the old pier and new piers and harbour; and the limits within which the authority of the trustees and of the harbour master may be exercised for the regulation of the harbour and of the anchorage of vessels lying off the harbour, and for preventing vessels from in any way obstructing the shooting of seana or injuring them when in the water, shall extend to and include the harbour and Mevagissey Bay. from high-water mark to within a straight line drawn from low-water mark at Chapel Point to low-water mark at Pcnare Point as laid down on the Admiralty chart.

23. The dues received under this Order, and all sums of money in the nature of revenue or income vested in the trustees by this Order, shall be applied by the trustees in the manner and order following, and not otherwise: —

(1.) In payment to the person or persons the possessor or possessors of Nanswhydden and manors of Mevagissey in the county of Cornwall of the yearly rentcharge of ten pounds which is now payable to him or them under the said Local Act, such rentcharge to be paid by two equal half-yearly payments on the twenty-fourth day of June and the twenty-fifth day of December in every year:

(2.) In advancing and paying on account of capital the expenses of applying for and obtaining this Order, and preparatory or incident thereto:

(3.) In paying the expenses of the maintenance, management, and regulation of the existing piers and the new works authorized by this Order, and incident thereto: (4.) In paying the interest of the money borrowed and for the time being owing under the authority of the said Local Act:

(5.) In paying the interest of money borrowed under the authority and for the purposes of this Order, and providing the sinking fund required by this Order:

(6.) In

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from dues.

Limits of harbour master's authority.

Application of dues, &c.

330

Power to borrow.

Re-borrowing.

Existing

mortgages.

Power to borrow to pay off money owing under Local Act

Receiver.

Trustees to apply money.

Reduction of dues.

Parts of Harbours Clauses Act not incorporated. Steam vessels, lighters, &c.

Meters and weighers.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

(6.) In or towards execution of the works by this Order authorized, and in further improving the existing harbour and works for the time being:

(7.) Any surplus of the revenue of the trustees shall be applied in paying off the principal sum then owing on the credit of the said undertaking.

24. The trustees may borrow at interest on the credit of the whole dues leviable by them, and of the property for the time being vested in them, any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of twenty-one thousand five hundred pounds.

25. The trustees may from time to time re-borrow any money borrowed under this Order and discharged otherwise than by means of the sinking fund.

26. Nothing in this Order shall affect any mortgage granted by the trustees before the commencement of the operation of this Order, and then subsisting; and every such mortgage, while subsisting, shall have priority over any mortgage granted under this Order.

27. For the purpose of enabling the trustees to pay off the principal sums, amounting to two thousand eight hundred and ten pounds, now owing under the said Local Act, and of getting rid of the priority attached thereto, they may re-borrow the said sum of two thousand eight hundred and ten pounds in such sums, and at such times, and on such terms as they think fit, and may secure the same, with interest, by mortgages of the dues leviable by and property vested in them under this Order, and such mortgages shall rank pari passu with the mortgages to be granted for securing the said sum of twenty-one thousand five hundred pounds or any part thereof, and any sums of money raised by the trustees under this power shall be applied only in paying off principal moneys owing under the said Local Act, and such principal moneys may be paid off by the trustees in such order, proportions, and manner as the trustees think fit.

28. The mortgagees of the trustees may enforce the payment of arrears of interest, or arrears of principal and interest, due on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver, and the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be one thousand pounds.

29. The trustees shall apply the said twenty-one thousand and five hundred pounds, and all money borrowed on account thereof under this Order, and all principal sums arising from the Bale of superfluous lands transferred to them by this Order, in the manner and order following, and not otherwise: —

(1.) In paying the expenses of and incident to the applying for and making of this Order, or in repaying to the revenue account of the trustees the sum of money advanced for this purpose:

(2.) In purchasing lands for and constructing the several works by this Order authorized and incident thereto:

(3.) In and towards executing any additional or other works which the trustees may think expedient for carrying into effect the objects of this Order.

30. After the completion of all the works authorized by this Order, and after payment of all principal sums of money owing by the trustees under the said Local Act, and of all principal sums borrowed for the purposes of this Order, only such rates, dues, and duties shall be levied by the trustees as shall be authorized by the Board of Trade, and be sufficient for the punctual payment of the aforesaid annual rentcharge of ten pounds, the maintenance of the works, the providing all necessary materials for carrying on the business of the port within the limits of the works vested in the trustees, and for the management of the pier and harbour, and incident thereto.

31. The following sections of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, namely, 16, 17, 18, 19, 25, and 26, shall not be incorporated with this Order.

32. The trustees may lay down such tramways, and provide such waggons, carts, barrows, steam engines, steam and other vessels, steam and other dredges, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery as they think necessary for the purposes of the port and harbour, and may demand and receive for the use of the same such sums as they think reasonable.

33. The trustees shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the limits of the harbour and pier and the works and lands vested in them adjoining or near to the harbour and pier.

34. Any

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

34. Any byelaws made under this Order, and The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, (for the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the Special Act,) shall not come into operation until allowed and confirmed by the Board of Trade, which allowance shall be sufficient as confirmation for all purposes.

35. The trustees shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes land exceeding in extent in the whole two acres.

36. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, through, and from the pier and harbour and works for the time being vested in the trustees by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

37. This Order may be cited as The Mevagissey Harbour Order, 1865.

Schedule A. to which the foregoing Order refers.

15 Geo. 3. c. 62.

- An Act for completing and maintaining the Pier at the Town of Mevagissey in the County of Cornwall.

Schedule B. to which the foregoing Order refers.

PART I.

Dues foe Boats and Vessels entebing ob using the Habboub ob Piebs ob

WORKS VESTED IN THE TRUSTEES AT ANY TIME DUBING THE YEAB.

S. d.

1. For every open boat and fishing boat or fishing vessel, wholly or partially decked, and yacht, belonging to the port (with the exception of sean boats, followers and lurkers), a yearly sum (to be considered as due on the thirty-first day of December in each year) according to length as per the following scale:

Not exceeding 15 feet in length - 3 0

Exceeding 15 feet, and not exceeding 16 feet in length - - 3 6

99 16 99 17 99 - - 4 0

99 17 99 18 99 - - 4 6

99 18 99 19 99 - - 5 0

))19 99 20 99 " - - 5 6

99 20 99 21 99 - - 6 0

99 21 99 22 99 - 6 6

99 22 99 23 99 - - 7 0

99 23 99 24 99 -. 7 6

99 24 99 25 99 - - 8 0

99 25 99 26 99 " - - 8 6

99 26 99 27 99 - - 9 0

99 27 99 28 - - 9 6

99 28 99 29 99 - - 10 0

99 29 99 30 99 - - 10 6

99 30 99 31 99 " - - 11 0

99 31 99 32 99 " - - 11 6

99 32 99 33 99 - - 12 0

99 33 99 34 - - 12 6

99 34 99 35 99 - - 13 0

99 35 99 36 99 - - 13 6

99 36 99 37 99 - - 14 0

99 37 99 38 99 - 14 6

99 38 99 39 99 - - 15 0

99 39 99 40 99 - - 15 6

99 40 in length - - 16 0

331

Byelaws.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Custom-house officers exempt from tolls.

[Short title.]

332

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

s» d

For every gig rowing four or more oars, and belonging to the port, at per foot 0 4 The measurement of all open boats, fishing boats, or fishing vessels, wholly or partially decked, yachts and gigs, to be taken over all from the fore part of the stem to the after part of the stern post.

2. For every open boat and fishing boat or fishing vessel, wholly or partially

decked, or yacht not exceeding twenty feet in length, belonging to the port (excepting sean boats, followers and lurkers), carrying any description of arift, moored trawl or other net or nets (with the exception of any such boat or vessel carrying a net not exceeding thirty fathoms in length, and four fathoms in depth, or a trammel net, and carrying only one such net), a yearly sum to be considered as due on the thirty-first day of December in each year, at the rate of double the rates respectively chargeable by the foregoing scale as aforesaid, exceeding twenty feet in length at the rate of four times the rates respectively chargeable by the foregoing scale as aforesaid.

3. For every open boat and fishing boat or fishing vessel, wholly or partially

decked, or yacht belonging to the port, carrying a trammel net, or any other net not exceeding thirty fathoms in length and four fathoms in depth, and carrying only one of each of such nets (in addition to the rates respectively chargeable by the foregoing scale), a yearly sum to be considered as due on the thirty-first day of December in each year, at the rates following: —

For a trammel net - - -20

For any other net not exceeding fifty fathoms in length and four fathoms

in depth - - --10

A boat or vessel carrying one of each of such nets to pay both the last-mentioned yearly sums.

Large Seans.

4. For every large pilchard sean belonging to the port (to consist of not more than one sean boat, one follower and one lurker, carrying any description of sean or seans), the yearly sum (to be considered as due on the thirty-first day of December in each year of - - - 63 0

5. For every person employed or acting as a seaner on board such large sean boat,

follower and lurker, or other boat belonging to such sean, the yearly sum (to be considered as due on the thirty-first day of December in each year of - 2 6

Which yearly sum of two shillings and sixpence the master seaner, or agent, or owner of every such sean and boats, is hereby authorized to deduct and retain out of the first wages or share of every such person, and for the payment of which the owner or owners of such sean and boats are hereby made responsible.

Small Seans.

6. For every small pilchard sean belonging to the port (to consist of not more than one sean boat, one follower and one lurker, carrying any description of pilchard, mackerel, herring, or ground sean or seans), the yearly sum (to be considered as due on the thirty-first day of December in each year of - 32 6

7. For every small sean belonging to the port (to consist of not more than one

sean boat and one follower, carrying mackerel, herring, or ground seans only), the yearly sum (to be considered as due on the thirty-first day of December in each year of - -160

8. Every additional boat belonging to such large or small seans to be paid for

according to the length at the rate first before mentioned.

The trustees may, from time to time, if and when they think expedient, levy, receive, and recover all or any or either of the before-mentioned yearly sums by four equal quarterly payments on the thirty-first day

333

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

of March, the thirtieth day of June, the thirtieth day of September, s. d. and the thirty-first day of December in each year, notwithstanding that the same are herein-before expressed to be considered ns due on the thirty-first day of December in each year.

9. For every open boat not belonging to the port, for each day of twenty-four

hours, or part thereof - - -10

For every additional successive day of twenty-four hours, or any part thereof 0 2

10. For every fishing boat or fishing vessel or yacht, wholly or partially decked,

not belonging to the port, for each day of twenty-four hours, or any part thereof - - -20

For every additional successive day of twenty-four hours, or any part thereof - 0 4

11. For every open boat and fishing boat or fishing vessel, wholly or partially

decked, yacht and sean, not belonging to the port, if compounded for the following proportions (payable in advance) of the rates respectively chargeable for one year for similar boats, vessels, or seans belonging to the port, namely: —

For not exceeding twelve months, one half:

For not exceeding six months, one third:

For not exceeding three months, one quarter:

And every such composition shall date from one of the usual quarter days.

Every open boat and fishing vessel of any description belonging to the port shall have her name and number punted in her stern in letters not less than two inches in length, and her number shall be regulated by the harbour master in case she has no number appointed by Her Majesty's Customs.

PART IL

Dues ok other Vessels entering or using the Pier or Harbour or Works

VESTED IN THE TRU8TEES.

Tonnage Rates.

Outward Charges.

1. For every vessel clearing for any port or place, per register ton - - 0 4

Inward Charges.

2. For every vessel with a cargo from any port or place, per register ton - 0 4

3. For every vessel entering the harbour for the sole and exclusive purpose of

delivering or unloading ballast, per register ton - - 0 2

4. For every vessel, light or in ballast, entering the harbour for shelter or wind-

bound, per register ton - - -02

5. For every vessel in cargo entering the harbour for shelter or windbound, per

register ton - - -03

6. For every lighter or vessel landing or shipping goods or ballast from or to

any vessel not entering the harbour, for each trip, per register ton - - 0 2

7. For every boat entirely open landing or taking on board goods or ballast from

or to any vessel in the bay not entering the harbour, for each trip - - 0 6

8. For every vessel which shall remain in the pier or harbour, or lie alongside or

use any wharf, jetty, breakwater, or landing-place vested in the trustees, for any longer time than twenty-one days, the additional rate for each week or part of a week, per register ton, of - - -01

PART III.

Ballast Dues.

For every ton of ballast discharged, landed, shipped, or transhipped - 0 6

Every vessel discharging her ballast for the purpose of being overhauled or repaired, provided a notice in writing to that effect be first given to the harbour master, only to pay on discharging, and not on taking in the same quantity.

28 & 29 VICT. Uu

334

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Schedule C. to which the foregoing Order refers.

99

99

99

99

99

99

99

Abbathaw lime, burnt, per cwt.

, ground, per cwt

Acid water, acid vegetable or mineral, per pipe

, per hogshead

, per barrel

per kilderkin per firkin per jar, per cwt.

, in quart bottles, per dozen, in pint bottles, per dozen Acorns, per ton -

Agates, per package -

Alabaster, rough, per ton, woriced, per cwt Ale, beer, porter, cider, or perry, per butt or pipe

, , per hogshead

per barrel

99

99

99

99

99

99

J/Vl WUI JL V/l

per kilderkin per firkin

» per jar

, in quart bottles, per dozen

, in pint bottles, per dozen Alkali, per ton Alkanet root, per cwt.

Almonds, per ton

, in boxes or barrels, per cwt Aloes, per cwt Alum, per cwt Aluminium, per cwt Alva Marina, or sea grass, per ton Amber and beads, per cwt

, rough, per cwt.

Ambergris, per cwt.

Anacardium, or the cashew nut, per cwt. Anchors, per cwt Anchor stock, per foot run Anchovies, per cwt Angelica, per cwt.

Animals:

Asses, each Boars, each

Bulls, each ...

Calves, each

Cows, each -

Deer, each -

Dogs, each -

Foxes, each ...

Goats, each -

Hares, per dozen

Horses, each -

, under 12 hands high, each Lambs, each -Mules, each -

t. d. 0 1 0 2 1 0 0 10 0 8 0 6 0 4 0 2

0 4 0 2 0 1

1 8

1 6 1 8 1 0 1 6 0 9

0 4 0 3

0 2 0 1 0 2 0 1 3 4

0 4

3 4

0 6 0 6 0 4 0 4 3 4 2 0 0 4 2 0 0 4 0 4 0 2 0 6

0 4

1 0 1 0 2 0 0 6 1 0 2 0 0 6 0 6 0 6 0 6 2 0 1 0 0 2 1 6

335

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Animals — continued.

Oxen, each -

Pigs, each -

Babbits, per dozen -

Sheep, each -

Wild, large, each -

, small, each -

Stuffed, half the rate of when living.

Annatto, per cwt.

Aniseed, per cwt.

Antimony, per cwt -

Antimony ore, per ton -

Anvils, per cwt -

Apples, per cwt.

Argol, per cwt -

Arrowroot, per cwt -

Arsenick, per cwt -

Arac. (See Spirits.)

Asafoetida, per cwt.

Asbestos, per cwt -

Ashes:

Barilla, per cwt.

Black, per cwt -

Bleaching, per cwt -

Common Irish, per cwt -

Pearl and Pot, per cwt -

Soda, per cwt.

Asphaltum, per cwt.

Bacon, pork, or hams, per cwt.

Bagging and bags, per cwt -

Bales, boxes, cases, casks, trusses, or other packages of cotton, linen, or woollen goods, per cwt -

Balsam, per cwt -

Bamboos. (See Canes, Ground Battans.)

Bananas, per cwt -

Barilla, per ton -Bark:

Not specified, per ton -

Tanner's, per ton -

Medicinal, per cwt -

Barrels or casks, empty, per pipe -

, per hogshead -

, per barrel -

, per kilderkin -

, per firkin

Baskets, empty:

Maunds, or hampers, per dozen -

Ballast baskets, per dozen -

Fish baskets, or pads, per dozen -

Large market baskets, per dozen Small market baskets, per dozen -

Basket rods, per 1,000 -

Bass rope, per cwt -

Beads. (See Bugles.)

Beans. (See Grain.)

Uu 2

s. d. 1 6 0 6 0 4 0 4 10 0 5 0

0 8 0 4 0 4 3 4 0 2 0 2 0 4 0 4 0 4

0 6 0 4

0 2 0 2 0 4 0 2 0 4 0 2 0 2

0 4 0 4

0 4

1 0

0 6 3 4

3 4 3 4 1 0 0 2 0 1* 0 1 0 0i o oi

0 4 0 2 0 2 0 2 0 1 0 4 0 3

336

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76

Bedsteads:

Wood, each -

Iron, each -

Bedposts:

Wood, per set Iron, per set Beef, salted or fresh, per cwt.

Beehives, straw, per dozen -

Beer. (See Ale.)

Beer, spruce, per gallon -

Bees' wax, per cwt.

Betel nuts, per ton -

Bellows:

Common, per dozen -Smiths ', small, each -

Ditto, large, each -

Bell metal, per cwt.

Benjamin. (See Gum.)

Bergamot. (See Essences.)

Berries:

Not specified, per cwt.

Bay, per cwt.

Juniper, per cwt.

Yellow, per cwt.

Billiard tables, each -

Birds:

Ducks, per dozen -

Fowls, per dozen -

Geese, per dozen -

Grouse, per dozen -

Guinea fowls, per dozen Partridges, per dozen -

Pheasants, per dozen -Pigeons, per dozen -

Quails, per dozen -

Turkeys, each -

Small, not specified, per dozen Large, not specified, each Biscuit, per cwt.

Blacking, per cwt.

Black Jack, per ton Black Lead. (See Lead.)

Blocks:

Heel, per gross -

Last, per dozen -

Ship, per dozen -

Blubber, per cwt.

Blue, per cwt.

Bobbins, per cwt.

Bones and bone-dust, per ton -

Books, per cwt.

Boots and shoes, per cwt.

Boracic acid, per cwt -

Borax, per cwt.

Bottles, empty, glass or stone, quarts, per gross Ditto ditto pints, per gross

, in crates or other packages, per cube foot

s. cL

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

m 0 4

- 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - 0 o *

- - 0 3

- - 3 4

0 6

- - 0 6

- - 1 0

0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 5 0

- _ 0 6

- - 0 4

- - 0 8

m - 0 6

- 1 0

- - 0 6

m - 1 0

- - 0 4

- 0 6

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 2 0

- - 1 0

-. 0 1

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

337

Bowie, wood, per dozen - Boxes and cases, empty, small, each, large, each

Boxes and cases of goods not specified, per cubic foot Boxes for wheels, per cwt.

Bran. (See Grain.)

Brandy. {See Spirits.)

Brass (new), per cwt.

, (old), per cwt.

Bread -

Bricks:

Common, per 1,000 ...

Bath and fire, per 1,000 -

Slabjacks, per dozen Brimstone, per cwt.

Bristles, per cwt.

Bronze, per cwt. -

Brooms:

Birch, per gross -Hair, cayhair, whalebone, or whisk, per dozen Broom and brush handles, per gross Brushes, hair, rush, or whalebone, per dozen Brush heads and stocks, per dozen Bugles and beads, per cwt. ... Bullion in packages, per cube foot Bulrushes, per ton ...

Buoys, per cwt.

Butter, per cwt ...

Cables:

Hempen or coil, per cwt Iron, per ton ...

Cabooses, per cwt .....

Calamine, per cwt.

Calaminaris lapis, per cwt.

Calves velves, per cwt -

Camel's hair, per cwt ...

Camphor, per cwt.

Candles:

Tallow, per cwt -

Wax, per cwt -Not specified, per cwt -

Cane juice. (See Molasses.)

Canella alba, per cwt .....

Canes:

Common rattan, per 100 Ground rattan or walking sticks, per 100 Cannon. {See Guns.)

Cantharides, per cwt

Canvas, per cwt .....

Caoutchouc. (See India Rubber.)

Capers, per cwt -

Capillaire, per gallon ...

Carboys:

Full, per cwt -

Empty, each .....

Cards, wool, per dozen ...

s. d.

- 0 4

-01 -02 -01

- 0 4

- 0 4 -02 -02

- 1 8 - 2 6

- 0 3 -03

- 1 0

- 0 4

-04

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 2 - 1 0 - 0 2 - 1 8 -04 -04

- 0 3 -34 -04 -02 -02 -04

- 0 6 -1C

-03 - 1 0 -04

- 0 6

-02

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 4

-06

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 2 -01

338

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Cardamoms, per cwt.

Carpets or carpeting, per cwt,

Carraway seeds, per cwt.

Carriages:

2 wheels, each -

wheels, each wheels, close, each wheels, coaches, each Railway, each -Perambulators, each For guns, each -

Wheels, large, per pair Wheels, small, per pair Carrots, per ton -

Carts, trucks, or waggons:

2 wheels, each wheels, each -Wheels, large, per pair Wheels, small, per pair Hand, each -

Cases. (&<? Boxes.)

Casks. (See Barrels.)

Cassia, per cwt.

Caster beans, per cwt.

Catechu, per cwt.

Caviare, per cwt. -

Cement, per cwt.

Chaffcutters. (See Implements.)

Chain (not specified), per cwt Chairs:

Mahogany, rosewood, &c., per dozen Cane, garden, or camp stool, per dozen Chalk:

Common, per ton

French, per ton -

Charcoal, per ton -

Chassum, per cwt.

Cheese, per cwt. -Cherries, per cwt -

Chesnuts, per cwt Chimney pots:

Earthenware, per dozen Metal, per dozen -Chicory, per cwt -

Chillies, per cwt.

China root, per cwt, ware, per cwt

, clay, per ton .....

Chiranga root, per cwt -

Chirayita, per cwt

Chirt stones, per ton -

Chocolate, per cwt -Cider. (See Ale).

Cigars, per cwt.

Cinders, per ton -

Cinnabar, per cwt. -

s. d.

- - 0 8

- m 0 4

- 0 3

- 5 0

- - 6 0

- - 8 0

- - 10 0

- - 20 0

- - 0 6

- - 5 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 8

- 0 10

.. 2 0

- - 4 0

- 1 0

- - 0 8

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

_ 2 0

- 1 0

1 8

- - 3 4

- - 3 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- 0 4

- - 0 2

1 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- 0 6

- - 1 0

. 0 8

- - 1 0

- - 0 8

* i 2 0

. - 0 10

- - 1 0

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76

339

Cinnamon, per cwt Citron: -

In salt, per cwt.

Preserved, cwt Clay:

Common, per ton -.

Potters ', per ton -

Clocks, per dozen

, 8-day, in case, each Cloth, woollen, linen, or cotton, per cwt Clogg soles, per cwt.

Clogs, per cwt -

Cloves, per cwt

Coals, per ton -

Cod roe, per cwt Cobalt, per cwt Cochineal, per cwt Coculu8 Indicus, per cwt.

Cocoa, per cwt Cocoa nuts, per hundred Cocque do Perle, per cwt Coffee:

Raw, per cwt

Roast, per owt -

Coir, per cwt -

Coke, per ton Coliquintida, per ewt Colouring for porter, per-gallon Columba root, per cwt Colours:

Painters ', mixed, per cwt, dry, per cwt Copper, per cwt -

Furnaces and stills, per cwt Copperas, per cwt Coquilla nuts, per cwt Coral, per cwt.

Cordage, per cwt.

Cordials, per gallon Bottles, per dozen Cork, per cwt Corks, bottle, per 10 gross Coriander seed, per cwt.

Corn. (See Grain.)

Cornelians. (See Grain.)

Cotton:

Raw, per cwt.

Manufactured, per cwt lcrp per cwt

co, per cwt each

per pipe or puncheon per hogshead per barrel or anker per keg or half anker of tartar, per cwt -

i. d.

- - - 1 0

0 4

- - - 0 6

0 6

- - - 0 6

-. - 2 0

- - - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 2

- - - 1 0

- -. 0 10

- - - 0 4

. - - 0 1

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 6

- - 0 4

. - - 1 0

- - - 0 .4

m 0 3

- - 0 4

0 3

- -. 0 10

- -. 0 8

- - - 0 o *

0 4

m 0 2

- - - 0 4

. -. 0 4

- - 0 4

. - - 0 4

-. 0 4

2 6

0 3

0 1

- 0 2

0 3

m - 0 3

m 0 3

- 0 3

- - 0 4

. 0 6

- 0 3

- - 0 2

m. 2 0

- 1 0

- 3 8

0 6

m 0 4

340

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Crease, earthenware, per dozen Crystal, rough, per ton -, beads, per cwt Cubebs, per cwt -

Culm, per ton -

Cummin seed, per cwt -Currants, per cwt -

Dates, per cwt.

Deals. (See Wood.)

Diamonds and precious stones, per package Divi Divi, per ton -Dissolved bones, per ton Dogs. {See Animals.)

Down, eider, per cwt -

Dragon's blood, per cwt.

Drapery, in bales, per cwt Dripstones, per cwt -

Drugs (not specified) per cwt.

, in casks, hampers, or boxes, per cubic foot Dyes, per cwt.

Dung. (See Manure.)

Earth:

Common, per ton -

Black, per ton -Brown, per ton -

Red, per ton -

Yellow, per ton -

Earthenware, coarse, loose, per potters' dozen In crates, barrels, or boxes, per foot Eau-de-Cologne, per case

, per half case

Eggs, per 100 Einerv, per cwt -

Stones, per cwt.

Empty bags and sacks (not returned), per cwt. Engines, per ton -Epsom salts, per cwt Essences, per cwt Essential oils, per cwt -Euphorbium, per cwt -Extract of oak bark, per .cwt

, medicinal, per cwt

Fans, in boxes or cases, per cubic foot Feathers, bed, per cwt

, ostrich, in packages, per cubic foot Felt, per cwt -

Figs, per cwt.

Filtering stones, per cwt -

Fire-arms, per cwt.

Fish, fresh:

Mackerel, per 100 Herrings, per 1,000 -

Pilchards, per 1,000 -

Not specified, per cwt To be cured in the town

s. d.

- - 0 1

- - 5 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 10

- -. 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

5 0

- - 3 4

- - 1 0

1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- 0 2

- _ 0 6

- - 0 2

. 1 0

m - 0 6

. - 1 0

- - 1 0

m - 1 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 4

- - 0 0$

- - 2 0

- 1 0

- 0 4

-. 0 2

- 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 5 .0

- - 0 4

- - 2 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - 1 0

- - 0 2 *

. - 0 6

- 0 2

-. 0 3

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

0 1

- - 0 5

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

m - free.

341

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Fish, fresh — continued. s. d.

Refuse or caff, per ton - - r - - 0 6

Fresh fish taken and landed by boats or vessels which either pay the annual rates mentioned in Schedule A, Part I., or compound for the use of the harbour, are exempt from fresh fish dues.

Fish, cured:

Pilchards, per hogshead - - -10

, per half hogshead - - - 0 6

, small barrels in proportion.

Other fish, per cwt - - 0 2

From other ports, and brought to Mevagissey for exportation, one half.

Fishing lines, per cwt -

, hooks, per cwt.

Flock, per cwt.

Flax:

Rough, per ton -

Hanks, per dozen ...

Floor cloth, per cwt.

Flour. (See Grain.)

Flower roots, plants or trees, in packages, per cubic foot Frankincense, per cwt .....

Fruit:

Green (not specified), per cwt. -Dried, per owt -

Preserved, per cwt -

Fuel, patent, per cwt.

Fuller's earth, per ton -

Furniture (not specified), per cubic foot Furs, per cwt -

Galangal, per cwt -

Galbanum, per cwt -

Galls, per cwt -

Gamboge, per cwt .....

Gates, iron or wood, each -

Gelatine, per cwt .....

Geneva. (See Spirits.)

Gentian root, per cwt .....

Gin. (See Spirits.)

Ginger, per cwt.

Gingerbread, per cwt ...

Ginseng, per cwt

Glass, in packages, per cubic foot -Glauber salts, per cwt -

Glue, per cwt -Grain:

Wheat, per quarter -

Barley, per quarter -

Oats, per quarter -

Rye, per quarter .....

Malt, per quarter -

Beans and peas, per quarter

Indian corn, per quarter ...

Ditto meal, per cwt -

Barley meal, per cwt

Oatmeal, per cwt ..... Flour, per cwt -

28 & 29 Vict. X x

- 0 4

- 0 6 - 0 2

- 3 4

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 1 - 0 6

- 0 2 -04 - 0 6 - 0 2 - 1 0 - 0 1 - 0 8 0 6 - 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 6 - 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1 *

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 1

- 0 2

- 0 1

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Grain — continued.

Bere and bigg, per cwt.

Bran, per cwt.

Goat's hair, per cwt Granilla, per cwt.

Grapes, per cwt Grass, foreign, per cwt.

Grates and stoves, per cwt Gravel, not bought as ballast, per ton Grease or greaves, per cwt Groats, per cwt

Groceries (not specified), per cwt. Guano, per ton Guinea grains, per cwt Gums (not specified), per cwt. Gunpowder, per cwt Guns, iron, per ton Brass, per ton Composition, per ton Steel -Gutta percha, per cwt Haberdashery and hosiery:

In bales, per cwt In boxes, per cubic foot Hair, per cwt Hanks for sails, per gross Hardware (not specified), per cwt Harrows, each Hartall, per ton

Hats, in packages, per cubic foot Hay or grass, per ton Hay rakes:

Hand, per dozen -Horse, each Hemp, per ton Hides:

Wet, per ton Dry, per ton Fleshings, per cwt Roundings or glue pieces, per cwt Hilts:

Pick, per gross Shovels, per dozen Hogsheads, empty. (See Barrels.)

Pilchard, empty, each Hones, per cwt Honey, per cwt -Hoofs, per cwt Hoops:

Iron, per cwt.

Wooden, per bundle For mast or white hoops, per dozen Hops, per cwt. -Horns, tips, or plates, per cwt Horse shoes, per cwt Hurdles, wood or iron, per dozen Ice, per ton -

t. d.

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

- -. - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- -. - 0 4

- - - _ 1 0

- - - 0 6

- -. 0 6

- - _ 0 4

-. _ _ 3 4

. 6 8

- - - 6 8

- - -. 6 8

- - 0 4

-. 0 4

- - - at 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - -. 0 3

- - 0 4

- - 5 0

- - _ 0 1

- - - 1 0

_ 0 2

- - - 1 0

- - 3 4

. 1 8

- - - 3 4

- - - 0 2

- - - " 0 2

. 1 0

- - 0 2

0 1

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - 0 2

_ 0 2

- - 0 o *

- - - m 0 2

- - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 2

- 0 2

- - - 0 6

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76

343

s. d.

Implements of husbandry (not specified), per cwt - 0 2

India rubber, per cwt. - - 0 6

Indigo, per cwt. - -Ink: - 1 0

Liquid, per gallon - - 0 1

Solid, per cwt. - - 0 6

China or Indian, per cwt. - -. 1 0

Inkle, per cwt. - - - 0 6

Ipecacuanha, per cwt. -Iron: - ] 0

Pig, bar, bolt, and rod, per ton - _ 1 8

Hoop, plate, sheet, and forged, per ton - 3 4

Manufactured, wrought or cast, per ton - 3 4

Old or broken, per ton - - 0 10

Furnaces, per cwt. -. 0 2

Galvanized, per cwt. - - 0 2

Ironmongery (not specified), per cwt. - 0 3

Isinglass, per cwt. - - - 0 6

Ivory, per cwt. - - 1 0

Ivory black, per cwt. - 0 2

Jack screws, per pair - - 0 6

Jalap, per cwt. - - - 1 0

Juice or syrup (not specified), per cwt - 0 4

Juniper berries, per cwt. - - 0 4

Junk or old rope, or old sail cloth, per cwt. - 0 2

Jute, press-packed, per ton - 3 4

Kelp, per ton - - 1 8

Kips, per cwt. - - _ 0 4

Lac dye, gum, stick, seed, and shell, per cwt - -. 0 4

Lace, in packages, per cubic foot - - 0 2

Lacquered ware, per cwt. - - - 0 4

Ladles, per gross - - - 0 6

Lamp black, per cwt - - 0 4

Lanterns, horn or glass, per dozen - _. 0 2

Lard, per cwt - - _. 0 4

Lavender flowers, per cwt - -. 0 8

, water, per gallon Lead: - 0 o *

Pig or sheet, per cwt - _ _ 0 2

Black, white, or red, per cwt - _ 0 2

Shot, per cwt -. _ 0 3

Scrap, per cwt. -Leather: - 0 1

Tanned, per cwt -, 0 4

Wrought, per cwt - -. 1 0

Leeches in packages, per cubic foot - - _ _ 0 2

Lemons, per chest - _ 0 4

, per box - -. 0 2

Lemon, lime, and orange juice, per gallon - 0

, peel, per cwt - - _ 0 4

Lime, burnt, per ton - -. 0 6

Limes, per cwt - _ _ 0 6

Linen cloth, per cwt - - _ 0 4

, rags, per cwt - - _ 0 1

Linseed, per quarter - - 0 4

Lint cloth, per cwt. - - Xx 2 - - 0 6

344

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Liquorice or Succus liquoritae, per cwt.

, root, per cwt.

Locomotive engines, per ton Loom or moulding sand, per ton Maccaroni, per cwt.

Mace, per cwt.

Machinery (not specified), per ton Wood and iron mixed, per foot Madder root, per cwt. -Manganese, per ton -Mangles, each -

Mangold wurtzell, per ton -

Manna, per cwt.

Manure (not specified), per ton Manufactured, per ton -Marbles, per cwt.

Mastic gum. (See Gum.)

Matches, packages, per cubic foot Mats and matting, per dozen Meat, per cwt -

Melons, per cwt -

Melting pots, per dozen -

Millinery, in packages, per cubic foot Millboards, per 120 -

Minerals. (See Ores.)

Mineral waters. (See Acid water.)

Mohair yarn, per cwt -

Molasses and treacle, per cwt Mops, per dozen -

, handles, per gross -

Moss, rock or Iceland, per cwt.

Mother-o'-pearl:

Shells, per cwt -

Ware, per cubic foot Mundic, per ton -

Munjeet, per cwt. -Muntz's patent, per cwt -

Muriate of lime, potash, and soda, each, per cwt. Musical instruments, per cubic foot Musk, per cwt -

Mustard, per cwt -Myrrh, per cwt.

Myrabolams, per cwt -

Nails:

Iron, per cwt Copper, per cwt Galvanized iron, per cwt.

Zinc, per cwt.

Nanari, per cwt.

Nankeen, in packages, per cubic foot

Natron, per ton

Net, per cwt.

Nests of trunks, per cubic foot

Nickel, per ton -

Nitrate of soda, per ton

Nutmegs, per cwt.

1. d.

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 2

- - - 5 0

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 4

- - - 1 0

- - - 5 0

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- - - 1 0

- - - 0 10

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 6

- - - 1 0

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 oi

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 1

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 3

- - - 0 6

- - 0 3

. 0 4

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 2

- - - 0 2

- - - 1 0

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 3

_ 0 2

- - - 0 4

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 2

- - - 3 4

. - - 0 4

- - 0 1

- 5 0

1 8

0 6

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76

345

Nuts:

Not specified, per cwt. -Filbert and Barcelona, per cwt Walnuts, per cwt -

Almond, per cwt -

Nux vomica, per cwt -

Oakum, per cwt. -

Oars, under 20 feet in length, per dozen 20 feet and under 30 feet, per dozen 30 feet and above, per dozen Oatmeal. (See Grain.)

Ochre, per cwt. -Oil:

Not specified, per cwt -

Castor, per cwt.

Chemical, per cwt.

Fish, per ton -

Nut per cwt -

Linseed, per cwt -

Palm, per cwt.

Olive, per cwt -

Rape, per cwt.

Dregs, per ton -

In flasks, per chest ...

, per half chest ... Cake, per ton Oil cloth or painted canvas, per cwt Old salt:

Refuse of salt used in the town, per ton Refuse of used salt from other ports, per ton Olibanum. (See Gum.)

Olives, per cwt .....

Onions, per owt.

Opium, per cwt ..... Oranges, per chest .....

, per box ...

Orange peel, per cwt -

Orchella weed, per cwt -

Ores:

Not specified, per ton -

Iron, per ton .....

Tin, per ton -

Copper, per ton ...

Silver, per ton -

Orpiment, per cwt.

Orrice root, per cwt. -Orsiddew, in packages, per cubic foot Otto of roses. (See Essences.)

Ovens, earthenware, each ... Ox bows, per dozen -

Oysters, per cwt ..... Paints (not specified), per cwt.

Paintings, pictures, and picture frames:

Pier glasses, per cubic foot Pans, earthenware, per potter's dozen Warming pans, per cwt Brass, per cwt.

s. d.

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 2

-02

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 6

-10 - 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 1 0

- 0 4

- 0 2

-10

- 0 4

- 0 5

- 0 10

- 0 6

- 0 2

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 2

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 3

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 2

- 0 1

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 0 4

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76

Paper, stationers ', per cwt.

Other descriptions, per cwt. Papier-machd goods, packages, per cubic foot Parcels, not passengers luggage, each Pearl barley, per cwt.

Pears, per cwt.

Peas. (See Grain.)

Peat, per ton -Pellitory root, per cwt.

Pepper, per cwt.

Perry. (See Ale.)

Peruvian bark, per cwt.

Pessara, per cwt.

Petroleum or rock oil, per cwt.

Pewter, per cwt.

Phials, per cubic foot -Pianofortes. (See Musical Instruments.) Pickles, per dozen bottles Pill boxes, in packages, per cubic foot Pimento, per cwt. -

Pink root, per cwt.

Pins, per cwt. -Pipes:

Tobacco, per cwt.

Earthenware for draining, per ton Stoneware, per ton Iron, per cwt.

Lead, tin, zinc, per cwt.

Pitch, per cwt. -Burgundy, per cwt Pipeclay, per cwt -Pork. (See Bacon.)

Plaster of Paris, per cwt

Ploughs, each -

Plums, per cwt -

Dried, per cwt -

Pomegranates, per cwt Peel, per cwt -

Porcelain, per cwt.

Porphery. (See Stone.)

Porter. (See Ale.)

Potash, per cwt.

Potatoes, per ton -

Pots, flower, per potters' dozen Butter, per potters' dozen Poultry. (See Birds.)

Preserves, per cwt.

Prunes, per cwt -

Pozzolano, per ton Pumice stone, per cwt. -Pyrolignate of lead, per ton Polishing paste, per cwt Quassia, per cwt.

Quern stones, each -Quicksilver, per bottle

s. d.

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 3

- 0 10

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

1 0

- 0 3

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 4

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

0 2

- - 0 10

- - 1 8

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

- - 1 0

. - 0 2

- - 1 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

- 0 4

- - 0 6

- 0 4

- - 0 2

- - 1 8

- - 0 2

- - 0 4

_ 0 6

- - 0 4

- - 3 4

- - 0 2

- - 3 4

- - 0 4

- 0 3

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

347

Quills or quill pens, per 1,000 Miners, per cwt -Quinces, per cwt.

Quinine, per cwt -Bags, per cwt -

Baisins, per cwt -Beed, per ton Bhatania root, per cwt, extract per cwt Rhubarb, per cwt.

Rice, per cwt -

Rinds, tanners ', per ton Rope, per cwt ...

Old or junk, per cwt Wire, per cwt -

Rosin, per cwt -

Bum. (See Spirits.)

Bushes, per ton ...

Sac saturn, per cwt.

Sacks, empty, per cwt Safflower, per cwt.

Saffron, per cwt.

Sago, per cwt -

Sail-cloth, per cwt -

Sails, per cwt -

Sal ammoniac, per ton -

Sal gem, rock salt, per ton

Salmon, per cwt -

Salt per ton -

Saltpetre and sal prunella, per cwt

Sand, not brought as ballast, per ton

Sarsaparilla, per cwt.

Sash-weights, per cwt

Sassafras, per cwt -

Scammony, per cwt -

Scoops:

Boat, per dozen Fish, per dozen Malt, per dozen -Scuttles, coal, iron or tin plate, per dozen, copper, per dozen Scythe blades, per dozen

, stones, per cwt Scythes, per dozen -

Seahorse teeth. (See Ivory.)

Seaweed, per ton Seeds:

Clover and other agricultural, per cwt Flower, per cwt.

Linseed, rapeseed, &c., per quarter Senna, per cwt. -Shingle, not brought as ballast, per ton Shoddy per ton Shot:

Lead, per cwt.

Iron, per ton

Steel and shell, per ton

s. d. - 0 2

- 1 0

- 0 3

- - 2 0

- 0 1

. 0 4

_ - 0 6

. 0 6

. _ 1 0

. 0 6

- _ 0 2

_ - 1 8

. - 0 3

_. 0 2

- _ 0 2

- 0 2

0 6

. 0 3

m. 0 4

- 0 3

1 0

tm 0 3

m 0 4

0 6

_. 3 4

_ 1 8

_ 0 3

1 8

_ 0 2

0 2

1 0

0 2

0 6

- 1 0

0 2

0 3

- 0 4

0 3

- - 0 4

0 2

. 0 3

- - 0 4

- - 0 3

0 3

. 1 0

0 4

. 0 4

0 2

- - 3 4

0 3

-. 3 4

. - 5 0

348

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Shrub. (See Spirits.)

Shumac, per ton -Sickles, per dozen -Silk:

Raw, per cwt.

Thrown, per cwt.

Waste, per cwt -

In packages manufactured, per cubic foot Sieves, per dozen -

Skins of wild animals;

Large, per cwt -

Small, per cwt.

Slates:

Writing, per gross -

Pencils, per cwt -

Roofing, per ton -

Flooring, per ton -

Smalts, per ton -

Snuff, per cwt. -

Soap, per cwt. -

Soda, per cwt.

Soda water, per dozen bottles -Sofas, each -

Solder and spelter, per cwt, -

Spermaceti, per cwt -

Spetches, per ton -

Spices (not specified), per cwt Spirits, British or foreign, per gallon, in bottles, per dozen quarts

Ditto ditto pints

Sponge, per cwt.

Squills, per cwt -

Spokes for wheels, per dozen Naves for wheels, per dozen Stamp lifters, per dozen -

Starch, per cwt.

Staves and heading for pilchard hogsheads, per 1,000 Steel, per cwt -

Pens, per cwt -

Stock fish, per cwt -

Stone:

Building, per ton -

Paving stones, per ton -

Mill, per ton -

Burr, per ton -

Bath and Portland, rough, per ton, cut, per ton

Flagstone and granite, rough, per ton, cut, per ton

Grinding stones, per cwt -Limestone, per ton -

Marble:

Rough, per ton -

Cut, per ton -Porphery, Serpentine, &c .:

Rough, per ton Cut, per ton -

s. d.

.. 3 4

- - 0 2

1 0

- - 2 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 2

m - 0 3

m 0 3

- 0 6

0 6

- - 0 4

. 0 10

- 0 10

- 3 4

- - 0 4

- 0 3

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- 1 0

- - 0 2

_ 0 4

. - 3 4

. 0 6

- - 0 o *

. - 0 3

. 0 2

1 0

_ 0 3

0 2

- 0 6

. 0

. 0 4

_ 1 8

. 0 4

1 0

0 2

_ 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 1 0

- 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 9

- - 0 4

- - 0 6

- - 0 1

- .0 2

1 0

- 2 0

, 1 0

- - 2 0

349

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76

Stone — continued.

Road stone, per ton Freestone:

Rough, per ton Cut, per ton Straw, per ton

Succades or sweetmeats, per cwt Sugar:

Soft, per cwt.

Refined, per cwt.

Candy, per cwt. of Lead, per cwt.

Sulphur, per cwt.

Sheepwasher's dirt, per Talc, per cwt.

Tallow, per cwt.

Tamarinds, per cwt.

Tanners' poles, per cwt.

Tapioca, per cwt.

Tar, per barrel -

Tares, per ton Tarras, per cwt.

Tea, per cwt. -Teazels, per cwt.

Terra Japonica, Sienna, and Verde, per cwt.

Tessera, per cwt -

imbles, per cwt

ton

---- j A

Sail, per cwt reshing machines, each rumbs, per cwt.

s:

Roofing, per ton Paving, per ton Draining, per ton

Slocks, ingots, or barrel, Plate, per box, per ton

co:

Law, per cwt.

lanufactured, per cwt.

ies, per cwt

lin Beans, per cwt

seshell, per cwt

per cwt

per cubic foot

e or molasses, per cwt.

for saddles, per dozen

aers, per gross

testicles, per 1,000

By empty, per cubic foot

per ton

>ric, per cwt.

>8, per ton atine, per cwt. s, each, per cwt.

per cwt & 29 Vict.

per ton

s. <L

- - - 0 2

0 2

- -. 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

0 2

- 0 4

- - - 0 6

- 0 6

- - - 0 3

- 3 0

- - 0 4

- - 0 2

- 1. - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - - 0 3

. - 1 0

- - 0 2

- 0 6

- - 0 2

- - _ 0 4

- - 0 2

- - - 0 6

- - 0 4

- - 5 0

- - 0 4

1 8

- - 0 10

- - - 0 10

_ 4 0

- - - 0 2

- - 4 0

. 0 4

- - 0 6

. - - 0 4

- - 1 0

- -. 1 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 1

- - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- - 0 1

- -. 0 10

- - 0 3

- - 0 10

- - - 0 4

- - I 0

- - - 0 4

- - 0 6

Y y

350

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Yalonia, per ton -

Vanellas. (See Succades.)

Varnish, per cwt -

Vegetables, per cwt. -

Venice turpentine, per cwt.

Verdigris, per cwt.

Vermicelli, per cwt -

Vermillion, per cwt -

Vinegar, per gallon -

Vitriol, per cwt -Walnuts, per cwt -

Waste, braziers ', button makers ', furriers ', soapers ', tanners ', vitriol, sugar bakers ', per cwt.

Wax:

Bees, per cwt -

Sealing, per cwt -

Weights:

Iron, per cwt -

Brass, per cwt - -

Weld or wood, per cwt -

Whalebone, per cwt -

Fins, per cwt.

Wheelbarrows, each -

Wheels, iron, per cwt -

Whetstones, per cwt.

Whips, per dozen -

Whipsticks, per dozen -

Whiskbrooms, per dozen -

Whisky. (See Spirits.)

Whiting, per cwt -

Wick yam, pack, per cwt -

Winch or windlass, per cwt.

Winnowing machines, each -

Wine:

British or Foreign, per gallon -

In bottles, per dozen quarts -

Wire: " per dozen pints -

Iron, per cwt. -

Brass, per cwt.

Copper, per cwt ..... Not specified, per cwt Wood:

Dyers, &c., viz .: bar, box, Brazil, brazelletto, cam, oocus, ebony, fustic, lignum vitse, logwood, Nicaragua, quassia, sandal, sanders, sapan, sassafras, per ton Furniture, viz, : cedar, mahogany, rose, satin, &c., per ton Deals, battens, ends, boards, per load of 50 cubio feet Firewood, periathom of 216 cubic feet -

Gunstocksj, per 120 -

Handspikes, not exceeding 7 feet long, per 120

, exceeding 7 feet long, per 120 -

Knees, under 5 inches square, per 120 -

, 5 and under 8 inches square, per 120

Lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet ... Laths, 4 ft lengths, pet 1,000 -

, 3 ft, per 1,000 -

, 2 ft, per 1,000 - -

t. d. 3 4

0 6 0 2 0 6 0 2

0 4

1 0 0 0$ 0 4 0 4

0 2

0 3 0 6

0 2 0 4

0 4

1 0 0 4 0 4 0 4 0 3 0 2 0 1 0 4

0 2 0 3 0 3 2 6

0 OJ 0 2 0 1

0 2 0 4 0 4 0 6

3 4 3 4 1 6 0 6 1 6 2 0 3 0

3 0

4 6 3 0 0 4 0 3 0 2

351

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Wood — continued. s.

Spars, under inches diameter, per dozen - 0

, and under 6 inches diameter, per dozen - - 0

, 6 and under 8 inches diameter, per dozen - - 1

, 8 and under 12 inches diameter, each - 0

, 12 and above, as timber, 40 feet per load.

Staves (not specified), per load, 250 cubic feet - - 1

Bickers, per 120 - -6

Staves, Baltic, pipe, per 120 - - - 2

, hogshead, per 120 - - -. 1

, barrel, per 120 - - 1

, heading, per 120 - - -0

, thin, pipe, 1 to 1£ inch thick, per 120 - - 1

, pipe, board, 3 inches thick, per 120 - 3

Billet, oak or ash, above 3^ inches and not exceeding feet long,

per 120 - - 2

, exceeding 1J to 3£ inches, per 120 - - 1

, under 1^ inches, per 120 - 1

Packs. (See Casks, empty.)

Staves, American, per Quebec standard of 120, of 5£ feet long by 1J inch thick - - 1

Ditto, Quebec, puncheon, St. John's ash, and oak, hogshead, per 120 - - 1

Timber and planks, viz .: Fir, square, per load of 50 feet - - 1

, round, per load of 40 feet - - 1

Ash, beech, birch, and elm, per load of 40 feet - 1

Oak, teak, wainscot, and other hard wood, per load of 40 feet - 2

Treenails, under 2 feet long, per 1, 200 - 2

, 2 feet and upwards, per 1, 200 - 4

Wool:

Packs of British, per cwt. - - 0

Spanish and all others, per cwt - - - 0

Woollen manufactures, per cwt. - - 0

Yams, per cwt - - - 0

Yarn, per cwt. - - - 0

Zaffers, per cwt. - - 0

Zedoary, per cwt - - - 0

Zinc, per ton - - -- -3

, sulphate of, per ton - - 3

All other goods not particularly enumerated:

Light goods, per cubic foot - 0

Heavy goods, per ton - - - 2

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified, a proportion of the respective rates to be charged.

All goods brought from other ports by sea for exportation (with the exception of fish), one third of the rates respectively leviable by the foregoing schedule.

In case of any goods being discharged from any vessel putting info the harbour in distress, and being obliged to discharge her cargo to repair damages, such goods shall only be liable,

- if landed and reshipped-by the same owner on board the same or any other vessel, to one quarter of the rates respectively leviable by the foregoing schedule for landing only; and if transhipped without being landed, to one eighth of the rates respectively leviable by the foregoing schedule.

Yy 2

cL

4

8

0

3

6

0

3

6

0

9

0

0

6

6

0

6

6

6

6

6

0

0

0

3 6

4 2 2 4 4 4 4

1

0

352

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Schedule D. to which the foregoing Order refers.

Dues for the use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, &c.

Craneage.

All goods or packages raised or lowered, for every ton or part s. d. of a ton - - -04

Weighing Machines.

All goods or packages weighed, for every ton or part of a ton - 0 2

Shed Dues.

1. For every ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for every ton of goods of twenty cwt., which remains in the warehouses or sheds, or on the quays, or other works vested in the trustees, for a

longer time than forty-eight hours - 0 3

And per ton for each day, or part of a day, during which the

goods remain after the first seventy-two hours - - 0 2

And so in proportion for any less quantity.

2. For every portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers luggage, for each day or part of a day - - 0 2

Water on Pier.

1. Water, per ton - -06

2. Fishing vessels and yachts belonging to the port, per annum - 1 0

Passengers Luggage.

For every 28 lbs. or part thereof exceeding cwt. - - 0 1

Fish Buyers Carts.

For each time using the wharves or jetties - 0 2

Schedule E. to which the foregoing Order refers.

Dues for the use of Graving Dock, Patent Slip, and Gridiron.

Graving Dock and Patent Slip.

For every vessel (light) for each day of twenty-four hours, per

register ton - - 0 3

For every vessel in ballast or cargo, for each day of twenty-

four hours, per register ton - - 0 4

Every steam vessel having her engines on board to be considered as a vessel in cargo.

The day of docking and undocking both included.

The day to end at noon, and each fractional part of a day will be charged as one day.

N.B. — No vessel will be allowed to remain in the dock longer than seven days, or on the gridiron longer than one working tide, unless under special agreement.

These charges do not include the labour of docking and undocking.

Gridiron.

For every vessel using the gridiron, on one tide and off the next, per register ton - -01

353

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

STORNOWAY.

Order for the Improvement and Regulation of the Harbour of Stornoway in the Island of the

Lews and County of Ross.

1. The present members of the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, and their successors, to be appointed as in the Feu Charter set forth in the First Schedule to this Order (hereafter in this Order called the said Feu Charter) provided (subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Order), shall be and are hereby for the purposes of this Order incorporated by the name of The Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, and by that name shall be a body corporate, with perpetual succession and a common seal, and with power to purchase, take, hold, and dispose of lands and other property for the purposes but subject to the restrictions of the said Feu Charter and of this Order.

2. Notwithstanding anything in the said Feu Charter, the following provisions shall have effect: —

(1.) The appointment of every Commissioner appointed by the Superior of the burgh of Stornoway, or by the Sheriff of the County, shall be made in writing, and until the writing of appointment is deposited with the clerk to the Commissioners the person thereby appointed shall not be entitled to act as a Commissioner.

(2.) The Commissioners from time to time appointed after the Commissioners nominated in the said Feu Charter go out of office shall respectively hold office from the first Tuesday in the month of May in the year of their appointment to the end of the day next preceding the first Tuesday in the month of May in the next following year.

(3.) At meetings of the Commissioners at which the permanent Commissioner is not present the Commissioners present shall elect a Chairman before proceeding to business, and every such Chairman shall have a second or casting vote in case of an equality of votes.

(4.) Any rules or regulations framed by the Commissioners (in pursuance of the first and tpnth clauses of the said Feu Charter) for the general management of the piers, quays, harbour works, and harbour vested in them, shall be deemed to be byelaws within the meaning of this Order and of any Act incorporated therewith.

3. The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, (except sections sixteen to thirty-five, both inclusive, and sections forty, forty-two, forty-three, forty-six, fifty-four, eighty-six, and eighty-seven,) are hereby incorporated with this Order, and shall, as far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, apply to the Commissioners collectively and severally.

4. The Commissioners shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

5. The limits of the harbour of Stornoway within which the Commissioners shall have authority (which shall be deemed the limits to which this Order, and the powers to exact rates in virtue thereof, extend,) shall extend to and include the bay of Stornoway to the north of an imaginary straight line drawn from Holm Point on the east side to Arnish Point on the west side of the bay of Stornoway, as laid down on the Admiralty chart of the said harbour by Commander Otter of the Royal Navy: Provided always as follows: —

(1.) The foreshore or shore and sea and bed of the bay on the east side thereof, whereon a patent slip has been erected by the said Sir James Matheson for the accommodation of shipping, and a portion of the foreshore or shore on each side of the said slip and of the sea and sea bed seawards thereof sufficient for the due and efficient working and use of the said slip, shall be excepted from and shall be held not to be included in the said harbour, and no vessels using the said slip shall in respect of such use be subject or liable to pay any rates under this Order.

(2.) The extension by this Order of the limits of the said harbour for rating purposes beyond the foreshores or shores which have been heretofore expressly conveyed to the Commissioners, or which may hereafter under this Order be acquired by them, shall in no respect give them authority or power, except with the consent of the said Sir James Matheson, or of the Superior of the burgh of Stornoway for the time, to appropriate the foreshores or shores of the bay of Stornoway

heretofore

Incorporation of Commissioners.

Modifications of provisions of Charter.

Incorporation of parts of 10 & 11 Vict c. 16.

Undertakers.

Limits of harbour.

Power to take lands by agreement

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to execute works.

Description of works.

Power to levy rates according to Schedule.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Exemption of Customs officers.

Cesser of rates in certain case.

Application of rates and income.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

heretofore not conveyed to them, or any part thereof, or confer upon them any rights to, over, or upon the same; neither shall the definition hereby of the limits within which this Order shall take effect in any respect derogate from any right possessed by the said Sir James Matheson or by his successors, as proprietors of the barony of the Lews, including the burgh of barony of Stornoway, and of the foreshores or shores of the bay of Stornoway, from appropriating and using the same in such a manner as by law was competent for him to do before this Order was made.

6. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order, the Commissioners may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown upon the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

7. The Lands Clauses Consolidation (Scotland) Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchasing and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order, but nothing in this Order shall authorize the Commissioners to take lands for the purposes of this Order exceeding in extent in the whole five acres.

8. Subject to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits shown on the deposited plans and sections, execute and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

9. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

(1.) A timber wharf, of one hundred and fifty feet or thereabouts in length, in front of the present steamboat quay near the Old Castle, and a quay wall of masonry, extending northwards from the said timber wharf for a distance of three hundred and fifty feet or thereabouts, and joining the quay called the Big Quay at a point seventy feet or thereabouts seaward of high-water mark;

(2.) The filling up and making available for curing ground or other purposes of the space between the said quay wall and high-water mark; and

(3.) All such other works, buildings, sheds, warehouses, wharfs, jetties, works, and conveniences as may from time to time be necessary for the improvement of the harbour, or the accommodation of the shipping resorting thereto; but the erection of all sheds, warehouses, storehouses, or other structures upon the quays, piers, or wharves now belonging or which may hereafter belong to or be acquired by the Commissioners shall be subject to the whole conditions and provisions having reference thereto contained in the said Feu Charter.

10. Subject and according to the provisions of this Order, the Commissioners may demand, levy, and recover in respect of vessels, goods, fish, animals, and things described in the Second Schedule to this Order any sums not exceeding the several rates therein specified.

11. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which for the time being treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the harbour of Stornoway, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

12. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress on, into, along, through, and out of the wharf, harbour, and works by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

13. If at any time the said Feu Charter, from any cause whatever, becomes void, or is set aside, reduced, or invalidated, as to the whole thereof, or as to any part thereof containing a disposition of property in favour of the Commissioners, the right to levy rates under this Order shall, ipso facto, absolutely cease.

14. The Commissioners shall apply all money received by them from the rates, tolls, and dues authorized by this Order, and all other income coming into their hands in respect of the works authorized by this Order, or from the lands or property connected therewith, or otherwise belonging to them, for the purposes and in the order following, and not otherwise: —

(1.) In paying the costs of and connected with the preparation and making of this Order;

(2.) In

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

355

(2.) In paying the feu duties and rents payable in respect of the lands and property belonging to the Commissioners, and the expenses of the making, maintenance, management, and regulation of the existing harbour, and of the new works, and the lands and property connected therewith:

(3.) In paying the interest of any money borrowed under this Order, and any sum payable on account of the principal thereof:

(4.) As to the surplus revenue of the harbour, if any, after providing for the purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applied in creating a sinking fund in manner, and, in so far as the nature and circumstances of the case will admit, in the proportion specified by The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847.

15. The Commissioners may from time to time borrow and re-borrow at interest such Puerto money as may be required for the purposes of this Order, not exceeding in the whole the borrow, sum of ten thousand pounds, on the security of the works authorized by this Order, and of the lands and property connected therewith, and of the rates and dues authorized by this Order, or of any of those particulars, or of any other the property of the Commissioners; or they may accept and take from any bank or banking company credit to such amount as they deem expedient, not exceeding in the whole the said sum of ten thousand pounds, on a cash account to be opened and kept in the name of the Commissioners, according to the usage of bankers in Scotland; and they may assign the rates and dues hereby authorized, the works authorized by this Order, and the lands and property connected therewith, and any other lands or property belonging to them, in security of the repayment of the sum or sums so borrowed, or of the amount of such credit, or of the sums advanced from time to time on such cash account, with interest thereon respectively, by dispositions and assignations under their common seal, and signed by three of their members, which dispositions and assignations, and all transfers thereof, may be in the form as near as may be in the Schedule (B.) to The Burgh Harbours (Scotland) Act, 1853, annexed, and shall be recorded in the General Register of Sasines or in the Particular Register of Sasines for the counties of Inverness, Ross, &c., and have preference according to the priority of their registration therein, except in so far as a pari passu preference may by the dispositions and assignations have been established among all or some of them, as being assignations of parts of one capital sum, which the Commissioners may by a resolution of a specified date have determined to borrow in parts.

16. Every part of the money borrowed under this Order shall be applied only for the Money to be

purposes authorized by this Order. applied to pur-

r r J # poses of Order.

17. If within two months after the interest on any mortgages granted by the Com- Arrears of missioners has become due, or after the period prescribed for the payment of the principal interest, 4c. sums in such mortgages has expired, such interest or principal (as the case may be) shall not be paid, the holders of such mortgages may, without prejudice to any rights, remedies, ment ofa or security otherwise competent to or held by them, require the appointment of a judicial judicial fector. factor, by an application to be made as herein-after provided.

18. Every application for a judicial factor under the provisions of this Order shall be Appointment made to the Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute of the county of Ross. On any such application of a judicial the said Sheriff or Sheriff Substitute may, by order in writing, after hearing the parties, factor* appoint some person to receive the whole or a competent part of the harbour rates hereby authorized, or other the revenue of the Commissioners, until all the arrears of interest or of principal, as the case may be, then due on the outstanding mortgages, together with all costs, including the charges of receiving the said rates, be fully paid. Upon such appointment being

made, all such rates as aforesaid shall be paid to and received by the person so appointed, and the money so received shall be so much money received by or to the use of the mortgagees, and so soon as the full amount of any interest or principal in arrear, and costs, has been so received, the power of such judicial factor shall cease: Provided always, that such judicial factor shall distribute among all the mortgagees to whom interest or principal shall be in arrear the rates and other monies which shall so come into his hands, having respect in such distribution to the priorities if any, of such mortgagees.

19. The amount to authorize the application for appointment of a judicial factor shall be Amount to

one thousand pounds in one or more mortgages. authorize

20. The application.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

20. The following provisions of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act 1847, shall not be incorporated with this Order, namely, sections sixteen to nineteen, both inclusive, and sections twenty-five and twenty-six; and this Order shall be deemed " the special Act" within the meaning of the last-mentioned Act.

21. Any byelaws made under this Order and The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not come into operation until allowed by the Board of Trade, which allowance shall be sufficient as confirmation thereof for all purposes; and it shall not be lawful

of ^or *he harbour master, by virtue of section 52 of that Act, or of any other authority, or for the Commissioners, to give or cause to be given any direction respecting any matter mentioned in that section, or provided for in the byelaws, further or otherwise than as he or they may be expressly authorized by the byelaws to do so.

22. The Commissioners shall have the appointment of meters and weighers within the harbour.

23. The Commissioners may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, ballast lighters, rubbish lighters, and other machinery and vessels as they think necessary for the purposes of the harbour, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

24. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the Harbour of Stornoway.

25. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and of the enactments therewith incorporated, the Commissioners shall have all the powers and authorities conferred by and shall be subject to and bound by all the restrictions and stipulations contained in the said Feu Charter; and all property thereby expressed to be disposed to the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission is hereby vested in the Commissioners, subject as aforesaid, and to the provisions of the said Feu Charter, as far as the same are not inconsistent with this Order.

26. Nothing in this Order, or in any of the Acts therewith incorporated, shall authorize the Commissioners to take, use, or in any manner interfere with any land, soil, shores, foreshores, tenements, or hereditaments, or any rights of whatever nature, belonging to or enjoyed or exerciseable by the said Sir James Matheson, Baronet, or to or by the heritable proprietor of the barony of the Lews and of the shores of the bay of Stornoway, or his successors or assigns, without his or their consent in writing, further or otherwise than is expressed and contained in the said Feu Charter; and, save as in this Order expressly provided, nothing in this Order shall divest, take away, prejudice, diminish, or alter any right, privilege, power, or authority vested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by the said Sir James Matheson or such proprietor as aforesaid, or his successors or assigns.

27. Nothing in this Order shall confer on or confirm to the said Sir James Matheson, his heirs, executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, any estate, right, title, or interest in or to any property or thing, or affect the estate, right, title, or interest (if any) of any person claiming any property adversely to him or them.

28. This Order may be cited as The Stornoway Harbour Order, 1865.

Exclusion of portions of Harbours, Bocks, and Piers Clauses Act.

Confirmation of byelaws and provision for

Meters and weighers.

Steam vessels, lighters, &c.

Harbours and Passing Tolls Act

Application of Charter.

Saving rights of Sir James Matheson, Bart.

Saving for rights of third parties.

[Short title.]

The First Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

Know all Men by these presents, that I, Sir James Matheson, of Achany and the Lews, Baronet, Member of Parliament for the combined counties of Ross and Cromarty, heritable proprietor of the barony of the Lews, including the burgh of barony of Stornoway and of the shores of the bay of Stornoway:

Considering that whereas there is a pier or quay at Stornoway, called the Old Pier or Big Quay, belonging to me, which was in or about the year eighteen hundred and seventeen rebuilt by subscription, and that the feuars of Stornoway are desirous to have an influential voice in the management of the said Old Pier or Big Quay, and in the application of the dues collected thereat:

And whereas I am willing, not only to meet their wishes in these respects, by having the property and management of the said Old Pier or Big Quay effectually vested in a commission, to be to a large extent chosen by the municipal authorities of the burgh of Stornoway, or the feuars or parliamentary electors within the said burgh, in the way and manner after mentioned, which has been approved by a committee of the said feuars, but

357

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

also, and to the satisfaction and with the approval of the said committee, further, with the view of and for the purpose of conferring on the said commission the means of improving and extending the harbour accommodation generally, to vest in the said commission, in additjpn to the said Old Pier or Big Quay, a portion of ground and shore at the east side of the said Old Pier or Big Quay and contiguous thereto, and also a large portion of ground and shore contiguous to the south side of the said Old Pier or Big Quay, and extending southward therefrom to and including the Old Castle, Steamers Quay, booking office, and storehouse:

Therefore and in consideration of the feu duties for the ground, and of the annual sum, herein-after termed an additional feu duty, as restricted interest on a sum of eight hundred and fifty pounds sterling, or thereby, expended by me on the Steamers Quay and others herein-after conveyed, and which last-mentioned annual sum of additional feu duty is to be redeemable as after declared at sixteen and two thirds of a year's purchase —

Wit ye me to have sold, alienated, and in feu farm disponed, as I by these presents sell, alienate, and in feu farm dispone, from me, my heirs and successors, to and in favour (First) of myself and of Donald Munro, my chamberlain (as chamberlain, but while and so long as he holds that office only, and who shall only be competent to act as a commissioner in my absence), (Second) to and in favour of Kenneth Smith, feuar and merchant, Norman McIver, feuar and shipowner, and John Morrison, feuar and merchant, all residing in Stornoway, three commissioners elected by the commissioners in Stornoway acting under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, (Third) to and in favour of Donald Mackenzie and Daniel McAlister, both feuars and shipowners in Stornoway, two commissioners nominated and appointed by me, and (Fourth) to and in favour of Kenneth Mackenzie, householder and bank agent, residing in Stornoway, the commissioner appointed by the Sheriff of the county under the power to that effect conferred by me (with concurrence of the said committee) upon him, being the seven persons who are to constitute for the current year the commission for managing the piers, quays, and harbour of Stornoway as after mentioned, and to be hereafter called "The Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, '* and to my successors, Superiors of the said burgh for the time, and to the chamberlain or factor of the Superior for the time (but only to act in absence of the Superior), and to the successors of the said several other persons before named to be appointed or to become members of said commission hereafter, and to the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission itself, with perpetual succession, so soon as the said commission shall be incorporated:

First. — All and whole the .vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground at Stornoway lying to the east of the said pier or Big Quay, and between the same and the pier to the east of said ground, and opposite to the northern portion of the feu on the south side of North Beach Street that belonged to the late Daniel Lewis Mackenzie, and northwards as far as in a line with the northern boundary or face of the said Old Pier or Big Quay, so that the pier or quay to be formed or lately formed by filling up said vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground will adjoin or does now adjoin the said pier, and will be or now is in a line with said northern boundary or face of said Old Pier or Big Quay, and which vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground is bounded as follows, viz .: On the west by the said Old Pier or Big Quay, along which it extends ninety-seven feet, measuring from the north-east corner of said Old Pier or Big Quay southwards to a point in North Beach Street fifty-one feet distant in a straight line drawn in a westerly direction from the east front of the house belonging to me next adjoining the said Old Pier or Big Quay, and presently occupied as a hotel and stores, and forty-three feet six inches distant in a straight line drawn southwards from the north boundary of the said feu on the south side of North Beach Street that belonged to the late Daniel Lewis Mackenzie; on the south by a straight line extending eastwards from the point last-mentioned fifty feet six inches to a point forty feet six inches distant from the northern boundary of the said feu on the south side of North Beach Street; on the east to the extent of seventy-three feet by the said pier opposite to the eastern portion of the said feu on the south side of North Beach Street, and to the extent of twenty-seven feet farther north by the shore ground belonging to me, but upon which there is to be or has been built a prolongation of said pier last mentioned, so that the said vacant or lately vacant space or 28 & 29 Vict. Z z piece

358

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

piece of ground hereby disponed will ultimately be or now is wholly bounded on the east by the pier last mentioned, as the same is to be or now is extended, and on the north by the shore ground belonging to me.

Second. — All and whole the pier and quay at Stornoway called the Old Pier or Big Quay lying immediately to the west of the vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground last above described and above disponed, and north of the house and stores belonging to me next adjoining the said Old Pier or Big Quay, measuring on the east eighty-six feet along the said vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground, on the south fifty-one feet from the said vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground to the north-east corner of the said house and stores belonging to me next adjoining the said Old Pier or Big Quay, and eighty-eight feet along the north wall of the foresaid house and stores, and from the north-west corner of said house and stores eighty-five feet westwards or seawards, and on the west and north by the sea.

Third. — All and whole the ground and shore at Stornoway to the south of the said Old Pier or Big Quay, and extending therefrom southwards, and lying to the west of a double straight line delineated in red ink, and extending from the point marked A upon a plan of the said subjects appended, and signed by me as relative hereto, and extending to the point marked B on said plan in a line with the front or south wall of the property belonging to me called Tolmies store and yard and forty feet distant from the south-west corner of said subjects, thence in a straight line in a south-easterly direction to a point marked C on said plan forty feet distant from the point marked B, and thence in a direction a little more easterly to a point marked D on said plan forty-one feet distant from the point marked C, where the present building used as a steamer's store and booking office adjoin the landing slip, thence in a straight line nearly south to a point one hundred and eighty-eight feet distant from the point D marked E on said plan, and from the said point E, the shore and ground hereby conveyed is bounded on the south by a straight line to the point eighty feet distant marked F on said plan, and on the west from the said point F by a straight line in a line with the west face of the present steamer's quay, and one hundred and forty-five feet distant therefrom to a point marked G on said plan with the foreshore or solum seawards, or to the west of the present steamer's quay and line marked B, C, and A, and which ground includes the Old Castle, Steamers Quay, and storehouse, and booking office.

All the said three subjects lying within the town, burgh, and parish of Stornoway, barony of the Lews and county of Ross; declaring that the said three subjects above disponed are so disponed, and that the foresaid descriptions thereof respectively are to be read and construed with reference to the delineation thereof shown by the double line in red ink on the plan of that part of Stornoway before mentioned hereto subjoined and signed by me as relative hereto, and no otherwise, with all right possessed by me to embank and appropriate the same for harbour purposes, and to levy and exact harbour dues and rates at the said piers and quays, and at all other piers and quays formed or to be formed, and to become vested in the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, in virtue of these presents, or of the powers to acquire further therein contained, with all my right, title, and interest thereto and therein, present and future, direct and contingent; excepting and reserving always for the purpose of being used for proper access, and roadways or streets to be kept up, and maintained and managed as such in the same way as other roads and streets within Burgh, the spaces specially described in the fourth condition of these presents herein-after written; and further reserving to me and to Thomas Reid, feuar in Stornoway, and to our respective successors after written, special right of access as in said condition expressed; as also excepting always from the said subjects all mines of gold and silver in terms of the exception in my crown grant of the Barony of the Lews; and hereby expressly declaring that the several subjects above described are disponed for the purposes, and with the powers, and under and subject to the whole conditions, provisions, declarations, and obligations herein-after written, ail and every one whereof my disponees before named forming the present Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission by acceptance hereof, for themselves and their successors, forming the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission for the time, and the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission itself in all time to come, shall, by acceptance hereof, be expressly held as a Commission to have adopted, and become bound as a Commission

359

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

mission to fulfil in every particular, and which purposes, conditions, powers, provisions, declarations, and obligations are as follows: —

First. — The said subjects shall be held by my said disponees as the persons constituting for the current year a commission or board to be called "The Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission," as after provided, and by their successors appointed as after mentioned forming the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission for the time, for the purposes of managing the said piers, quays, and harbour now existing, and all extensions or enlargements that may be made by them on the subjects hereby conveyed, or any other piers and quays that they may acquire in virtue of the powers herein-after conferred, and for the purposes of improving and extending the accommodation for trading, shipping, and fisheries, and with power to levy such dues thereat as they may legally be entitled or may be authorized to exact, and with power to appoint committees of their own number, and to appoint clerks, collectors, harbour masters, pier keepers, and all other officers necessary for the proper management of the said piers, quays, and harbour, and to make and enforce all such rules and regulations for the management of said piers, quays, and harbour, and the use thereof as they may be legally entitled, or may be authorized to make and enforce, and with full power, if they so think fit, to take all steps under the existing or any future General Pier and Harbour Acts for enabling them to take the advantage thereof in all respects, and with power, if they find it necessary, to apply for a special Act of Parliament for the better management and improvement of the said piers, quays, and harbour; provided always, that in the latter event the said Act shall be applied for with my consent, or with the consent of the Superior for the time, and that such special Act shall be carried through by my agent, or the agent of the Superior for the time, all parties interested getting an opportunity of being heard for their interests in the usual manner; and generally with power to do all and whatsoever I could have legally done had I not granted these presents, except in so far as their powers are qualified or limited by the terms hereof.

Second. — The parties before named, other than myself and my chamberlain, shall hold office until the first Tuesday of the month of May eighteen hundred and sixty-five, that is, they shall cease to hold office at the end of the first Monday of May, and their successors appointed in their place shall enter on office upon the first Tuesday of May eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and in like manner the Commissioners named and appointed in their place shall hold office for one year from the said first Tuesday of the month of May in the year of their appointment to the end of the first Monday in the same month in the following year, and so forth in all time to come, that is, the said six Commissioners to be appointed annually shall hold office for one year and no longer, it being nevertheless hereby declared that any or all of such Commissioners may be annually re-elected or re-appointed as* often as the parties entitled to elect them may think fit.

Third. — The said Commission shall in all time to come consist and be composed of seven acting members, videlicet: —

(First.) Of the Superior of the burgh of Stornoway and his chamberlain for the time, the one in the absence of the other, declaring that the Superior for the time and his chamberlain shall be permanent Commissioners, but the one only to be capable of acting in the absence of the other; and the Superior of Stornoway, or his chamberlain for the time, shall, when present, be chairman of the Commission, with an original or individual and also, in case of an equality of votes, with a casting vote.

(Second.) Of three Commissioners to be annually chosen at some time during the month of April by the Commissioners in Stornoway, acting under the General Police and Improvement (Scotland) Act eighteen hundred and sixty-two, or other general or local Act under which municipal elections shall from time to time fall to be made, and shall be made from among the said Municipal Commissioners themselves, the three members to be chosen being always feuars within said burgh, and each of them owners of property therein of ten pounds or upwards of annual value (as evidenced by the valuation roll of the

360

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

county or for the district of the Lews for the time), and resident in or near Stornoway; and in case there shall not at any time exist such statutory Commissioners for municipal purposes, then the said three members of the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall be chosen by the persons within the burgh of Stornoway entitled to vote in the election of members of Parliament (as evidenced by the roll of parliamentary electors for the time), such three Commissioners so elected being always feuars, and each of them owners of property within the burgh of Stornoway of the annual value of ten pounds or upwards (to be evidenced as aforesaid), and resident in or near Stornoway, and this at a meeting of the parliamentary electors within the burgh of Stornoway to be called by the Chairman of the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, or in his absence by any three members of said Commission, by a printed or written notice to be posted in at least six public places in the town of Stornoway fourteen days previous to the day of election, or on such notice as may be prescribed by any byelaws or rules to be framed by the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission for regulating the calling of such meetings with the view to the election of members, full power to make such byelaws and regulations being hereby specially conferred on the said Commission.

(Third.) Of two Commissioners to be annually nominated on or before the first Monday of the month of May by me or the Superior of Stornoway for the time from among the resident feuars within the burgh each being an owner

of property therein of the annual value of ten pounds or upwards (to be

evidenced as aforesaid) or qualified to vote in the election for members of

Parliament (to be evidenced as aforesaid).

(Fourth.) Of one Commissioner to be annually nominated by the sheriff of the county for the time from among the feuars, owners of property within the said burgh of the annual value of ten pounds or upwards (to be evidenced as aforesaid), or from among persons within the said burgh qualified to vote for members of Parliament (to be evidenced as aforesaid), or from among the householders of the said burgh occupying houses of the value of ten pounds or upwards (to be evidenced as aforesaid).

Fourth. — The said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall be bound, in case the site of the Old Castle included in the subjects third above disponed shall be built over, but

if I or my foresaids so require only, to denote the central part of said Old Castle as now existing by preserving a proper and marked portion of the same, or in my option by a proper pillar or designating mark being placed so as to denote the site of such central part, and, subject to the approval of me and my successors, the said site may be further denoted by a flagstaff or signal post placed on the portion preserved, or on the pillar or designating mark substituted therefor; and the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall be bound to leave at all times between the portion of the Old Pier or Big Quay above disponed to be occupied for proper pier or quay purposes or for curing ground and the houses or buildings belonging to me ex adverso a sufficient space of not less than twenty-five feet for the free and convenient access of the public and others requiring and using such access; and when the proposed extension of pier or quay and new steamers quay is formed there shall be at all times left by the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission between the portion of such extended pier or quay to be used for proper pier or quay purposes, or for curing purposes or curing ground, and the houses and yards presently belonging to me and the said Thomas Reid ex adverso of said extended pier or quay, a free space next adjacent to the said houses on the west of not less than twenty-five feet in breadth, measuring from the north-west corner of the house and stores belonging to me next adjoining the aforesaid Old Pier or Big Quay to the south-west corner of the property belonging to the said Thomas Reid, and from this last-mentioned eouth-west corner of Thomas Reid's property a free space of not less than twenty-five feet to the west of the same straight line prolonged southwards to the point marked B. on said plan in a line with the front or south wall of the property belonging to me called Tolmies store and yard, and forty feet distant from the south-west corner of said property, all for the purpose of affording free and convenient

access

361

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

access and roadway or street for the use of the public and others to and from the piers and quays erected and to be erected as aforesaid; declaring that the right to use the said spaces for roadways or streets is hereby reserved as fully and completely as if the solum thereof had not, with reference to the better carrying out of the objects of these presents, been conveyed by me to the said Harbour Commission, and that the said spaces are not to be held, either as regards surface or solum, any part of the subjects for which feu duty is payable by the said Harbour and Pier Commission; reserving always to me and the said Thomas Reid and our respective successors, and our and their tenants occupying the aforesaid houses and yards ex adverso of the said extended pier or quay, a free space and convenient access to and from the said houses and yards, and the sea front of said extended pier or quay, but without prejudice to the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission to exact and levy from me and the said Thomas Reid and our respective successors, and our and their tenants in the said houses and yards using the said pier erected or to be erected on the said vacant or lately vacant space to the east of the Old Pier or Big Quay, the said Old Pier or Big Quay and the Steamers Quay, and also the piers or quays to be formed ex adverso on the west of their said properties in Esplanade Row, when but not until such last-mentioned piers or quays are formed, such dues for the use thereof as they may legally exact and levy from others using the same.

Fifth. — It is hereby provided and declared that the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall not, and, by acceptance of these presents, they bind and oblige themselves that they shall not, erect or form upon the piers or quays hereby disponed, or on the piers or quays to be formed on the portions of ground and shores hereby disponed, or on the piers or quays to be afterwards acquired or to be formed on ground to be afterwards acquired by the said Commission, any sheds, storehouses, or other erections whatever, whether of a temporary or permanent nature, and whether of stone or of brick, iron, or wood or other material, nor to project any stages, gangways, or platforms from said piers or quays into the sea in any direction, except with the express consent in writing of me or the Superior for the time, and subject to such conditions as to removal or otherwise as I or the Superior for the time may see fit to impose in the event of our giving such consents as conditions thereof: And it is hereby further provided, and the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, by acceptance hereof, expressly consent' and agree, that in case the said Commission shall, in breach of their aforesaid undertaking, make erections of any sort on the piers or quays hereby disponed, or those to be formed by them on the ground or shore hereby ceded, or piers or quays to be afterwards acquired or to be formed on ground to be afterwards acquired, or shall project stages, gangways, or platforms therefrom into the sea, without the written consent of me or of the Superior for the time, or in case of any failure on their part to observe or fulfil any conditions subject to which consent to make erections may have been given by me or the Superior for the time, then and in any of these cases it shall be lawful to me or the Superior for the, time, at our own hands and without any proceeding at law or judicial warrant, to remove all such erections, whether the same be of a permanent or temporary character, and whether of wood or any more enduring material, and all stages, gangways, or platforms projected from the said piers or quays into the sea; and the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, by acceptance hereof, oblige themselves to pay to me or to the Superior for the time the costs incurred by us in obtaining the removal of all erections made by them without written consent, or maintained contrary to the conditions on which such consent may have been given, including the cost of any judicial proceedings that may be resorted to by me or the Superior for the time in order to obtain such removal should we see fit, ob majorem cautelam, to adopt such.

Sixth. — When the proposed extension and improvement at the Steamers Pier and Old Castle are effected, the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall, as soon thereafter as they conveniently can, remove the present storehouse at the Steamers Quay, and shall thereupon be bound to erect a new storehouse in a position suited to the altered circumstances of the quay; and the position, character, and elevation of such new store or warehouse to be erected as aforesaid shall always be subject to my approval or to the approval of the Superior for the time. And there shall be reserved and set apart, for the free use of myself and the Superior for the time, in the storehouse or warehouse to be erected instead of the existing storehouse at the Steamers Quay, an apartment of not less than

362

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

than twenty feet in length and twelve feet in breadth, of which and the Superior for the time shall have exclusive possession, and be entitled to keep at all times locked, and in the meantime I retain right to take the free use of the existing storehouse in so far as necessary for my proper accommodation.

Seventh. — Providing and declaring as it is hereby provided and declared that these presents are granted with and under the burden of the current agreement between the Messrs, Hutcheson & Co., Glasgow, and me (which the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall be bound to recognize and give effect to), by which they are secured the use, as for one year from the term of Whitsunday eighteen hundred and sixty-three, of the said store at the Steamers Quay, and a preferable right to the use and accommodation of that quay for their steam-boats, and the loading and unloading with all proper use of the adjuncts and free access thereto; as also the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission become bound by acceptance thereof that aye and until proper and better accommodation for steam-boat traffic is substituted for the present, and capable of being used in place thereof, the Messrs. Hutcheson shall have a preferable right to be afforded the accommodation they presently enjoy upon fair and reasonable terms, and in case of difference of opinion the payments to be made by them for such interim accommodation being to be determined by me.

Eighth. — In the event of failure in any year of me or of the Superior for the time, or of the Municipal Commissioners or parliamentary electors, or of the Sheriff, to nominate Commissioners or a Commissioner, or in the event of any member of the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission dying, resigning, or becoming disqualified, or incapable of acting, or refusing to act, the other members of the said Commission shall have power to name one or more Commissioners to fill such vacancies for the year; and three members of the said Commission shall be a quorum, and the acts of such quorum shall always be valid and effectual.

Ninth. — The Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall meet annually on the first Tuesday of May, and shall have power to adjourn their meetings from time to time as they may think fit, due notice of such adjournments being always given by the clerk to all members not present at the meetings at which the adjournments are made; and the Superior or chamberlain as chairman shall be entitled to call a meeting of the Commissioners whenever they may deem it necessary, and shall at all times be bound, on a requisition to that effect signed by two members of the Commission, to convene meetings of the Commission; and in case of the refusal of the chairman to call a meeting when so required, or in case of the absence from the island of the Superior and chamberlain, a meeting may be called by any three members of the Commission on a notice of fourteen days, such notice always setting forth the objeot of and business requiring to be transacted at such meeting.

Tenth. — At the first meeting, or at any subsequent meeting or meetings as may be found convenient, the said Commission shall frame rules and regulations for the conduct of the business of the Commission and general management of the piers, quays, harbour works, and harbour vested in them, in so far consistent with the several Pier and Harbour Statutes; and in case of any difference of opinion in regard thereto, the same shall be referred to two law agents in Edinburgh, the one to be named by the Superior, and the other to be named by members differing in the opinion from him.

Eleventh. — The said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall keep a full and distinct register of their proceedings, and distinct accounts of all revenue received by them for and in respect of the use of the piers, quays, harbours, warehouses, and grounds hereby transferred to them, or which may be hereafter acquired by them, and for and in respect of any erections to be hereafter made by them on the ground and shore above conveyed, and of any erections and any ground hereafter acquired by them as in extension of pier and harbour accommodation, and to that end, and without prejudice to the general power before given to them, and obligation by these presents placed on them, to appoint all officers necessary for properly carrying out the objects of the Commission; the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall be bound at their first meeting, or, if then not convenient, at a meeting to be held not later than three months thereafter, to appoint a competent person to be clerk, and the same or other competent person may be treasurer and collector to the Commission with suitable remuneration; and it is hereby (without

prejudice

363

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 70.

prejudice to the power of the said Commission to confer on the said officials other duties and more exactly to define their duties) declared that it shall be the duty of the clerk to attend all meetings of Commission and of committees of Commission, and to take and frame proper minutes of the proceedings at such meetings, and, if required, to frame reports of committees, and, when the same have been confirmed, to engross them in a register to be kept of the minutes and proceedings of the Commission, as also to record in the said register all other writings necessary or calculated fully and distinctly to show and preserve evidence of the whole actings and transactions of the Commission; and it shall be the duty of the clerk to conduct the correspondence of the Commission, and duly to file and preserve all letters received on the business of the Commission, and duly to record in letter books to be kept for that purpose all letters written by him on the business of the Commission, alike those written under the direct authority of the Commissioners as letters written by him in the ordinary conduct of its business, and which letter books shall for ease of reference be duly indexed by the clerk; and it shall be the duty of the treasurer to keep an exact account of all sums in the shape of revenue received by him on behalf of the Commission, and to pay the whole thereof from time to time into a bank account to be kept in the name of the Commission to be termed " Revenue Account," and to be operated upon by cheques signed by the chairman and treasurer under authority therefor to be given by the Commission, and an exact account of all payments made by him on behalf of the Commission, and as out of the revenue bank account, and which payments shall not be made by him out of revenue directly received, but from money to be from time to time specially drawn from the said bank account by the Commission, and placed in his hands for the purpose of such payments; and the treasurer shall in like manner keep an account of all moneys received by him as from loans or otherwise towards the extension and improvement of the pier, quay, and harbour accommodation, which shall be paid wholly into a separate bank account, to be kept in name of the Commission, to be termed 99 Improvement Account," and to be operated upon as in the case of the other account, and he shall keep a distinct account of all payments made by him out of said moneys to be drawn and placed in his hands for that purpose, and the treasurer shall at the first meeting of Commission that may be held not sooner than one month after the term of Martinmas yearly, make and exhibit to the Commission a distinct account of revenue or income and expenditure thereout for the year terminating at such term, and showing the sources from which the various items of revenue are derived, and the several objects to which the expenditure thereout has been applied, and the excess of the one over the other, and in like manner he shall at the same time make out and exhibit along with the said account of revenue another account of loans (if any such have been received), showing the amounts and from whence derived, and the several objects for which any payments thereout have been made, and which several accounts the Commission shall themselves or by others examine, and on being satisfied that the same are in all respects correctly stated and duly vouched, they shall docquet the same as accurate and approved, and they shall be engrossed by the clerk in the register of proceedings before directed to be kept by the clerk to the commission as aforesaid; declaring however hereby that although separate bank accounts as for revenue and as for loans for improvements are to be kept, yet it is not therefore meant that the said Commission shall not have full power to apply money derived from revenue to the improvement and extension of the pier, quay, and harbour accommodation, but the said Commission shall on the contrary have full power to draw out of the revenue account and pay into the improvement account, to be employed towards improvements and extension of the pier, quay, and harbour accommodation, such sums as from time to time the said Commission may think right, and to apply the same accordingly.

Twelfth. — The Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall, in so far as not already done, immediately fill up and form into a pier or quay, according to a plan to be approved by them or by the provisional committee after mentioned, the vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground between the Old Pier or Big Quay and the pier opposite to^ the eastern portion of the feu on the south side of North Beach Street that belonged to the late Daniel Lewis Mackenzie, being the piece of shore ground first above conveyed, the cost of such operations being, in so far as not falling to be borne by others, defrayed out of the fund after mentioned.

Thirteenth.

364

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

Thirteenth. — The Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall, with as little delay as may be, take the necessary steps under the several Pier and Harbour Statutes, or otherwise in their discretion, for incorporating the said Commission, and for obtaining power to enable them to levy such dues and rates as may be necessary for executing such works as may be deemed expedient, and generally to obtain themselves as an incorporated body, vested with such powers as may be proper to enable them to improve and extend the pier, quay, and harbour accommodation at Stornoway, by obtaining the consent of the Board of Trade or other competent authority to extend the same seaward over the shore between the Old Pier or Big Quay and the Old Castle, including therein the present pier called the Steamers Pier with the view and for the purpose and to the effect of providing enlarged space for the accommodation of shipping, traders, fish curers, and fishermen, and also proper and permanent pier, quay, and harbour accommodation for steam vessels, and also for raising funds for the purposes agreed on by means of loans from the Public Works Commissioners, or otherwise, hereby declaring that I or the Superior for the time shall be bound, upon the said Commission becoming incorporated, to grant all or any deeds deemed necessary for fully and completely vesting the Commission as a corporation in the subjects hereby disponed, but in conformity always with these presents and my rights under the same.

Fourteenth. — Providing and declaring, as it is hereby expressly provided and declared, that in case the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall not have raised or at least secured the obtaining of the funds (not less than two thousand five hundred pounds sterling) necessary to enable them to provide better accommodation within the space of three years from their first meeting, then and in that case the subjects first and third above conveyed shall (in my option to be declared in a writing to be addressed to the said Commission, and delivered at the usual place of meeting of the said Commission to the said Commission or to their clerk,) revert to me and my heirs and successors, and shall, from the expiry of that period, cease to belong to the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, and this present deed, in so far as regards the subjects first and third above conveyed, and all relative conditions, shall become void, and the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission shall be bound to grant to me a reconveyance of the said subjects, and a discharge of all claims any way competent to them in relation thereto under these presents, and I shall be entitled, failing their so doing, to pursue declarators of extinction of rights, denuding, &c., or other apt action before the Court of Session, in which it shall be sufficient to call the persons appointed members of said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission last before the date of raising said action for establishing my right to the said subjects, and denuding the said Commission thereof, with conclusions for having the said subjects disburdened of all claim at the instance of the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, and for the recording of the decree to be pronounced in the register of 8a8ine8 as for my reinvestiture in the said subjects and for publication in case I or the Superior for the time may prefer that course to compelling the said Commission by action to reconvey; and such decree, when recorded in the register of sasines, shall have all the effect of a recorded conveyance of the subjects first and third above disponed, and form a complete reinvestiture of the Superior therein, and a full discharge thereof from all and every claim at the instance of the said Commissioners, who shall, from the date of any reconveyance by them or decree obtained by the Superior under this provision, be freed and relieved of the feu duties of fifteen shillings and ten pounds and additional feu duty of thirty pounds hereby stipulated to be paid for the said subjects first and third above disponed respectively; excepting always any arrears for former years and the proportions for the period between the date of reconveyance or the decree and the term of Whitsunday preceding, all which shall remain entire to the Superior, and capable of exaction by him from the said Commission.

Fifteenth. — The amount of rents and dues formerly collected at and for the Old Pier or Big Quay, presently deposited in the National Bank of Scotland at Stornoway, and amounting, as at twenty-third February eighteen hundred and sixty-three, to the sum of two hundred and fifty-nine pounds nine shillings and fivepence, besides interest at the rates allowed by the bank from the first day of November eighteen hundred and sixty-two, with the bank interest that shall have since accrued thereon, shall be transferred to the name of the

365

28° & 29° VICTORIA, c. 76.

the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, and shall be at their disposal for the objects of the Commission, and the bank account therefor shall be operated on by cheques signed by the Superior or chamberlain as chairman of the Commission, and by the person appointed and acting as clerk or treasurer of said Commission under and in terms of authority by the said Commission from time to time given to sign such cheques; and the sum now in bank as aforesaid shall be primarily applied to defraying the costs on both sides of taking out of court an action of declarator, at my instance presently pending in the Court of Session, against the said Kenneth Smith and certain other parties at Stornoway, and extracting the decree therein, and the costs on both sides of these presents, and of recording the same, and thereby or otherwise duly vesting my disponees in the said subjects; and in the second place in defraying the cost of filling up the vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground between the Old Pier or Big Quay and the pier opposite to the eastern portion of the feu on the south side of North Beach Street that belonged to the late Daniel Lewis Mackenzie under the obligation to do so above placed on my disponees.

Sixteenth. — To facilitate the raising of the funds that may be necessary for the improvement and extension of the piers, quays, and harbour, I hereby agree that, if requisite, I will postpone the sum of thirty pounds of additional feu duty in respect of the subjects third above disponed, being the proportion of additional feu duty fixed upon as a yearly return as in place of restricted interest on the outlay made by me on the subject third above disponed, to the payment of the annual sum which it may become necessary for the Commission to pay in respect of the money to be borrowed by them for such improvement and extension; it being, however, hereby stipulated that in case the revenue of the piers, quays, and harbour shall be insufficient to meet the cost of management, the ground feu duties of fifteen shillings, three pounds, and ten pounds, the annual payment to the Public Works Loan Commissioners or other parties advancing money for the improvement or extension of the piers, quays, and harbour on the security thereof, and the said sum of thirty pounds of additional feu duty, then the last-mentioned sum of thirty pounds of additional feu duty shall only be postponed until funds become available for its payment, when it shall be paid with interest.

Seventeenth. — In respect that it was not found convenient to form the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission by the execution of these presents at an earlier period: And whereas the said Kenneth Smith, Norman Mac Iver, John Morrison, and the said Donald Munro, my chamberlain, have been acting as a provisional committee with the view of filling up the vacant or lately vacant space or piece of shore ground between the Old Pier or Big Quay and the pier opposite to the eastern portion of the feu on the south side of North Beach Street that belonged to the late Daniel Lewis Mackenzie, regulating the portions of the same and of the said Old Pier or Big Quay to be let for herring curing

Eses, appointing a harbour master, and otherwise performing certain of the duties y devolved upon the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, the said Commission shall adopt, recognise, and give effect in all respects to the actings of the said provisional committee, and snail relieve the said committee of all outlays made and obligations undertaken by them in their actings as a provisional committee on their duly accounting for all sums received by them for and in respect of the said Old Pier or Big Quay or other of the subjects above disponed and dues leviable thereat

Eighteenth. — The whole foregoing purposes, powers, conditions, provisions, declarations, and obligations with this eighteenth provision itself, and the tenendas and reddendo clauses after written, with the clause allowing partial redemption of the said additional feu duty of thirty pounds in place of restricted interest on outlay (unless such redemption has been made or until it be fully made), shall be made real burdens on the subjects above conveyed respectively by the recording of these presents or of a notarial instrument containing the said purposes, powers, conditions, provisions, declarations, obligations, and clauses in the General or Particular Register of Sasines within three months from the date hereof, and the said purposes, powers, conditions, provisions, declarations, obligations, and clauses shall be repeated or competently referred to in all future deeds transmitting or vesting the said subjects all under the pain of nullity in case of the non due recording of these presents, or of a notarial instrument in the requisite form, and containing as aforesaid, or of the 28 & 29 Vict. 3 A omission

366

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

omission from future deeds of transmission or investiture of the said purposes, powers, conditions, provisions, declarations, obligations, and clauses or competent and equivalent references thereto; but declaring, as it is hereby specially provided and declared, that any alteration on or addition to the conditions and provisions herein contained which may be made by the Board of Trade or other competent authority under the application to be made for power and authority to such Commission, or that may be made by Parliament, shall be held to be part and parcel of these presents, and shall control and limit or extend, as the case may be, the terms and conditions hereof, and the rights hereby granted or intended to be granted, in the same way as if such alterations and additions had been herein engrossed, without prejudice to and always reserving entire my rights as Superior, and payments due to me under these presents as such Superior.

With entry to the said subjects as at the term of Whitsunday 1864; To be holden the said several subjects above disponed by the said present members of the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission above named, and their successors forming the said Commission for the time, and by the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission itself, of and under me and my successors as Superiors of the same, in feu farm, fee, and heritage for ever.

Giving therefor yearly the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission to me and my aforesaids as follows; videlicet, — for the subjects first above disponed the sum of 15^. sterling of feu duty, for the subjects second above disponed the sum of 3L sterling of feu duty, and for the subjects third above disponed the sum of ten pounds sterling of feu duty as for the ground thereof, and the farther sum of 301, sterling of additional feu duty as in the place of restricted interest on the sum of 850/. sterling or thereby expended by me upon the said subject third above disponed (redeemable the said additional feu duty of thirty pounds as after mentioned), beginning the first payment of said feu duties of 15*., 3/., and 10/., and the said additional feu duty of thirty pounds* at the term of Whitsunday 1865 as for the year preceding, and so forth at Whitsunday yearly in all time thereafter, with interest at the rate of 5 per cent, per annum of each year's feu duty from the time the same falls due till payment, and doubling the said sums of 15s., 3/., and 10/. every twenty-fifth year as a composition in place of entry; hereby specially declaring that the security for the said several sums of feu duty, amounting in all to 43/. 155. sterling, (including therein the annual return or additional feu duty of 30/. as in place of restricted interest on outlay redeemable as after mentioned,) shall equally extend over all the three subjects above conveyed; and I and the Superior for the time shall be entitled to proceed against all or any of the said subjects for the recovery of the whole feu duties and additional feu duty stipulated for as aforesaid, and to enter into possession thereof, and of the rents and dues leviable therefrom, just and sicklike as if the said three subjects had been disponed os one, and as if the said several feu duties and additional feu duty had been stated a3 a cumulo feu duty payable for the said several subjects as one; but declaring also that in the right to the said subjects first and third above disponed reverting to me or the Superior for the time under and in terms of the fourteenth condition of these presents, then and in that case the feu duties of 155., 10/., and the said additional feu duty of 30L if the said last-mentioned feu duty shall be then unredeemed, or to the extent to which it shall be then unredeemed, shall cease and determine, as in said condition stipulated; but providing and declaring, as it is hereby expressly provided and declared, that it shall be in the power and option of the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission to redeem the said additional feu duty of thirty pounds stipulated for, as in place of restricted interest on outlay at 16 years and two thirds of a year's purchase of the same, that is to say, to redeem the whole annual payment of 30/. by payments at any term of Whitsunday of a sum of 500i., or to redeem the same gradually by payments at any term of Whitsunday of not less than a sum of one hundred pounds at a time, in which case for each one hundred pounds paid to me or my successors as in redemption of said feu duty of 30/. one fifth thereof or 6/. yearly shall be extinguished, and on payment of the said sum of 500/. I shall be bound to grant and record, but at the expense of the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission only, a discharge and renunciation of the said sum of 30/. of additional feu duty, and on payment of each sum of 100/. I shall be bound to grant and record, but at the expense of the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission only, a discharge and renunciation of si* pounds or one fifth of said feu duty of 30/. Sterling-

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76. 367

And I assign the writs, but to the effect only of maintaining and defending the above-named members of the Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, and their successors, forming the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission, and the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission itself, in the right of the lands, and others hereby disponed, and for that purpose I oblige myself and my foresaids to make the same forthcoming to the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission at their expense on all necessary occasions on a receipt and obligation to re-deliver the same within a reasonable time and under a suitable penalty; and I assign the rents, dues, and rates proper to the subjects hereby disponed; and I oblige myself to free and relieve the said Stornoway Pier and Harbour Commission of all feu duties, casualties, and public burdens due at and previous to entry; and I grant warrandice of the said subjects, and of the rents and dues leviable therefrom; but as regards the shore to the extent only to which in law I have right to use the same under my grant thereof from the Crown or otherwise, and as regards the rents and dues to the extent only to which I have right to exact and levy the same; and I consent to registration hereof for preservation, and also to registration in the General or Particular Register of Sasines as for investiture and publication.

In witness whereof I have subscribed these presents written on this and the twenty-nine preceding pages of stamped vellum by Thomas Gilbert, Clerk to Messrs. Cheyne and Stuart, writers to the Signet, Edinburgh, (the word tc Scotland " having been previously interlined to read as the sixth word of the nineteenth line of page second; the words "to a point " to read as the tenth, eleventh, and twelfth words of the twenty-third line of page fifth; the words "the revenue of" to read as the fifth, sixth, and seventh words of the thirty-second line of page twenty-fourth; and the word " duly " as the seventh word of the thirtieth line of page twenty-fifth; and the word " same having on the fourteenth line of page twenty-first been previously partly written on an erasure; also the word " time " having been previously interlined to read as the seventh word of the fourth line of page twenty-fourth; and the word " harbour " on the thirty-first line of page first having been previously deleted,) at Lews Castle, Stornoway, the ninth day of August eighteen hundred and sixty-four years, before these witnesses, William Edward Martin, my butler, and Thomas Mackay, my piper, both residing at Lews Castle.

(Signed) James Matheson.

(Signed) W. E. Martin. Witness.

(Signed) T. McKay. Witness.

Registered in the Particular Register of Sasines for Inverness, &c. 1st October 1864.

The Second Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

I. — Rates on Vessels entering or using the Harbour to load or unload.

s. cL

For every sailing or steam vessel loading or unloading, per registered

ton - - - 03

For every vessel laid up for wintering, per month, per registered ton

(and in proportion for a less or longer period) - 0 1J

For every loaded vessel which shall use any quay or landing-place without discharging or loading, per registered ton, per fortnight (and in the same proportion per ton for every fortnight or part of a fortnight after the first fortnight) - 0 1J

For every vessel, light or in ballast and departing in ballast, using any

of the quays or landing places, per registered ton - - 0 1J

For every boat or undecked or unregistered vessel of 8 tons burden and upwards using any quay or landing-place, loading or unloading cargo - - 2 0

For every vessel which may be moored within a line from the Old Castle to Aj:d Point or Aird-a-Chelirich for repairs, for six days or any lesser period, and for any longer period than six days, 3cL per registered ton.

3 A 2

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

II. — Rates on Herring Boats, &c. s. &

For every herring boat, and every undecked boat prosecuting the herring fishing during the season in the month of May, June, or July, yearly - - - 70

III. — Rates on Animals and Goods shipped or unshipped, received or

DELIVERED, AT OR TRANSHIPPED WITHIN THE LIMITS OF THE HARBOUR.

Ale, beer, *or porter, per hogshead .....

Ballast, per ton -

Bark, in bulk, per ton -

Beef, fresh or salted, or other provisions, per barrel -Biscuits and bread, per barrel bulk -

Bones, per ton -

Bone dust, per ton -

Bran, per cwt.

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter, per cwt. -

Carriages with four wheels, each -Carriages with two wheels, each -

Carts, each -

Cattle, viz .:

Bulls, each -

Cows, heifers, oxen, and stirks, each .....

Calves, each -

Horses, asses, and mules, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, per score -

Lambs, per score -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney cans, per score -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per barrel bulk -Carriage or cart wheels, per pair -

Coal, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Cork, per cwt.

Cracklines, per cwt.

Cotton (raw), per ton -

Dogs (sporting only), each -

Earthenware, per barrel bulk -

Eggs, per barrel bulk -

Empty barrels, each -

Fish, salted or dry, per ton -

Flax, per ton -

Flour, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

Fowls and ducks, live, per dozen -Furniture (household), per barrel bulk -

Fruit of all kinds, per barrel bulk -

Gates (iron) of all sizes, each -

Geese and turkeys, live, each -

Glass (window), per crate -

Grain; viz., wheat and malt, per quarter -

Barley, bear, peas, beans, oats, and all other descriptions of grain, per quarter - -

5. d.

0 2

0 1

1 0

0 2

0 1

0 6

0 8

0 1

0 8

0 2

0 8

0 6

0 6

0 3

0 2

0 1

0 2

0 I

0 6

0 3

0 8

0 3

0 3

0 2

0 2

0 2

1 4

0 2

0 2

0 1

1 0

0 2

0 1

0 2

0 oi

0 6

1 0

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 1

0 3

0 1

0 3

0 3

0 2

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

369

Grease, per cwt.

Groceries, per barrel bulk -

Guano and artificial manures, per ton Grates and stoves, each -Gunpowder, per cwt. -Hardware, per barrel bulk -

Hay, per ton -

Hemp and cotton, unwrought, per ton Herrings, fresh (exported only), per box or barrel Ditto, cured ditto per barrel

Hides, per ton -Hoops (wooden), per 1,000 Husbandry (utensils of):

Ploughs, each -

Harrows, each -

Rollers, each -

Drill harrows, each -

Reaping machines, each -

And all other implements, per cwt.

Iron, pig or old, per ton -

Ditto, bar, bolt, or rod, per ton -

Kelp, per ton -

Lath wood, per fathom -

Lead of all kinds, and zinc, per ton -

Leather, per ton -

Lime, per barrel -

Limestone, per ton -

Lobsters, per box -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure, per ton -

Meal and flour, per bag of 280 lbs.

Millstones, each -

Molasses and treacle, per ton -

Oakum, per cwt. -

Oil, per ton -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges, per box -

Oysters, per box or sack -

Paper, per cwt. -

Peats, per ton -

Potatoes, per ton -

Poultry, including pigeons, game, and other birds, per box

Ropes and rags (old), per ton -

Salt, per ton -

Salmon, per box -

Sand, per ton -

Seeds, per 8 bushels -

Shearing hooks, per gross -

Shot, per cwt. -

Slates, under size, per 1,000 -

Ditto, sizeable, per 1,000 -

Soda-water and lemonade, per gross of 144 bottles

Spades and shovels, per dozen -

Spirits, per hogshead of 56 gallons

Staves (barrel), per 1,000 -

Stones (paving or dressed), per ton

Ditto, others, per ton -

s. d.

- 0 2

- - 0 1

- 0 6

- - 0 1

- 0 4

- - 0 1

- 0 6

- - 1 0

- - 0 1

- 0 1

- - 1 0

- 0 5

- _ 0 3

- - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - 0 2

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

-. 0 6

- - 0 10

- - 0 0i

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 1 0

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 8

- - 0 5

- - 0 0 *

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

. - 0 2

- _ 0 1

- - 0 1

- - 0 1

- _ 0 5

- - 0 2

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

- 0 1

- _ 0 1

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- _ 0 1

- - 0 3

- 0 4

- - 0 3

- - 0 1

- _ 1 0

- - 0 1

- 0 1

_. 0 1

370

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 76.

. d.

Snuff, per cwt. - - -08

Stucco, per ton - - *06

Sugar, per ton - - 0 10

Tallow, per ton - - - 06

Tar, per barrel - - 0 1

Tea, per chest - - - 04

Tiles or pipes for draining, per 1,000 - - 0 6

Ditto, for roofing, per 1,000 - - - 0 6

Timber, unwrought, of all kinds, per load of 50 cubic feet - 0 6

Spars or poles, 22 feet in length and under, per 120 - 1 0

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding 6 inches in

diameter, per 120 - - 26

Tobacco, per roll - - - 0 1

Tin, per box - - - 01

Tow, per ton - -0 5

Vitriol, per carboy - - 01

Wheels (carriage or cart), per pair - - 0 2

Wilks, per sack - - - 0 1

Wine in cask, per hogshead - - 1 0

Ditto in bottle, per barrel bulk - - 0 1

Wool, per cwt. - - - 01

Yarn, per ton - - -10

All other unenumerated articles to pay at landing or shipping:

If by measurement, per barrel bulk - - 0 1

If by weight, per ton - - - 0 8

Articles which can be measured to pay by barrel bulk, all others by weight

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rate shall be charged.

Five cubic feet, not exceeding two and half hundredweight, to be rated as a barrel bulk; but when the weight of five cubic feet is greater than two and a half hundredweight, then two and a half hundredweight to be rated as a barrel bulk.

Exemptions from above-mentioned Rates.

1. All vessels mooring or using the anchorage ground within the limits of the harbour for refuge or waiting a wind, and all yachts and pleasure vessels, and all open boats other than the boats above specified.

2. Goods, articles, effects, materials, matters, and things bon& fide the property of the Superior of the burgh of Stornoway for the time, his family, or visitors at Lews Castle, or for their use or for the use of the Lews estate, landed or loaded at the shores of any part of the west side of the bay of Stornoway between Arnish Point and the water of Bayhead.

3. All returned empty boxes, barrels, sacks, and packages.

4. Passengers luggage not exceeding 2 barrels bulk; all above to pay the ordinary rates.

5. The furniture and luggage of fishermen coming to or returning from the herring fishery at the commencement or end of the fishing season.

6. Dogs used by servants in charge of live stock.

IV. — Rates pob the use of Sheds, Chanes, and Weighing Machines.

1. Sheds.

For each ton of goods of eight barrels bulk, or for each ton of goods of twenty cwt., which shall remain in any shed or on the pier for a period not exceeding three days, the sum of threepence, and the sum of one penny halfpenny per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after three days.

28° A 29° VICTORIA, c, 76, 77.

371

2* Cranes. a. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - 0 3

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - - 0 4

, 2 tons 3 tons - - 0 6

, 3 tons 92 4 tons - - 0 8

, 4 tons 5 tons - - 0 10

, 5 tons 99 6 tons - - 1 0

, 6 tons 99 7 tons - - 1 2

, 7 tons 99 8 tons - - 1 4

, 8 tons 99 9 tons - - 1 8

, 9 tons 99 10 tons - - 2 0

, 10 tons - 3 0

3. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, one penny for each ton or part of a ton.

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to amend the Act of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Victoria, Chapter Sixty-four, commonly called "The Public House Closing Act, 1864."

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend " The Public House Closing Act, 1864Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Public House Closing Act, 1865."

2. It shall be lawful for the licensing Justices at the Time of granting or renewing any Power to Jus-Licence, upon the Production of such Evidence as they shall deem sufficient to show that tices to grant it is necessary or desirable, for the Accommodation of any considerable Number of Persons ^io^Bed10 attending any Public Market, or following any lawful Trade or Calling, if, in the Discretion Victuallers and of such Justices, they shall think fit, to grant to any Licensed Victualler or Keeper of a Refreshment Refreshment House whose Place of Business is in the immediate Neighbourhood of such

Market, or of the Place where the Persons follow such lawful Trade or Calling, a Licence Operation of exempting him from the Provisions of the herein-before mentioned Act between the Hours recited Act of Two and Four o'Clock in the Morning, or any Part of such Hours, during such Days,

Times, or Hours as shall be specified in such Licence; and no Licensed Victualler or Keeper of a Refreshment House to whom such Licence has been granted under this Act shall be subject to any Penalty for a Contravention of the herein-before mentioned Act during the Days or Times to which such Licence extends, but he shall not be exempted by such Licence from any Penalty to which he may be subject under any other Act of Parliament; provided that a printed Notice stating the Days and special Hours during which and the Class of Persons for whom the House is open under such Licence shall be affixed in a conspicuous Position outside the House.

3. It shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, as and when it may seem fit Power to

to them, either to withdraw such Licence altogether, or to alter, vary, or amend the same £|^WBUch in such Manner as such Justices may deem necessary or expedient.

4. The said Act, as herein amended, shall be in force in such Districts under the Act to be in Operation of the Public Health Act, 1848, or the Local Government Act, 1858, as adopt tbrae in certain the same and Local Boards of Health established under or by virtue of the said Public Distnct8' c# Health Act, 1848, and Local Boards established under or by virtue of the said Local

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 77, 78.

Government Act, 1858, may adopt the said Public House Closing Act, 1864, in the same Manner; and the same shall come into operation at the same Time as is provided for the Adoption and coming into operation of that Act by Corporate Boroughs, or Boards of Improvement Commissioners; provided that this Section shall not apply to any District which is a Corporate Borough, or within the Jurisdiction of a Board of Improvement Commissioners.

Justices of the Peace to grant Licences.

5. So much of the Eighth Clause of the said recited Act as defines the Local Authority to be a Commissioner, Superintendent, or other Chief Officer of Police shall be repealed, and instead thereof the Local Authority shall be, in nny District, City, or Town where Petty Sessions are held, except in the Metropolitan Police District, Two Justices of the Peace sitting in Petty Sessions, and in any other District, City, or Town, Two Justices of the Peace acting in the District, City, or Town.

Act to be construed with recited Act.

6. This Act shall be deemed, construed, and taken as Part of the said herein-before mentioned Act.

CAP. LXXVIII.

Extent of Act

No Company to avail themselves of Act unless it shall comply with Provisions herein named.

An Act to enable certain Companies to issue Mortgage Debentures founded on Securities upon or affecting Land, and to make Provision for the Registration of such Mortgage Debentures and Securities.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made whereby such Companies as " are herein-after defined may be enabled to issue Mortgage Debentures founded upon

i the Security of certain Descriptions of Property as herein-after defined, and for the Registration in the Office of Land Registry of such Mortgage Debentures and Securities Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865."

2. This Act shall extend and apply to, and the Powers hereby conferred may be exercised by, all such Companies incorporated and carrying on Business under "The Companies Act, 1862," or under any Act of Parliament, as now or hereafter may be entitled to advance Money on the Security of Land; and in the Construction of this Act the Expression u the Company" means any Company to which this Act applies, and which shall for the Time being be availing itself of the Provisions of this Act.

3. No Company shall be entitled to avail itself of this Act, unless it shall comply with the following Provisions:

First. The Company must, under its Act of Parliament or Memorandum of Association, be limited to One or more of the following Objects:

1. The making of Advances of Money upon any of the following Securities:—

(a.) Lands, Messuages, Hereditaments, and Real Property, and all Estates and Interests therein:

(b.) Rates, Dues, Assessments, and Impositions upon the Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Real Property imposed by or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, Public or Private, Royal Charter, Commission of Sewers or Drainage, or other sufficient legal Authority:

(c.) Charges and Securities upon or affecting Lands, Messuages, Hereditaments, and Real Property executed, made, given, or issued under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, Public or Private:

2. The borrowing of Money on transferable Mortgage Debentures, or on One or more of the Securities above mentioned:

Provided

{j

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78. 373

Provided that any Company already constituted under "The Companies Act, 1862," for the Purpose of making Advances on Real Securities, and whose Memorandum of Association includes but is not limited to the Objects herein-before specified, may, by special Resolution in accordance with the Provisions of that Act, alter its Memorandum for the Purpose of limiting and so ns to limit its Objects and Business to those so specified; and such Company shall thereupon be and become a Company constituting and carrying on Business under such altered Memorandum, and on its being shown to the Satisfaction of the Registrar herein-after mentioned that such Alteration has been made, and that all Obligations, if any, entered into by the Company in respect of the Business which prior to such special Resolution it was empowered to transact, other than the Business to which it will be limited after the passing of such special Resolution, have been discharged, and that the Articles of Association of the Company are in accordance with the altered Memorandum, such Company shall be deemed to be a Company within this Act and entitled to the Benefits thereof:

Second. The Company must have a paid-up Capital of not less than One hundred thousand Pounds:

Third. Each Share must be of the nominal Value of not less than Fifty Pounds, of which not less than One Tenth nor more than One Half must have been paid up,

4. Subject to the Provisions and Restrictions of this Act, the Company may from ^owerto

Time to Time borrow Money upon Mortgage Debentures to be issued by it under the borow Money Authority of this Act. on Mongage

Debentures.

5. The Securities upon and in respect of which such Mortgage Debentures may be founded Nature of and issued shall be Securities affecting Property in England or Wales of the following Securities on

Descriptions: tures^nm^be"

(a.) Lands, Messuages, Hereditaments, or Real Property, or some Estate or Interests fo^dedl^ therein:

(5.) Rates, Dues, Assessments, or Impositions upon the Owners or Occupiers of Lands,

Messuages, Hereditaments, or Real Property, imposed by or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, Public or Private, Royal Charter, Commission of Sewers or Drainage, or other sufficient legal Authority:

(c.) Charges upon or affecting Lands, Messuages, Hereditaments, or Real Property executed, made, given, or issued under the Authority of any Act of Parliament,

Public or Private:

But, from the Securities described in Paragraph (a.) shall be excepted Securities upon Mines or Mineral Property, Quarries, Brickfields, and Factories, Mills, and other Buildings or Works for Manufacturing Purposes, and also Securities upon Leasehold Estates, determinable upon a Life or Lives, and not renewable or held for a Terra, of which, at the Date of the Security, less than Fifty Years shall be unexpired, or which are subject to any Rent beyond a nominal Rent or a Ground Rent.

In construing this Act the Word" Securities " shall be deemed to mean such Securities ns above defined and restricted, and no others.

6. When and from Time to Time as the Company may desire to use any Securities in their Securities on Possession for the Punpose of founding and issuing Mortgage Debentures thereon, they shall produce the Deeds or Instruments creating such Securities, duly executed and stamped, to issue Deben-the Office of Land Registry established by the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Victoria, tures to be pro-Chapter Fifty-three, in order to the same being duly registered in such Office of Land Registry, in accordance with the Provisions of this Act

7. For the Purposes of such Registration there shall be established in such Office of Land Register of

Registry, in respect of every Company issuing Mortgage Debentures under this Act, a ^blished^6 Register, with the Name of the Company attached, which shall be called a Register of Office of Land Securities under the Mortgage Debentures Act, 1865. Registry.

8. The Business of the Registration shall be conducted in such Office in accordance with where

such Rules and Regulations as the Registrar, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor, from Business to be Time to Time shall prescribe. conducted .;

9. Upon Production to and Deposit with the Registrar of the Deeds or Instruments pur- Upon Deposit porting to be duly executed and stamped as aforesaid, together with a Certificate under the Registrar

28 & 29 Vict. 3 B Common of Securities

held by Company, and the Deeds relating thereto, and Certificate of Company, and Declaration of Surveyor, Registrar may register Deed creating Security.

Form of Declaration of Surveyor.

Power to Company to issue Debentures not exceeding Amount of registered Securities, &c.

Before Company shall register any Mortgage Debentures, it shall file a Return containing Particulars herein named.

Company may issue new Debentures in lieu of those paid off.

Common Seal of the Company and the Hands of One or more Directors and of the Secretary or Accountant of the Company, in the Form or to the Effect of Form (A.) in the Schedule hereto, and in the Cases herein-after mentioned of the Certificate of a Surveyor as hereinafter provided, the Registrar shall enter in the proper Register of Securities the Date of every Such Deed or other Instrument, its Nature, whether Mortgage, Grant of Annuity, Rentcharge, or other Security, the Amount of the 'Principal Money or the Amount and Duration of the Annuity thereby secured, and the Tenure, Extent, and Situation of the Property upon which the Security is taken: Provided always, that the Registrar shall not register any Deed or Instrument relating to or affecting any Property not situate in England or Wales.

10. The Registrar shall not register any Deeds or Instruments for the Purposes of this Act until there shall have been produced for his Inspection, and left to be registered, a voluntary Declaration made by a Surveyor or Valuer, approved by the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales, in the Form (B.) in the said Schedule hereto, or to the like Effect; but when such Deeds or Instruments relate exclusively to any of the Securities described in Section 5 (b and c), the Report of the Surveyor or Valuer shall state only the Value at the Time of his Report of the Securities to be valued. There shall also be delivered with the before-mentioned Deeds or Instruments a Schedule, under the Hand of the Secretary or One of the Directors of the Company, of the Deeds and Documents which were delivered to the Company at the Time when the Security was executed to them, which Deeds or Documents shall be deposited with the Registrar, to be retained by him until withdrawn as herein-after provided.

11. Upon the Securities so from Time to Time registered, the Company may found and issue its Mortgage Debentures, but so that the aggregate Principal Sum secured by all the Mortgage Debentures shall never exceed at any One Time the then total Amount (to be ascertained in the Manner herein-after provided) of the registered Securities of the Company, and also shall never exceed Ten Times the Amount for the Time being uncalled of its subscribed Share Capital.

12. Before any Company entitled to issue Mortgage Debentures under the Provisions of this Act shall register any such Mortgage Debentures under the Provisions of this Act, such Company shall file in the Office of the Land Registry a Return containing the following and such other Particulars as the Registrar may from Time to Time require, which Return shall be under the Hand of One at least of the Directors of the Company and the Secretary:

(a.) The Amount of the nominal Capital of the Company, and the Number and Amount of Shares into which the same is divided:

(b.) The Amount per Share and the aggregate Amount paid up on the Shares:

(c.) The Assets or Property of the Company at the Date of the Return, and how invested:

(d.) The Names, Addresses, and Occupations of the Directors and Auditors of the Company:

(e.) The registered Office of the Company.

13. If and whenever any of such Mortgage Debentures shall be paid off by the Company, the Company may issue new Mortgage Debentures in lieu thereof, and so from Time to Time, provided that the aggregate Principal Sum secured by all the Mortgage Debentures then issued and outstanding shall not exceed either of the before-mentioned Limits.

Registered Securities charged with Payment of Debentures, and not applicable for any other Purpose until discharged from Registration.

14. All the registered Securities for the Time being of the Company shall be charged with the Payment of the Principal Monies and Interest from Time to Time payable upon or in respect of all the Mortgage Debentures of the Company for the Time being issued and outstanding; and no registered Security, until discharged therefrom as herein-after provided, shall be applicable to or available for any other Purpose than the Satisfaction of such Principal Monies and Interest, or be transferred, disposed of, or otherwise dealt with by the Company, unless and until the same shall have been discharged from Registration in the Manner herein-after provided: Provided, nevertheless, that such Registration shall not prevent the Company from receiving, applying, and giving a valid Discharge for any

Interest

375

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

Interest which may from Time to Time be receivable upon or in respect of any such Security, unless where a Receiver shall have been actually appointed under the Provisions of this Act.

15. The Persons from Time to Time entitled to the Company's Mortgage Debentures shall, proportionally, according to the Amount of the Monies secured thereby, be entitled one with another to the Benefit of the registered Securities of the Company upon which such Mortgage Debentures are founded, without any Preference one above another by reason of Priority of the Date of any such Mortgage Debenture or otherwise.

10. Whenever any Person who has executed a Security which has been registered under the Provisions of this Act is entitled to redeem such Security, and has given Notice to the Company of his Intention so to do, the Company shall thereupon, and before the Day appointed for the Redemption, make Application to the Registrar for the Purpose of having such Security freed and discharged from the Charge of the Mortgage Debentures issued by the Company, and upon a Security of at least equal Value, as certified by a Declaration of the Surveyor or Valuer before mentioned, being produced to him for Registration and being registered accordingly, or its being shown to his Satisfaction that at least an equivalent of Mortgage Debentures issued under the Provisions of this Act has been cancelled, he shall allow the same to be so freed and discharged, and shall cause an Entry to be made in the Register of Securities of the said Security being discharged, and shall re-deliver to the Company the several Deeds or Instruments to which such Security relates, and which were delivered to the Registrar for Registration, under the Provisions hereinbefore contained, and such Entry shall be conclusive Evidence of such Discharge.

17. If the Company shall not have procured such Discharge on or before the Day appointed for Redemption, the Mortgagor or other Person entitled to redeem such Security may apply to the High Court of Chancery by Summons, calling upon the Company to show Cause why such Security is not so discharged, and upon hearing such Summons the Judge shall appoint a Day by which the Discharge shall be obtained, and in default thereof shall order that the Amount of Principal and Interest Money due upon such Security shall, by a Day to be named in the Order, be paid into the Bank to the Credit of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to the Account of the Company's Mortgage Debentures, and shall make such Order as to the Costs of and incidental to the Application as the Court may deem just.

Upon Production to and Deposit with the Land Registrar of such Order, together with the Accountant General's Certificate of such Payment into Court as aforesaid, the Registrar shall make an Entry in the proper Register of Securities, of the Discharge of such Security from the Company's Mortgage Debentures, and shall deliver to the Person named in such Order the several Deeds and Instruments to which such Security relates, and which were delivered to the Registrar under the Provisions herein contained.

Upon the Company proving to the Satisfaction of the Court, by the Production of a Certificate of the Registrar, either that a Security at least equal in Value to the Amount so paid into Court as aforesaid has been registered as aforesaid, or that an equivalent Amount of the Company's Mortgage Debentures has been cancelled, the Court shall direct the Payment out of Court to the Company of the Amount so paid in, together with any Dividends that may have accrued due thereon in the meantime.

18. There shall from Time to Time be paid by the Company or others, in respect of Business transacted under this Act by the Registrar, such Fees as the Registrar, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor, from Time to Time prescribes; and there shall also be paid by the Company to the Registrar, the Assistant Registrar, and the other Officers and Servants of the Office respectively, such Remuneration for their respective Services in the Execution of this Act as the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time sanctions.

19. The following Rules shall be observed with respect to the Collection of Fees: —

(a.) All Fees so payable shall be received by Stamps denoting the Amount of Fees

payable, and not in Money:

3 B 2 (b.) When

Rights of Holders of Mortgage Debentures.

Proceedings on Redemption of Securities.

Owner of registered Security upon default of Company may obtain the Discharge thereof from Company's Debentures.

Registrar to determine Fees.

Collection of Fees.

Inspection of Register.

Company to make Quarterly Returns to Registrar.

Quarter Days for Purposes of Act.

Quarterly Returns made to Registrar to be as in Form (C.) in Schedule, and to contain Particulars herein named.

Estimate for Returns of Amount of Annuities.

Total Amount of registered Securities.

Form of

Mortgage

Debenture.

Company to keep " Register of Securities."

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

(b.) When a Fee is payable in respect of a Document, a Stamp denoting the Amount of the Fee shall be affixed to the Document and properly cancelled:

(c.) The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide everything that is necessary for the Collection of the Monies by this Act directed to be paid by Stamps.

20. Subject to such Regulations and on Payment of such Fees as the Registrar, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor, from Time to Time prescribes, any Person may inspect and make Copies of and Extracts from the Register.

21. When and so long as the Company issues any Mortgage Debentures under this Act, and from Time to Time so long as any Mortgage Debenture so issued remains outstanding, the Company shall, within Ten Days after every Quarter Day as herein-after defined, make out and deliver to the Registrar the Quarterly Return by this Act prescribed; and every Quarterly Return shall be verified by the Statutory Declaration of Two Directors, and the Manager, Secretary, or Accountant of the Company.

22. The Thirty-first Day of March, the Thirtieth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year shall be the Quarter Days for the Purposes of this Act.

23. Every Quarterly Return to be made by the Company to the Registrar shall be in the Form set forth in Form (C.) in the Schedule to this Act, or as near thereto as Circumstances may admit, and shall contain, with reference to the then last Quarterly Day, the following Particulars:

(a.) An Account of all the Securities of the Company's at that Time registered, showing the aggregate of all Principal Sums remaining secured thereby and unpaid, and showing also the aggregate Amount or the aggregate estimated Value of all Annuities and other periodical Payments secured thereby:

(£.) An Account showing the aggregate Amount and the estimated Value of the Company's other Investments, and also the total Number and aggregate nominal Amount of the Shares of the Company's Capital held by Persons registered in the Company's Books as the Holders thereof, and the aggregate Amount paid up in respect of those registered Shares, and the aggregate Amount remaining to be paid thereon:

(c.) The Numbers and Dates of the several Mortgage Debentures issued by the Company and remaining in force, and the several Principal Sums secured by those Mortgage Debentures respectively, and the aggregate Amount thereof, and the Rates of Interest payable on those Principal Sums respectively, and the Time or Times for the Repayment of those Principal Sums respectively.

24. The Amount or Value of the Annuities and other periodical Payments to be comprised in the Quarterly Returns shall be ascertained or estimated by an Actuary approved by the Registrar.

25. The aggregate of all Principal Sums remaining secured by the registered Securities, together with the aggregate Amount or Value of the said Annuities as so ascertained or estimated, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be the total Amount for the Time being of the registered Securities of the Company.

26. Every Mortgage Debenture from Time to Time issued by the Company shall be a Deed under the Common Seal of the Company, duly stamped as a Mortgage for the Amount secured, and bearing the Signatures of at least Two of the Directors, and the Counter-Signature of the Manager, Secretary, or Accountant of the Company, and shall be in accordance with the Form (D.) in the Schedule to this Act, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit.

27. The Company shall keep a Register, to be called the "Register of Securities," in which shall be entered the Date of every Deed or other Instrument registered at the Land Registry for the Purposes of this Act, its Nature, whether Mortgage, Grant of Annuity, Rent charge, or other Security, the Amount of the Principal Money, or the Amount

and

377

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

and Duration of the Annuity thereby secured, the Tenure, Extent, and Situation of the Property upon which the Security is taken, and if there are any Charges which take Priority of the Company's Security, then the Amount of such prior Charges.

28. The Mortgage Debentures shall be for the Payment of Principal Sums at a fixed Tenns on Time, to be named therein, not less than Six Months nor exceeding Ten Years from the Date, with Interest thereon in the meantime, at such Rate as may be agreed, payable taros may be half-yearly or otherwise; and no Mortgage Debenture shall be issued *for a less Prin- issued, cipal Sum than Fifty Pounds.

29. The Mortgage Debentures shall be numbered consecutively, beginning with Mortgage De-Number One, and every Mortgage Debenture shall be distinguished by its appropriate Number; and notwithstanding the Cancellation, Loss, or Destruction of a Mortgage r Debenture, no other Mortgage Debenture shall bear the Number of that so cancelled, lost, or destroyed.

30. There shall be indorsed upon every Mortgage Debenture issued under the Provisions of this Act, —

(a,) The Amount of the nominal Capital of the Company issuing the same:

(i.) The Number and Amount of the Shares into which such Capital is divided:

(c.) The Number of Shares issued and the Amount paid up in Money upon each Share so issued:

(d.) The Amount of the registered Securities of the Company as declared by the last Quarterly Return:

(<?.) The registered Office of the Company:

Provided that any Inaccuracies or Omissions in such Indorsements shall not affect or invalidate the Debenture.

Indorsement to be made upon Mortgage Debenture.

31. A Book containing a List of Mortgage Debentures shall be kept by the Company's ListofMort-Secretary, and on the Issue of any Mortgage Debenture an Entry of the Number and "

Date thereof, and of the Principal Money secured thereby, and the Name, Description, and compimy?* Residence of the Person to whom it is issued shall be entered in such Book.

32. There shall also be established and kept in the Office of Land Registry, by or Register of under the Direction of the Registrar, in respect of every Company issuing Mortgage Debentures under this Act, a Register of the Mortgage Debentures of the Company.

33. When any Mortgage Debenture of the Company is duly executed and stamped. Registration the Company shall produce it to the Registrar, in order to its being registered, and there-

upon the Registrar shall enter in the Register of Mortgage Debentures the Number and the Date of the Mortgage Debenture, the Amount of the Principal Money thereby secured, and the Time or Times for Repayment of the Principal Money thereby secured, and shall make on the Mortgage Debenture an Indorsement stating the Day on which the Mortgage Debenture was produced to him for Registration, and of the Page of the Book in which the Entry thereof is made; and without such an Indorsement no Mortgage Debenture shall be a Charge under this Act upon the registered Securities of the Company.

34. The Indorsement of the Registrar on any Mortgage Debenture as herein-before Indorsement of mentioned shall be conclusive Evidence that it is a Mortgage Debenture duly registered Re818trar-under the Provisions of this Act.

35. No Notice of any Trust in respect of any Mortgage Debenture shall be receivable No Notice of by the Company or the Registrar.

36. When a Mortgage Debenture is produced by the Company to the Registrar, Entry in with a Receipt for the Monies secured thereby indorsed thereon, signed and stamped, Jiwhimre^f he shall make in the Register of Mortgage Debentures an Entry of the Discharge thereof. Mortgage

37. Every DebentQre-

378

Transfer of

Mortgage

Debenture.

Entry of Transfers by Deed of Mortgage Debentures to be made by Company.

Stamp Acts applied to Stamps under Act

Further Powers of Investment to Trustees.

Power to appoint

Receiver.

Terms on which Power may be exercised.

Saving Rights of Mortgagees to sue.

Application for Receiver.

Removal of Receiver.

Powers and Duties of Receiver.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, o. 78.

37. Every Mortgage Debenture may be transferred by Indorsement in the Form (E.) in the Schedule to this Act, or to the like Effect.

38. Within Thirty Days after the Date of every such Transfer, if executed within the United Kingdom, or otherwise within Thirty Days after the Arrival thereof in the United Kingdom, it shall be produced to the Company's Secretary, and thereupon the Secretary shall make an Entry thereof in a Transfer Book; and after the Entry the Transfer shall entitle th^ Transferee to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage Debenture, so far as it is then in force; and no Person having made the Transfer shall have Power to make void, release, or discharge the Mortgage Debenture so transferred, or any Money thereby secured; and for the Entry the Company may demand not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; and, until the Entry, the Company shall not be in any Manner responsible to, or bound to take Notice of, the Transferee in respect of the Mortgage Debenture.

39. The several Acts from Time to Time in force relating to Stamps under the Care or Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall apply to the Stamps to be provided in pursuance of this Act, and to Documents on which the Stamps are impressed, and to collecting and securing the Sums of Money denoted by Stamps, and to preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully as if the Provisions were in this Act repeated and specially enacted with reference to those Stamps and Sums of Money respectively.

40. In all Cases in which, by the Instrument creating the Trust, Trustees have a general Power to invest Trust Monies in or upon the Security of Shares, Stock, Mortgages, Bonds, or Debentures of Companies incorporated by or acting under the Authority of an Act of Parliament, they may invest such Trust Monies on the Security of Mortgage Debentures duly issued under and in accordance with the Provisions of this Act.

41. Any Person for the Time being entitled to any Mortgage Debenture of the Company shall be empowered from Time to Time to enforce the Payment of any Arrears of Interest or Principal (as the Case may be) due on such Mortgage Debenture by procuring the Appointment of a Receiver in the Maimer and subject to the Conditions herein-after mentioned.

42. If within Seven Days after the Interest accruing upon any Mortgage Debenture has become payable, and after Demand thereof in Writing made upon the Company by the Person entitled thereunto, such Interest be not paid, or if within Three Weeks after the Principal Money secured by any Mortgage Debenture has become" payable, and after Demand thereof in Writing made as aforesaid, such Principal Money be not paid, the Person at the Time entitled to the Receipt of such Interest or Principal respectively may apply for the Appointment of a Receiver, as herein-after provided.

43. No such Application shall in any way prejudice or affect the Right of any Person entitled to any such Mortgage Debenture to sue for any such Interest or Principal Money, as the Case may be, in any Court of Law or Equity.

44. Every Application for a Receiver in the Cases aforesaid may be made to the High Court of Chancery by Petition or by Summons at Chambers, and on any such Application the Court of Chancery may appoint a Receiver to act on behalf of the Applicant and the other Persons entitled to the Company's Mortgage Debentures.

45. The Court may also remove the Receiver, and appoint another in his Stead, and so from Time to Time, and may make such Orders and give such Directions as to the Powers and Duties of the Receiver, and otherwise as to the Disposal of the Monies received by him, as may be thought fit.

46. Subject to any such Orders and Directions, the Receiver shall be entitled to receive or recover the whole or a competent Part of the Principal Monies, Instalments, Annuities, Interest, and other Monies from Time to Time payable to the Company upon or in respect

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78. 379

ot their registered Securities, and also any Monies standing to the Account of the Company's Mortgage Debentures under the Provision of Section 17, until the Principal and Interest due on all the Debentures issued by the Company, together with all Costs, including the reasonable and proper Charges of such Receiver, shall have been fully paid; and upon such Appointment being made, and Notice thereof to the several Persons liable upon such registered Securities, all such Monies from Time to Time payable upon or in respect of such registered Securities shall be paid to and received or recovered by such Receiver; and the Receiver shall apply the same, as from Time to Time received or recovered by him, first to the Payment of all such Costs, and afterwards to the Discharge and Payment of all Interest, or Principal and Interest, as the Case may be, due upon such Mortgage Debentures; and after such Costs, and such Interest, or Principal and Interest, shall have been fully paid, the Power of such Receiver shall cease.

47. The Court may order, as to any of the above-mentioned Powers and Duties, that the conrt

Receiver shall not exercise the same without the Sanction or further Direction of the stay Order for Court 5 and the Court may, at any Time after an Order for the Appointment of a Receiver upon

has been made, make an Order staying the same, either altogether or for a limited Time, on such Terms and subject to such Conditions as it may deem fit.

48. In case any Company shall cease to be entitled to issue Mortgage Debentures under ^en this Act, such Company shall nevertheless have the Powers and be subject to the Provisions pany not to of this Act with respect to all Mortgage Debentures then issued and outstanding; but no issue Mortgage Debentures shall be issued or renewed by such Company upon any Ground or Pretence whatever, after it shall have ceased to be so entitled.

49. In case any Company which shall not at the Time being be entitled to avail itself of penaitie» in the Provisions of this Act shall issue Mortgage Debentures under, or purporting to be such Event under, the Provisions of this Act, or in case any Company entitled to avail itself of the Provisions of this Act shall at any Time issue Mortgage Debentures for an aggregate Principal Sum exceeding the Limit to which at the Time being they are entitled to issue,

any Person who shall knowingly or wilfully be concerned in such Issue shall in every such Case forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

50. Every Penalty herein-before provided may be sued for and recovered by any Person How penajties whosoever who will sue for the same by Action in any of the Superior Courts of Law in may be re-England or Ireland or Scotland, according as the Offence has been committed in either of covered, those Parts of the United Kingdom, together with full Costs of Suit.

51. No Person, being the Registrar, Assistant Registrar, or other Officer or Servant of Registrar, &c.

the Office of Land Registry, shall be liable to any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding, or any not personally

Claim or Demand, by reason of anything done bona fide by him in the Execution of this Uable (or

J ° ' executing Act.

52. This Act shall not exempt the Company from the Provisions of any Act relating to Not exempt

Joint Stock Companies, and applicable to the Company. from^Jornt

53. In the Construction of this Act all Words meaning or applying to Individuals only j^r^Ition

shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to Corporations also. of Teras. °n

The

380

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act.

FORM (A.)

Form of Return to be made by the Company on Application to Registrar to

register Securities.

Date of Company's Mortgage or other Security, and distinguishing Number of Letter. Nature of Security, whether Mortgage, Grant of Annuity, Rent charge, or other Security. The Amount of Principal Money secured, or, if Rentcharge or Annuity, the Amount and Duration thereof, and the Annual or other Periodical Payment to be mode on account thereof. Tenure, whether Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold. If the Company's Charge is upon any of the Securities comprised in Section 5 (a), set out the Extent and Situation of the Property on which the Mortgage or other Security is charged: if Land, state the Acreage, Parish, and County; if Houses, state the Town, Street, and No., if any, in addition to Parish and County. Nature of the Mortgagors' or Grantors' Interest therein. The Nature and Amount of the Prior Charges thereon (if any); if more than One Charge, set out each Charge separately. If the Company's Charge is upon any of the Securities comprised in Section 5 (6 and c), set out the Nature thereof, the Total Amount of the Principal Money originally advanced by the Company, and the Amount unpaid at the Date hereof, and the Authority, statutable or other, under which the same w issued.

1 i I I l i i j 1

We hereby certify that the above Return is correct.

A.B.

C.D.

FORM (B.)

Form of Surveyor's or Valuer's Declaration.

[Here insert a Copy of the Return to be made by the Company on Application to register Securities, distinguishing each Security by a separate Letter or Number.]

I of do solemnly and sincerely declare, that the

Information above contained with respect to the Security numbered or lettered is, to

the best of my Information and Belief, correct, and that the Value of the Property above described (and, if the Borrower's Interest is of a limited Nature, the Value of the Borrower's Estate and Interest or the Property above described,) exceeds the Amount of £ ,

the Advance made by the Company in respect thereof (if thei'e are prior Charges, and of the prior Charges thereon), to the Extent of One Third at least of such Value.

[A separate Declaration may be made in respect of each Security, and where the Mortgage or Charge is secured exclusively upon any of the Securities comprised in Sec. 5 (b and c), omit from the Word " declare " to the Endy and insert " to the best of my Information and Belief the Security above described, and numbered, is now of the Value of £ ."]

Form

381

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78.

FORM (C.)

Form of Quarterly Return.

Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865.

The First Quarterly Return of the Company, with reference to the 30th

Day of December 1865.

The registered Securities of the Company.

1. Aggregate Securities under Clause 5 — a - 150,000

2. Aggregate Securities under Clause 5 — b - - 20,000

3. Aggregate Securities under Clause 5 — c - 10,000

<£180,000

4. Other Investments (to be specifically enumerated) - 16, 500

5. 40,000 Shares of «£50 each held by registered Holders - - <£2,000,000

Paid up thereon ---- 200,000

Remaining unpaid thereon - <£1, 800,000

Liabilities.

Mortgage Debenture issued and in force.

No. Date. Yearly Rate per Cent, of Interest. Time for Repayment of Principal. Principal Sum secured.

1 August 1, 1865 Four - August 1, 1869 £ 10,000

2 August 1, 1865 Four - August 1, 1869 August 10, 1871 5,000

3 August 10, 1865 Three and Three Quarters 20,000

ami so on. Total - - £

We hereby certify that the above Return is correct.

A.B.

CD.

FORM (D.)

Form of Mortgage Debenture.

The Company.

Mortgage Debenture, No.

By virtue of the Mortgage Debenture Act, 1865, we, the Company,

in consideration of £ paid to us by* A.B. of, do hereby

charge all the registered Securities of the Company with the Payment to the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the Sum of £, and Interest

thereon at the Rate of, which Sum of £ is to be paid and

payable to the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at the [P/ace], on the Day of with Interest on the same at the

Rate of per Cent, per Annum, payable half-yearly, at said Place, on every

28 & 29 Vict. 3 C Day

382

So mnch of Sect. 26. of fit 5 W. 4. c. 76. as requires Parishes in Unions to defray Expenses of their own Poor repealed; and Expenses thenceforth incurred to be charged to the Common Fund.

Guardians in Unions may obtain Orders of Removal in respect of Paupers settled elsewhere.

Guardians may defend and may appeal against Orders of Removal.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 78, 79.

Day of and

undertake to pay said Sum of £ above mentioned.

Given under our Common Seal, this

Countersigned, G.F., Secretary.

Registered

Day of and we hereby

and Interest at the Rate aforesaid, as

Day of

A.B., Director. C.D.y Director.

FORM (E.)

Form of Transfer of Mortgage Debenture.

I A.B. of in consideration of £ [state ti'ue Consideration]

hereby transfer to C.D. of his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the

within Mortgage Debenture.

(Signed) A.B.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to provide for the better Distribution of the Charge for the Relief of the Poor in Unions.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make Provision for the better Distribution of the ' Charge for the Relief of the Poor in Unions than is by Law now established Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L From and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, so much of the Twenty-sixth Section of the Fourth and Fifth William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, as requires that each of the Parishes in a Union formed under the Authority of that Act shall be separately chargeable with and liable to defray the Expense of its own Poor, whether relieved in or out of the Workhouse of such Union, shall be repealed; and all the Cost of the Relief to the Poor, and the Expenses of the Burial of the dead Body of any poor Person under the Direction of the Guardians, or any of their Officers duly authorized, in such Union thenceforth incurred, and all Charges thenceforth incurred by the Guardians of such Union in respect of Vaccination and Registration Fees and Expenses, shall be charged upon the Common Fund thereof.

2. When any Pauper relieved in any such Union shall be settled in any Parish situated in another Union or subject to a Board of Guardians, and shall not be exempt from Removal by reason of any Provision of the Law, the Guardians of the Union to which such Pauper shall be chargeable may obtain an Order of Removal addressed to the Guardians of the Union or Parish, or the Overseers of the Parish, as the Case may require, in which such Pauper shall be settled, and the Guardians of such last-mentioned Union or Parish shall receive such Pauper in like Manner and subject to the like Incidents and Consequences as in the Case of Orders of Removals heretofore obtained by Overseers, with such Modifications as may be necessary to meet the Circumstances of the Chargeability to the Union instead of the Parish.

3. The Guardians obtaining such Order may defend the same, and the Guardians upon whom it shall be made may appeal against the same, in like Manner and with the like Incidents and Consequences as in the Case of Orders obtained or appealed against by Overseers.

Provided

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 79.

Provided that every Appeal now pending may be continued and determined as though

383

this Act had not been passed.

4. Every Notice, Statement, Demand, or other Document required to be given by Signature and any such Guardians in respect of any Order of Removal shall be deemed to be sufficiently Service of authenticated if signed by their Clerk in their Name, and shall be deemed to be duly other Docu-served upon the Guardians to whom it shall be addressed if it be delivered to their Clerk ments. personally, or be left at his Office, or be sent through the Post addressed to him at such Office.

5. For better enabling the Guardians to obtain such Orders of Removal, or to appeal Guardians em-against the same, they may order the Overseers of the Poor, or any Officer or other Person having the Custody of any Books, Papers, Documents, or Writings of or belonging to any paperefrom Parish in their Union, to produce the same, upon reasonable Notice to the Board of the Overseers. Guardians, or to their Clerk or other Person appointed by them, and shall allow Copies or Extracts to be taken therefrom for the Use of such Guardians, without Fee or Reward.

6. Where the Guardians of any Union or Parish shall be satisfied that any Pauper is Guardians may settled within and removable to their Union or Parish, and shall consent under their oS^ereUt Common Seal to receive such Pauper without an Order of Removal, the Guardians seeking thereTs^ to remove such Pauper may do so without any such Order. sent.

7. Any Pauper removed under an Order of Removal obtained by the Guardians of Penalty on any such Union returning to and becoming chargeable to such last-mentioned Union again Paupers re-within the Period of Twelve Months from such Removal, without the Consent of the orderofRe-Guardians thereof, shall be deemed to be an idle and disorderly Person within the Meaning moval.

of the Statute Fifth George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-three, and be liable to be convicted and punished as such.

8. From and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and

sixty-six, the Period of One Year shall be substituted for that of Three Years specified Three Years

in the First Section of the Statute Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth of Victoria, Chapter in Sect. l. of

24 & 25 Vict.

9. The Costs and Expenses lawfully incurred in and about the Prosecution of any Costs of Pro-Person for which the Guardians of the Union may be liable, or which they undertake to pay, under the Fifty-ninth Section of the Seventh and Eighth Victoria, Chapter One Common Fund, hundred and one, shall in all Cases be charged to the Common Fund.

10. For the Purposes of the Burial of any poor Person dying in the Workhouse of any Provision for Union, such Workhouse shall be considered as situated in the Parish in the Union where ^rkhouse*6 such poor Person resided last, previously to his Removal to the Workhouse. ouse '

U, The Poor Law Board shall, as soon as convenient, make all such Orders as may be Poor Law requisite to render the Provisions of this Act applicable to the Proceedings and Accounts of the Guardians of Unions and of Overseers of Parishes comprised therein. Order*!181

12. The Guardians shall distribute the Charges upon the Common Fund during and at Computation of the Close of every Half Year in the Proportions according to which the Orders for the tjj Charges on Contributions to the Common Fund were made upon the several Parishes comprised in such pnd0minon Unions at the Commencement of such Half Year, notwithstanding the Change which may

be made in the Valuation List of any Parish during such Period.

13. Except as herein provided, no Alteration shall be made in respect of the Settlement Saving of

of poor Persons in Parishes. Settlement* in

r other respects.

14. If in any Union or Incorporation for the Relief of the Poor, where the Cost thereof Unions, &c. is not borne by a Common Fund, or where the Common Fund is not calculated upon an ^nder L°cal equal Basis throughout the Union or Incorporation, the Body having under the Constitution toCavaiUhem-of such Union or Incorporation the Management of such Relief shall be desirous of adopting selves of this the Provisions of this Act, such Body may, on a Resolution to that Effect of a Majority at Act *

Two successive Meetings, by Writing under the Hand of the presiding Chairman of the

Calls for Money in advance to be made on the Overseen of the several Parishes.

Interpretation of Terms.

[Short Title.]

Definition of " County " in Lunatic Asylum Acts.

Powers of Justices of such Counties.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 79, 80.

Second of such Meetings, apply to the Poor Law Board to be included in this Act; and upon the Consent of that Board being given under its Seal to such Application, and subject to such Terms and Conditions as that Board may deem requisite, such Union or Incorporation shall be so included from such Time as the said Board shall declare; and such Consent so signified shall be Evidence that such Application was in all respects duly made according to the Provisions above mentioned.

15. When this Act has been adopted by any such Union or Incorporation as aforesaid, and such Adoption has been legally brought into operation in such Union or Incorporation, the Body having the Management of the Relief of the Poor therein shall from Time to Time make Calls in advance for Money for the Relief of such Poor upon the Overseers of the several Parishes therein respectively, on the Basis of an equal Pound Rate on the annual Value of the Property in each Parish rateable to the Relief of the Poor according to the Law in force for the Time being, and shall have the same Powers of enforcing such Calls as they now possess under the Provisions of such Local Act for enforcing Calls or Rates for the Relief of the Poor; and such Overseers shall have the same Powers for making, levying, and enforcing Rates to meet and pay such Calls as they now possess, either under the Provisions of such Local Act or the General Law relating to the making, levying, and enforcing Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

16. The Words herein used shall be interpreted in the Manner prescribed by the Statute of the Fourth and Fifth Years of William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and the subsequent Acts amending or explaining the same, and the Provisions in such Acts which apply to poor Persons rendered chargeable upon the Common Fund by reason of their having become irremovable through the Operation of the Statutes in that Behalf shall apply to all the Poor in the Union hereby rendered chargeable upon the Common Fund.

17. This Act may be cited as "The Union Chargeability Act, 1865."

CAP. LXXX.

An Act to explain and amend " The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," and " The Lunacy Act Amendment Act, 1862," with reference to Counties of Towns which have Courts of Quarter Sessions, but no Recorder.

[29th June 1865.]

WHEREAS by " The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," County is defined to include a

" County of a City or County of a Town, and Borough is defined to mean every

Borough, Town, and City Corporate having a Quarter Sessions, Recorder, and a Clerk of the c Peace: And whereas by " The Lunacy Acts Amendment Act, 1862," it is provided that ' the Word " County " shall not, except in the Case of the City of London, mean a County of a City or County of a Town: And whereas certain Counties of Cities and Counties of ' Towns have Quarter Sessions and Clerks of the Peace, but no Recorders, wherefore the same do not come within the Provisions of "The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," and the i Acts construed as One therewith: And whereas it is expedient to remedy such Defect Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Word " County " in " The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," and the several Acts construed as One therewith, shall be construed to include every County of a City or County of a Town having Quarter Sessions and a Clerk of the Peace, and no Recorder,

2. The Justices of every County of a City or County of a Town having Quarter Sessions and a Clerk of the Peace, and no Recorder, shall have all the Powers and Authorities conferred on or given to the Justices of every Borough not having any Asylum

by

385

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 80, 81.

by Section Seven of "The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," notwithstanding such County of a City or Town may have an Asylum of its own: Provided always, that it shall not be obligatory on any such County of a City or Town to keep up and maintain any such Asylum from and after or during such Time as it shall avail itself of the Provisions of the said Section.

3. This Act shall be construed as One with u The Lunatic Asylum Act, 1853," and several This and re-Acts construed as One therewith, and may be cited for all Purposes as The Lunacy Act £lted

' L be construed

Amendment Act, 1865. together

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to render valid Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Chapel of Ease called Saint James-the-Greater Chapel, Eastbury in the Parish of Lamborne in the County of Berks.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the Church or Chapel known as Saint James-the-Greater in the Tithing or Hamlet of Eastbury in the County of Berks and Diocese of Oxford is a Chapel of

Ease to the Parish Church of Lamborne aforesaid, and was on the Twelfth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three duly consecrated for the Performance of (Divine Service, but no Authority hath ever been given by the Bishop of the said Diocese

or otherwise for the Publication of Banns and Solemnization of Marriages therein: And whereas divers Marriages have nevertheless been solemnized in the said Church or ' Chapel, under an erroneous Impression on the Part of the Minister thereof, that, by (virtue of the Consecration of the said Church or Chapel, or otherwise, Marriages might i be lawfully solemnized therein, and Entries of the said Marriages so solemnized have (from Time to Time been made in the Register Books kept either at the said Church or Chapel or at the Parish Church of Lamborne aforesaid: And whereas it is expedient,

under the Circumstances aforesaid, to remove all Doubts touching the Validity of the ' Marriages so solemnized in the said Church or Chapel Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L All Marriages heretofore solemnized in the said Church or Chapel, by the Officiating Marriages Minister thereof or by any other Clergyman, respectively being duly ordained Ministers of heretofore the Church of England, and the Publication of Banns in such Church or Chapel by such chapdof St Minister or Clergyman, previous to any such Marriages, shall be and be deemed to have James-the-been as good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if

such Marriages had been solemnized and such Publication of Banns had taken place in the ^ose in Lam-Parish Church of Lamborne aforesaid. borne Church.

2. No Minister who has solemnized any of the said Marriages shall be liable to any Minister

Ecclesiastical Censures, or to any other Proceedings or Penalties whatsoever, by reason of officiating not his having so solemnized the same respectively. (>mmre

3. The Registers of the Marriages so solemnized, or Copies of such Registers, shall be Registers of received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages respectively, in

the same Manner as Registers of Marriages in Parish Churches, or Copies thereof, are by v Law receivable in Evidence.

23 & 24 Vict. c. 72.

[Short Title.]

" Church Offices.0

Patronage, &c. of newly formed Benefice, on Endowment of 700/., may be assigned to Contributor.

Certain Provisions of original Act extended to Contracts.

Registration and Effect of Contracts.

Incumbent to have exclusive Cure of Souls.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 82.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to amend "The Endowment and Augmentation of Small Benefices (Ireland) Act, 1860."

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled "Endow- ment and Augmentation of Small Benefices Act (Ireland), 1860," Provision was made for the Augmentation of Small Benefices, and the Acquisition of Patronage thereby; and ' it is expedient that further Facilities should be given for the same Purposes, and that c Provision should also be made authorizing the Payment of Fees for Church Offices ' performed in certain Benefices Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as cc Endowment and Augmentation of Small Benefices Act (Ireland) Amendment Act, 1865," and shall with the said recited Act, herein-after called the original Act, constitute One Act.

2. In the Construction of this Act the Words Church Offices" shall mean Marriages, Burials, and Churchings.

3. The Bishop of the Diocese may, at his absolute Discretion, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal, which shall be filed in the Registry, assign the Right of Patronage of any Benefice formed out of One or more Parishes or Places, and the Nomination of the Incumbent thereof, either in perpetuity or for One or more Nominations, to any Body or Person, or their or his Nominee or Nominees, in consideration of such Body or Person contributing Money or other Property not less in Amount or Value than Seven hundred Pounds, to be invested or secured, according to the Directions of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for Ireland, towards the permanent Endowment of such Benefice, or towards providing a Church or Chapel for the Use of the Inhabitants of the District; and until any such Assignment shall be made, and subject to it when made, the said Right of Patronage and Nomination shall be dealt with according to the Provisions of the Acts of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Queen, Chapter Seventy-two, and the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Queen, Chapter Seventy-two.

4. The Provisions contained in the original Act or this Act for the Endowment and Assignment of the Advowson, Right of Patronage of or Nomination or Presentation to any Benefice, by the Ecclesiastical Person seised thereof, shall extend to a Contract for the like Purposes, whether entered into before or after such Benefice shall be fully constituted, or before or during the building of a Church for any such Benefice, or previous to or after the Consecration thereof, or previous to or after the Appointment of an Incumbent thereto.

5. The Contract shall be by Deed, and be entered in the Registry of the Diocese, and enrolled in the Rolls Office of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and thereupon such Contract, so far as it is in accordance with the Provisions of the original Act and not repugnant thereto, shall be binding upon the Parties to it, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors in Office, and shall without any further Assignment, upon the Fulfilment of the Terms of the Contract and upon the Provisions of the original Act being complied with, absolutely vest the Patronage of the Benefice contracted for in the Nominees of the Person or Persons or Body endowing the same, in such Mode as may be provided by such Contract and be in accordance with the original Act: Provided always, that every such Contract shall, at the Expiration of Six Years from its Date, be null and void, unless in the meantime the Provisions thereof for the Endowment of the Benefice shall have been fully performed.

6. When a Benefice has been endowed and the Patronage thereof vested or assigned under this or the original Act, the Incumbent of such Benefice shall have exclusive Cure of

Souls

387

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 82, 83.

Souls within the same, and where formed out of any other Parish or Place shall not be in anywise subject to the Control or Interference of the Incumbent of the Mother Church of the Parish or Place out of which such Benefice shall be taken.

7. The Money given in the Offertory of the Church of any Benefice of which the A* to Money Patronage has been vested or assigned under this or the original Act, shall be disposed of by the Incumbent and Churchwardens of such Church in the same Manner as the Money given "

at the Offertory in any ancient Parish Church may be disposed of, any Law or Usage for the Payment of the same to a Mother Church notwithstanding.

8. The accustomed Fees for the Performance of Church Offices in any Benefice formed Fees for

out of another Parish or Place the Patronage of which has been acquired under this or the Church OfficCS* original Act, which would be payable for the like Offices had they been performed in the Mother Church of the Parish or Place out of which such Benefice shall have been taken, shall be payable and be paid to the Incumbent of the Benefice, and the several Laws, Statutes, and Customs in force relating to the Publication of Banns of Matrimony and to the Performance of Church Offices, and the registering thereof, and to the suing for and recovering of Fees, Oblations, or Offerings in respect thereof, shall apply to the Church of such Benefice and the Incumbent thereof.

9. Such Fees shall, where the Benefice has been formed out of another Parish or Place, Application belong to the Incumbent of the Mother Church during his Incumbency; and an Account of Fee8,

of such Fees shall be kept by the Incumbent of the Benefice, who is hereby required to

receive and every Six Months pay over the same (or such Proportion thereof as shall be

payable) to the Incumbent of the Mother Church. And from and after the Avoidance oT the original Mother Church next after the Formation of the Benefice such Fees shall belong and be paid to the Incumbent of the Benefice.

10. Where any such Benefice, the Patronage of which is acquired under this or the of

original Act, shall be formed out of more Parishes than One, the Bishop of the Diocese detwmin^Pro-shall, by Writing under his Hand, determine in what Proportion the Fees for Church portion of Fees,

Offices performed in the Benefice, and directed by this Act to be paid over to the &c*in ce*11

Incumbent of the Mother Church, shall be divided between the Incumbents of such Case8' Parishes.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for further regulating the Use of Locomotives on Turnpike and other Roads for agricultural and other Purposes.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS by the " Locomotives Act, 1861," certain Provision was made for 24 & 25 Vict.

« regulating the Use of Locomotives on Turnpike and other Roads, and it is expedient 70#

that further and fuller Provision should be made for that Object Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall not come into operation till the First Day of September One thousand Commence-eight hundred and sixty-five, which Day is herein-after referred to as the Commencement of ment 0 Act the Act, and shall cease and determine on the First of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven.

2. After the Commencement of this Act, and so long as the same shall continue in force, Certain

the Fifth, Ninth, Eleventh, and Fifteenth Sections of the said reoited Act, and all Orders vict

made in pursuance of the said Fifth Section, are hereby repealed. c. 70. repealed.

388

Rules for the Manner of working Locomotives on Turnpike Roads and Highways as herein stated.

Penalty on Non-compliance with Rules.

Limit of Speed of Locomotives on Turnpike Roads and Highways.

Size and Weight of Locomotives which may be used.

Restrictions as to the Use of Steam Engines within 25 Yards of Roads not to apply to Locomotives used for ploughing Purposes.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 83.

3. Every Locomotive propelled by Steam or any other than Animal Power on any Turnpike Road or public Highway shall be worked according to the following Rules and Regulations; viz.

Firstly, at least Three Persons shall be employed to drive or conduct such Locomotive, and if more than Two Waggons or Carriages be attached thereto, an additional Person shall be employed, who shall take charge of such Waggons or Carriages:

Secondly, one of such Persons, while any Locomotive is in Motion, shall precede such Locomotive on Foot by not less than Sixty Yards, and shall carry a Red Flag constantly displayed, and shall warn the Riders and Drivers of Horses of the Approach of such Locomotives, and shall signal the Driver thereof when it shall be necessary to stop, and shall assist Horses, and Carriages drawn by Horses, passing the same;

Thirdly, the Drivers of such Locomotives shall give as much Space as possible for the passing of other Traffic:

Fourthly, the Whistle of such Locomotive shall not be sounded for any Purpose whatever; nor shall the Cylinder Taps be opened within Sight of any Person riding, driving, leading, or in charge of a Horse upon the Road; nor shall the Steam be allowed to attain a Pressure such as to exceed the Limit fixed by the Safety Valve, so that no Steam shall blow off when the Locomotive is upon the Road:

Fifthly, every such Locomotive shall be instantly stopped, on the Person preceding the same, or any other Person with a Horse, or Carriage drawn by a Horse, putting up his Hand as a Signal to require such Locomotive to be stopped:

Sixthly, any Person in charge of any such Locomotive shall provide Two efficient Lights 9 to be affixed conspicuously, One at each Side on the Front of the same, between the Hours of One Hour after Sunset and One Hour before Sunrise:

In the event of a Non-compliance with any of the Provisions of this Section, the Owner of the Locomotive shall, on summary Conviction thereof before Two Justices, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds; but it shall be lawful for such Owner, on proving that he has incurred such Penalty by reason of the Negligence or wilful Default of any Person in charge of or in attendance on such Locomotive, to recover summarily from such Person the whole or any Part of the Penalty he may have incurred as Owner.

4. Subject and without Prejudice to the Regulations herein-after authorized to be made by Local Authorities, it shall not be lawful to drive any such Locomotive along any Turnpike Road or public Highway at a greater Speed than Four Miles an Hour, or through any City, Town, or Village at a greater Speed than Two Miles an Hour; and any Person acting contrary thereto shall for every such Offence, on summary Conviction thereof, forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

5. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, any Locomotive which shall not exceed Nine Feet in Width or Fourteen Tons in Weight may be used on any Turnpike Road or public Highway, provided that the Wheels of such Locomotive be constructed according to the Requirements of the said recited Act; and no Locomotive exceeding Nine Feet in Width or Fourteen Tons in Weight shall be used on any such Road, except subject to the Provisions contained in the Third Section of the said Act as to the Use of Locomotives exceeding Seven Feet in Width and Twelve Tons in Weight.

6. Any Provision in any Act contained prohibiting, under Penalty, the Erection and Use of any Steam Engine, Gin, or other like Machine, or any Machinery attached thereto, within the Distance of Twenty-five Yards from any Part of any Turnpike Road, Highway, Carriageway, or Cartway, unless such Steam Engine, Gin, or other like Engine or Machinery be within some House or other Building, or behind some Wall, Fence, or Screen sufficient to conceal or screen the same from such Turnpike Road, Highway, Carnage way, or Cartway, shall not extend to prohibit the Use of any Locomotive Steam Engine for the Purpose of ploughing within such Distance of any such Turnpike Road, Highway, Carriageway, or Cartway, provided a Person shall be stationed in the Road, and employed to signal the Driver when it shall be necessary to stop, and to assist Horses, and Carriages drawn by Horses, passing the same, and provided the Driver of the Engine do stop in proper Time.

7. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 83. 389

7. The Name and Residence of the Owner of every Locomotive shall be affixed thereto Name, &c. of in a conspicuous Manner. If it is not so affixed the Owner shall, on summary Conviction, ^wnertobeon be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds. °m° ve

8. The following Local Authorities, (that is to say,)

1. In the City of London and Liberties thereof, the Court of the Lord Mayor and

Aldermen;

2. In the Metropolis, as defined by the Act of the Session of the Eighteenth and

Nineteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and twenty (except the City of London), the Metropolitan Board of Works;

3. In any Borough in England the Population of which shall have exceeded Five thousand at the last Census, the Council of the Borough;

4. In any Borough or Town in England the Population of which shall have exceeded

Five thousand at the last Census, not within the Jurisdiction of a Council, but within the Jurisdiction of any Trustees or Improvement Commissioners appointed under any Public or Private Act of Parliament, the Trustees or Commissioners;

5. In any Borough or Town in Scotland the Population of which shall have exceeded

Ten thousand at the last Census, within the Jurisdiction of a Town Council, the Town Council, and in any such Town in Scotland not within the Jurisdiction of a Town Council, but subject to the Jurisdiction of Police Commissioners, or of Trustees exercising under any Public or Private Act of Parliament the Functions of Police Commissioners, the Police Commissioners, or where there are no Police Commissioners, then the Trustees, — may make Orders as to the Hours during which (and as to the Speed, not in any Case \o exceed Two Miles an Hour, at which,) Locomotives are to pass through the City or Place subject to their respective Jurisdictions; and any Person in charge of a Locomotive acting contrary to such Regulations shall, on summary Conviction, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds:

Every Order made in pursuance of this Section shall be reduced into Writing, and shall have affixed thereto the Common Seal of the Local Authority, where they have a Common Seal, and shall be signed by the Members of the Local Authority, or any Two of them, where they have not a Common Seal:

A Copy of such Order shall be affixed to some public Place within the Jurisdiction of the Local Authority, and advertised in some Newspaper circulating within the Jurisdiction of the Local Authority, and the Production of a Newspaper containing such Advertisement shall be Evidence of the Copy having been advertised in pursuance of this Act.

Power to Local Authorities to make Orders as to Hours, &c. Locomotives may pass through Cities, &c.

Penalty on acting contrary to such Orders.

9. For the Purposes of this Act, the County Surveyor of each County in Ireland shall In Ireland the

be deemed to be the Conservator of all the Roads in the County of which he is Surveyor, County Sur-made or repaired by Grand Jury Presentment; and it shall not be lawful to use any a^me^the Locomotive, other than those specially authorized by this Act, on any such Road in any Conservator of County in Ireland, without the Consent in Writing of the County Surveyor thereof, the Roads in approved of by One or more Justices sitting at Petty Sessions; and all Compensation for and Proceed-Damage done by any Locomotive to any Bridge, Gullet, or Arch, or any of the Walls, ings for Buttresses, or Supports thereof, on any such Road in any County in Ireland, shall be

recoverable in the Name of the County Surveyor thereof, for and* on behalf of the County, Name.m 18 from the Party liable to pay the same, such Compensation, if not exceeding Ten Pounds,

to be recovered in a summary Way by Summons at Petty Sessions, and if over Ten Pounds to be recovered by Process in the Civil Bill Court.

10. Every Penalty imposed by the Provisions of this Act shall, in Ireland, be recoverable How Penalties

before a Justice or Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions, subject and according to the to be recovered Provisions of "The Petty Sessions (Ireland) Act, 1851," and any Act amending the same, m

and shall be applied according to the Provisions of "The Fines (Ireland) Act, 1851," and

any Act amending the same.

11. Nothing in this Act contained shall repeal, alter, or in any way affect the Provisions Sect 41. of

of the Forty-first Section of "The Thames Embankment Act, 1862." 25 & 26 Vict.

c. 93. not to

28 & 29 VICT. 3D. 12. Nothing be affected.

Saving as to Actions at Law.

[Short Title.]

23 & 24 Vict. c. 105.

Sect 33. of recited Act repealed, and Provision as to Building Assessment substituted.

Interpretation of Words in Sects. 52. and 77. of recited Act

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 83, 84.

12. Nothing in this Act contained shall authorize any Person to use a Locomotive which may be so constructed or used as to be a public Nuisance at Common Law, and nothing herein contained shall affect the Right of any Person to recover Damages in respect of any Injury he may have sustained in consequence of the Use of a Locomotive.

13. This Act may be cited as "The Locomotives Act, 1865 and "The Locomotives Act, 1861," and this Act, shall be construed together as One Act.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Prisons (Scotland) Administration Act, 1860, and to explain the Fifty-second and Seventy-seventh Sections of the said Act.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the ' Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and five, intituled An Act to

provide for the Management of the General Pi'ison at Perth, and for the Administration of Local Prisons in Scotland, and it is expedient that the said recited Act should be amended Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Thirty-third Section of the said recited Act is hereby repealed, and, instead thereof, be it enacted as follows:

At any Meeting to be held for that Purpose, which may be either the First Meeting of the Board after their Appointment or any other Meeting held not later than the Month of September thereafter, the County Board may impose an Assessment for the Purpose of defraying the Expenses of building, extending, altering, or repairing any Local Prison within the County, or of acquiring Lands for such Purpose; and such Assessment shall be called the Building Assessment: Provided that no such Building Assessment shall exceed the Amount which, as set forth in the Twenty-first Annual Report of the General Board of Directors of Prisons, presented to both Houses of Parliament, was or might legally have been estimated for as a Building Fund before the Commencement of the said recited Act for such County, unless the same shall, in Terms of any Agreement or Minute to that Effect laid before the County Board, be consented to by the Commissioners of Supply of such County on behalf of the Landward Part thereof, and by the Town Councils of Burghs situated therein entitled to choose Members of the County Prison Board, on behalf of their respective Burghs, and it shall appear that the Persons on whose Behalf such Consent has been given shall have contributed or been liable to contribute not less than Three Fourths of the Assessments imposed on such County and the Burghs situated therein; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Supply of each County and the Magistrates of each Burgh respectively to assess and levy such Building Assessment by Instalments over any Number of Years not exceeding Twenty Years, and to borrow Money on the Security of such Assessment, and to assign such Assessment in Security thereof.

2, The Words " Sheriff Principal of the County of Perth " in the Fifty-second Section of the recited Act mean and shall be held to mean the Sheriff of the said County; and in construing the Seventy-seventh Section of the said recited Act the Expression " Lands adjoining" shall be deemed to include "Lands adjacent," and the Expression "enlarging" shall be deemed to include " improving " or " isolating."

391

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 85.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Procurators in Scotland.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the Number of Procurators practising before the Inferior Courts in ' Scotland has of late Years greatly increased, and the Interests entrusted to the

Care of such Procurators have risen in Importance: And whereas it is desirable to improve the Qualifications and Standing of the Members of that Branch of the legal ' Profession, and to regulate the Mode of admitting them to Practice, and to confer corporate Powers on certain Faculties and Societies:5 Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The following Words and Expressions when used in this Act shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or Context inconsistent with or repugnant to such Construction; that is to say,

"Inferior Court" shall embrace Sheriff Courts, Commissary Courts, Burgh Courts, Admiralty Courts, Dean of Guild Courts, Justice of Peace Courts, and all other Courts of Law having only local Jurisdiction in Scotland:

"Procurators" shall include all Persons who have already been admitted as Procurators in any Sheriff Court in Scotland\ or as Members of the Incorporated Society of Writers in Dundee, or who shall hereafter be admitted as Procurators under this Act: " Sheriff" shall include Steward, but not Sheriff Substitute or Steward Substitute:

" Sheriff Clerk 55 shall mean Sheriff Clerk Depute as well as Sheriff Clerk, and shall include Steward Clerk and Steward Clerk Depute:

" County " shall include Stewartry.

2. No Person shall hereafter act or practise as a Procurator before any Inferior Court, or assume the Name or Title of Procurator, unless prior to the passing of this Act he shall have been duly admitted a Procurator, or unless subsequently to the passing of this Act he shall be admitted a Procurator pursuant to the Directions and Regulations of this Act.

3. From and after the passing of "this Act, the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes and their Officers shall, previous to issuing any stamped Certificate to any Person applying for the same who has not previously had issued to him a like Certificate, require Evidence that such Person is either a Writer to the Signet, or a Solicitor before the Supreme Courts, or a Notary Public, or that he has been admitted a Procurator.

4. No Person shall hereafter be deemed admissible as a Procurator unless he shall be of the full Age of Twenty-one Years, and shall have been bound under an Indenture in Writing to serve, except as herein-after provided, at least Four Years as an Apprentice to a Master declared by this Act to be competent, and shall have duly served his said Apprenticeship by personal Attendance in the Office of such Master or in the Office of some other Master to whom his Indenture may have been transferred, as herein-after provided, and unless he shall have been reported qualified for Admission after an Entrance Examination in manner herein-after specified: Provided always, that any Person who may before the passing of this Act have served, or may be at the Date thereof in course of serving, an Apprenticeship for a shorter Term than Four Years, in such Form as would have qualified him for Admission under the Provisions of the Act of Sederunt of the Lords of Council and Session, dated Tenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine. Chapter Five, shall be deemed admissible, in so far as regards Apprenticeship, if he have served or shall serve, either as an Apprentice or Clerk to the same or some other competent Master, such further Term as may be sufficient along with his previous Service to complete the full Term of Four Years, and if he shall have been reported qualified as aforesaid, and such Service may be instructed by a Certificate under the Hand of such Master, or otherwise, as herein-after provided.

3 D 2 5. Provided

Interpretation of Terms.

No Person to act as a Procurator unless admitted pursuant to this Act.

Commissioners of Stamps not to issue Certificates except to qualified Persons.

Requisites to entitle Persons to be admitted.

392 28" & 29" VICTORIA, c. 85.

Requisites restricted in certain Cases.

Who shall be deemed a competent Master.

Provision in case Master of Persons entering into Apprenticeship, &c. dies.

One Year of Indenture under Procurator may be commuted into Clerkship.

Indentures to be recorded and Service to be certified.

Agreements to serve as Clerk must be in Writing and proved.

Admission and

Entrance

Examination.

5. Provided also, That any Person who shall have taken a Degree in Arts in any One of the Universities of Great Britain or Ireland, or who shall be a Member of any of the Councils of the Scottish Universities, shall be deemed admissible as a Procurator, in so far as regards Apprenticeship, if he shall have served an Apprenticeship under Indenture as aforesaid for the shorter Period of Three Years, and such Person shall not be obliged as a Part of his Entrance Examination to undergo an Examination in general Knowledge.

6. In reference to all Apprenticeships and Clerkships to be entered into in Terms of this Act, any Writer to the Signet or Solicitor before the Supreme Courts, or Procurator or Sheriff Clerk, shall be deemed a competent Master in the Case of a Person seeking to qualify himself as a Procurator.

7. In case any Master with whom any Person shall have entered into any Apprenticeship or Clerkship as aforesaid shall, during the Currency of the Term of such Apprenticeship or Clerkship, die or become bankrupt, or cease to practise, or be unable to continue to employ such Apprentice or Clerk, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff of the County or Sheriff Substitute of the County, Ward, District, or Division in which such Apprenticeship or Clerkship is being served, upon the Application of such Apprentice or Clerk, as the Case may be, to direct the Indenture or Agreement of Clerkship to be discharged, or to authorize the Term of Service to be completed with any other Master declared competent by this Act and named in such Application, without Prejudice to the voluntary Transfer of any Apprenticeship or Clerkship to a competent Master mutually agreed upon, and made in Writing.

8. Any Apprentice who, either before or after the passing of this Act, has entered into an Indenture for any Period exceeding Three Years, and who may be desirous of making himself acquainted with the Forms of Procedure in the Supreme Courts, or with the Mode of conducting Business in any County other than that in which he has bound himself to serve, may, in lieu of the last Year of his said Apprenticeship, with the Consent of his Master, substitute a Term of Service as Clerk for not less than One Year with a Writer to the Signet or Solicitor before the Supreme Courts, or with a Procurator practising in such other County, which Service as Clerk shall be equally effectual for the Purpose of Admission as if such Apprentice had completed the full Term of his Apprenticeship.

9. All Indentures which shall after the passing of this Act be entered into with the Intention of qualifying the Apprentice for Admission in Terms of this Act shall be recorded in the Register of Probative Writs of the County where the, same shall have been entered into, within Six Months from the Date fixed therein for the Commencement of the Term of Apprenticeship, and upon the Expiration thereof such Indenture, with a Certificate endorsed thereon, under the Hand of the Master with whom such Apprenticeship was completed, setting forth that the Party has actually and bona fide served the Apprenticeship set forth in the Application for Admission as required by this Act, may be received as Evidence of such Apprenticeship having been duly served.

10. No Service as Clerk, in Terms and for the Purposes of this Act, entered into after the passing thereof, shall be held a Qualification for Admission as aforesaid, unless the Agreement to serve as Clerk for a specified Time shall be entered into in Writing before the Commencement of Service; and the Production of a written Agreement, with a Certificate under the Hand of the Master of the Time having been actually and bona fide served by personal Attendance in his Office, may be received as Evidence of Service; provided that in case of the Death or Incapacity of the Master the Sheriff shall be entitled to receive such other Evidence of Service of Apprenticeship or Clerkship as shall seem to him reasonable and satisfactory.

11. The Admission of Procurators shall as heretofore proceed on the Application of any duly qualified Person to the Sheriff of the County within which he wishes to practise; but such Applicant shall prior to Admission, except as herein-after provided, undergo an Entrance Examination in regard both to general Knowledge and to Law, and legal Training and Practice, on a Remit made by the Sheriff to the Examiners herein-after mentioned, and no further Procedure shall be had on such Application until the Applicant- shall have been

reported

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 85. 393

reported by the Examiners qualified for Admission: Provided always, that no Entrance Examination shall be required if the Applicant for Admission be a Writer to the Signet, or a Solicitor before the Supreme Courts, or hold a Degree of Bachelor of Laws granted by a Scottish University after the Twelfth Day of July Eighteen hundred and sixty-two; nor shall the Provisions of this Act in regard to the Term of Service apply to, nor shall any Entrance Examination in general Knowledge be required from, any Person who is under Indenture at the passing of this Act, or who may have completed the Term of Apprenticeship prior to the passing of this Act; provided also, that the Sheriff* of any County to whom an Application for Admission shall be made by any Person who has been already admitted a Procurator in another Sheriff Court shall be entitled to admit the said Person, and also to dispense with such Entrance Examination, if he shall see fit, after hearing the Incorporated Faculty or Society of Procurators practising in the County, Ward,

District, or Division in which such Application is made.

12. On the Production of the Certificate of Apprenticeship or of Apprenticeship and Mode of Ad-Clerkship, as herein-before provided, and of a Certificate under the Hands of the Examiners "h011-

of the Applicant being duly qualified in regard both to general Knowledge and to Law and legal Training, or of written Evidence that the Applicant falls within some of the Exceptions herein-before contained, the Sheriff may, unless he see Cause to the contrary, admit the Applicant as a Procurator in his Court, and such Admission shall qualify the Person admitted to practise therein, and in all the other Inferior Courts held within the County; provided that where the Mode of admitting Procurators in any County is regulated by Royal Charter conferring exclusive Privileges on any Faculty or Society of Procurators practising in such County, or by any Usage following thereon, such Mode of Admission shall not be altered by anything in this Act contained without the express Consent of such Faculty or Society.

13. The Sheriff Clerk of each County, or of each Ward, District, or Division, when a Names of Tro-County is so divided, shall keep a Register in a separate Book, to be called the " Register cur?t"^> of Procurators, '' in which he shall insert the Names of all such Persons then in Life as may regls re have been duly admitted Procurators before the Sheriff Court of such County, Ward,

District, or Division prior to the passing of this Act, and shall arrange such Names in the Order of the Dates of Admission of such Persons respectively, and likewise of every Person who shall subsequently to the passing of this Act be admitted a Procurator before such Court, pursuant to the Directions and Regulations herein contained, specifying in the Register the Date of such Admission, and shall, as Occasion requires, make the Alterations on said Register rendered necessary by Death or otherwise, and said Register shall be patent to all the Lieges, and an Extract therefrom subscribed by the Sheriff Clerk, certifying the Admission of any Procurator, and specifying the Date thereof, and for which Extract a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be payable, shall be sufficient Evidence of the Facts therein set forth.

14. In any County, Ward, District, or Division of a County in which there does not at Procurators the Date of the passing of this Act exist an Incorporated Faculty or Society of Procurators,

it shall be lawful for the Procurators of such County, Ward, District, or Division, provided NumbeTisTcn their Number exceeds Ten, voluntarily to form themselves into a Society, by the Assent or upwards, given in Writing of at least Three Fourths of their Number, and on such Writing being recorded in the Court Books of the County, District, Division, or Ward, such Society shall ipso facto be held to be incorporated under such Name or Title as shall in such Writing be fixed, and shall include all the Procurators of such County, Ward, District, or Division, and thereafter such Faculty or Society shall have Power in its corporate Name to sue and be sued, and to acquire, hold, and transfer Property, heritable and moveable, and also from Time to Time to adopt such Constitution and Byelaws for the Management of the Affairs of the Society as the Sheriff of such County, Ward, District, or Division shall, on Application made to him* approve of, and shall possess such other Powers as by Law belong to an Incorporation.

15. In the event of the Number of Procurators in any County, Ward, District, or How to be in-Division being less than Ten but more than Three, it shall be competent to them, or to Number

not w 611 m

394

less than Ten.

Powers of incorporated Faculties and Societies.

General

Council.

General Council to meet and frame Byelaws.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 85.

not less than Three-Fourths of their Number, by their Assent given in Writing, to combine with the Procurators in any One or more Counties, Wards, Districts, or Divisions, to form themselves into a Society of Procurators under this Act, provided the aggregate of the whole shall be at least Ten; and on such Assent being given in Writing, and recorded in the Court Books of each of the said Counties, Wards, Districts, or Divisions, such Society shall in all respects, for the Purposes of this Act, be entitled to the same corporate Powers and Privileges as any other Society formed under this Act; or otherwise, in the event of no such Combination, the Procurators of any County, Ward, District, or Division whose Number is less than Ten shall be entitled individually to become Members of the Society of Procurators formed in any other County, Ward, District, or Division, in Terms of this Act, and who shall be willing to receive them, and they shall on being duly admitted become Members of said Society; Provided always, that in case of the Procurators in Two or more Counties combining to form a Society as aforesaid, the Sheriff of the County having the largest Number of Procurators at the Time such Society is formed shall alone exercise the Functions which are conferred on Sheriffs by this Act in relation to such Societies.

16. Every Faculty or Society of Procurators already incorporated, or which shall after the passing of this Act be incorporated, in Terms thereof, shall from Time to Time, subject to the Approval of the Sheriff, issue Regulations for the preliminary Examination in the Elements of general Knowledge of Persons desirous of entering into Indentures of Apprenticeship with any Procurator of their Court or the Sheriff's Clerk, and without such Examination, and the Person undergoing the same being reported qualified, such Indenture shall be of no Force or Effect for the Purpose of Admission as aforesaid; and such Society may also, if it sees fit, subject in like Manner to the Approval of the Sheriff, impose a Curriculum of legal Study on the Apprentices serving their Time to the Members of such Faculty or Society, and may institute compulsory Examinations in Law and in legal Training and Practice of such Apprentices at the End of the Second, Third, and Fourth Years of their Apprenticeship, under such Regulations as to extending the Period of Apprenticeship, in case of Failure satisfactorily to undergo such Examinations, as may be established by and under Authority of the General Council herein-after appointed; and any Society hereafter to be incorporated may establish a Fund for the Benefit of indigent Members and of the Widows and Children of Members, and provide for the Use of the Members of the Society a Law Library, to be managed in such Manner as may be settled by the Byelaws, and for these and other Purposes may exact Payment of such Entrance Fees from Parties applying to be admitted as Procurators, and such annual Contribution from each Member of the Society, as may from Time to Time be fixed by the Society, and be approved of by the Sheriff as aforesaid; and in Counties where no such Society exists it shall be in the Power of the Sheriff to order and enforce the preliminary and intermediate Examinations aforesaid.

17. The Dean, President, or other chief Office Bearer of each of the several Faculties or Societies of Procurators already incorporated, or which shall after the passing of this Act be incorporated, in Terms thereof, or in his Absence the Sub-Dean, Vice President, or other Member of such Faculty or Society elected to act in his Place, shall form a General Council of Procurators for the Purpose of exercising the Powers conferred upon them by this Act, and shall meet at least once in each Year at such Time and Place as may be fixed in manner herein-after provided, any Five Members of such General Council being a Quorum.

18. The First Meeting of such General Council shall be held at Edinburgh on Monday the Thirtieth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, at One o'Clock, within the Sheriff Court-house, and the Members present, after choosing an interim Chairman, shall appoint a Committee of their Number to frame a Draft of the Byelaws herein-after mentioned, with Instructions to report such Draft to an adjourned Meeting, to be held at a Time and Place to be then fixed; and it shall be lawful for such adjourned Meeting, or any other Meeting held by Adjournment, to adopt the said Byelaws, with or without Amendments,

19. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 85.

19. The Byelaws to be so framed and adopted shall provide for the yearly Appointment of Office Bearers, and in particular of a President, and for the Time and Place of all Meetings of the General Council and Office Bearers, and for the Mode of calling the same, and for all other Regulations necessary for beneficially transacting the Business committed to the General Council by this Act, and for the future Amendment of such Byelaws, if necessary.

20. The General Council shall prescribe a Curriculum of legal Study for Persons intending to apply for Admission as Procurators, and shall by themselves, or by One or more Committees of their Number, and with such Assistance as the Council may see fit to appoint, act as Examiners of Persons applying for Admission as Procurators, and shall as soon as may be after the passing of this Act frame Regulations as to the Subjects both in general Knowledge and Law, and legal Training and Practice, in which ail Persons applying for Admission after a certain Date to be therein fixed shall be examined as hereinbefore provided, in order to ascertain that they are in these respects qualified for Admission, and also Regulations as to extending the Period of Apprenticeship of Apprentices failing to undergo satisfactorily the compulsory Examinations herein-before provided, and may, if need be, vary such Curriculum and Regulations to suit the peculiar Circumstances of any County, and may ako from Time to Time thereafter alter and amend such Regulations respectively.

21. The Curriculum, Regulations, and Byelaws to be framed by the General Council as aforesaid, or any future Alterations or Amendments thereof, shall be of no Force or Effect unless the same have been submitted to the Sheriffs of Scotland convened as directed by the Act First and Second Victoria, Chapter One hundred and nineteen, Section Thirty-two, and reported on by the Meeting so convened, or any adjourned Meeting of the Sheriffs, to the Lord President of the Court of Session, the Lord Justice Clerk, and the other Judges of the Court of Session, and have been approved of by them, and until the said Regulations are so approved of the Rules in operation in each County, Ward, or District for the Examination of Persons applying for Admission shall continue in force.

22. The General Council shall also from Time to Time fix the Times and Places at which such Examinations may most conveniently be conducted, and shall also, subject to the Approval aforesaid, fix the Fees to be paid by the Applicants to defray the Expense of such Examinations and the Application of the Fees so paid.

23. The General Council may, from Time to Time, exact such Contributions from the various Faculties and Societies already incorporated, or to be incorporated under this Act, as shall be required for the necessary Expenditure of the General Council and Office Bearers thereof, and that as nearly as may be in proportion to the Numbers of Members of such Faculties or Societies, and may recover Payment of such Contributions by Action at Law, to be brought in Name of their President or of any of their Office Bearers whom they may appoint for that Purpose, an Account of which Contributions and Expenditure shall be made up annually, and Copies transmitted to the Dean, President, or other chief Officer of every such Faculty or Society.

24. No Person who has been admitted a Procurator in Terms of this Act shall be liable to have his Admission challenged or set aside on any Ground except Fraud; reserving, nevertheless, to and empowering the Sheriff of each County, Ward, District, or Division as aforesaid, on a written Complaint made and Cause shown to him by any incorporated Faculty or Society of Procurators practising in his Court, and where there is no such Faculty or Society then by any Three or more Procurators practising in such Court, to call before him, on Six Days Induciae, and thereafter, whether with or without Compearance, to suspend from Practice, or to strike off the Register, the Name of any Procurator registered in his Court whom he may deem guilty of gross Misconduct, which Sentence shall contain within itself a Statement of the Facts and Grounds on which it proceeded, and shall be subject to Review and Stay of Execution only by Petition of Appeal, to be presented, within Six Months from the Date of such Sentence, to the Inner House of the Court of

Session

395

Office Bearers and Time and Place of future Meetings to be appointed.

Power to General Council to prescribe a Curriculum of legal Study, and frame Regulations as to Sutyects, &c.

Such Regulations to be submitted to Sheriffs convened as by 1 & 2 Vict. c. 119. and approved by Lord President, &c.

General Council to fix Time and Place and Fees of Examinations.

Expenses of General Council how to be provided for.

How Procurator may be suspended from Practice or struck off Register.

396

Power to Procurators to complain to the Sheriff of unqualified Procurators. Penalty on Procurator lending his Name to unqualified Persons.

Effects of Sheriff's Sentence.

Nothing to prejudice Privileges of certain public Bodies.

Power to Faculty, &c. to make Byelaws, and to alter its Name.

Saving Bights of certain Persons.

Saving Bights of Notaries Public.

-Short Title.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 85.

Session sitting in either Division, who may hear any Person interested thereon, and may confirm or reverse the Sentence of the Sheriff, with or without further Inquiry, without Prejudice to the Sheriff and Sheriff Substitute exercising all Powers competent to them at Common Law in such Matters.

25. Any Procurator shall be entitled to complain to the Sheriff in whose Court he is entitled to practise against any Person practising in such Court who is not a Procurator thereof; and the Sheriff shall, on such Complaint being proved to his Satisfaction, interdict such Person from Practice; and any Procurator who shall knowingly and wilfully lend his Name to enable any Person who is not a Procurator to practise as such may, on a Complaint made as aforesaid, be summarily suspended from Practice or struck off the Register, and the Sentence of the Sheriff in either Case shall be subject to Review and Stay of Execution only in manner foresaid.

26. The Sentence of any Sheriff striking a Procurator off the Register shall entitle any incorporated Faculty or Society as aforesaid of which he is a Member to expel him from the Body, and he shall thereupon forfeit all his Rights and Privileges as a Member thereof, except his Right to a Share of any Fund for behoof of Widows or Children: Provided that during the Period allowed for Appeal as aforesaid, and during the Dependence of such Appeal, the Party against whom the Sheriff's Sentence shall stand shall be disabled from exercising any of the Rights, Functions, and Privileges of a Procurator.

27. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held to limit or prejudice the Rights and Privileges of the following public Bodies; that is to say, the Society of Writers to Her Majesty's Signet, the Society of Solicitors in the Supreme Courts, the Society of Solicitors at Law, Edinburgh, the Faculty of Procurators in Glasgow, the Faculty of Procurators in Paisley, or the Society of Advocates in Aberdeen, or any other such Faculty or Society holding a Royal Charter: Provided always, that it shall be competent to any Faculty or Society of Procurators incorporated before the passing of this Act, notwithstanding the Terms of their Charter, to pass such Byelaws as may be necessary to assimilate, in whole or m part, the Conditions and Mode of Admission to the Privileges of their Incorporation to the Provisions of this Act; provided also, that it shall be competent to any such Faculty or Society of Procurators, if they shall so desire, by the Assent given in Writing of at least Three Fourths of the Members registered as herein-before provided, and on the Register at the Time, to alter its Name or Title without Prejudice to its existing Powers and Privileges.

28. Nothing in this Act contained shall be held to repeal the Privileges conferred by

former Acts of Parliament on Persons who may be qualified to practise as Agents in the Court of Session of practising in certain Cases before the Sheriff Courts of Scotland, or to prejudice or affect the Rights or Privileges of any Person appointed to be Solicitor or Attorney 6n behalf of Her Majesty, under the Orders or Directions of the Commissioners of the Treasury, Customs, Inland Revenue, or under the Orders or Directions of any Commissioners or other Persons or Person having the Management of any other Branch of Her Majesty's Revenue for the Time being, or under the Authority of any Act of Parliament, or of any Person now holding or who may hereafter be appointed to the Office of Procurator Fiscal in any Inferior Court.

29. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice the Rights and Privileges of Notaries Public, or affect the Manner of their Admission to Office.

30. This Act may be cited as " The Procurators (Scotland) Act, 1865."

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 86, 87. 397

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to amend the Law of Partnership.

865T1 *3>*+3>

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to Partnership: Be it there- /

fore enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and" Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament/^JP^j^ assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows: i

Lender not a Partner by advancing Money for Share of Profits.

Remuneration of Agents, &c. by Profits not to make them Partners.

1. The Advance of Money by way of Loan to a Person engaged 6r about to engage in any Trade or Undertaking upon a Contract in Writing with such Person that the Lender shall receive a, Hate of Interest varying with the Profits, or shall receive a Share of the Profits arising from carrying on such Trade or Undertaking, shall not, of itself, constitute the Lender a Partner with the Person or the Persons carrying on such Trade or Undertaking, or render him responsible as such.

2. No Contract for the Remuneration of a Servant or Agent of any Person engaged in any Trade or Undertaking by a Share of the Profits of such Trade or Undertaking shall, of itself, render such Servant or Agent responsible as a Partner therein, nor give him the Rights of a Partner.

3. No Person being the Widow or Child of the deceased Partner of a Trader, and Certain receiving by way of Annuity a Portion of the Profits made by such Trader in his Business,

shall* by reason only of such Receipt, be deemed to be a Partner of or to be subject to any partne^me Liabilities incurred by such Trader.

4. No Person receivings by way of Annuity or otherwise a Portion of the Profits of any Business, in consideration of the Sale by him of the Goodwill of such Business, shall, by reaso# only of such Receipt, be deemed to be a Partner of or be subject to the Liabilities of the Person carrying on such Business.

5. In the event of any such Trader as aforesaid being adjudged a Bankrupt, or taking the Benefit of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or entering into an Arrangement to pay his Creditors less than Twenty Shillings in the Pound, or dying in insolvent Circumstances, the Lender of any such Loan as aforesaid shall not be entitled to recover any Portion of his Principal, or of the Profits or Interest payable in respect of such Loan, nor shall any such Vendor of a Goodwill as aforesaid be entitled to recover any such Profits as aforesaid until the Claims of the other Creditors of the said Trader for valuable Consideration in Money or Money's Worth have been satisfied.

6. In the Construction of this Act the Word "Person" shall include a Partnership Firm, a Joint Stock Company, and a Corporation.

Receipt of Profits, &c. not to make the Seller a Part-

in case of Bankruptcy, &c., Lender not to rank with other Creditors.

Interpretation of " Person.* '

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to enable Her Majesty's Postmaster General to acquire a Site*for the Extension of the General Post Office in St. Martin's-le- Orand in the City of London.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the General Post Office situate in the Street called St. Martin*s-le-Grand

in the City of London affords inadequate Accommodation for the Purposes of the ' Public Service, and it is expedient that additional Buildings should be erected for such Purposes on Land situate in the City of London, to be acquired and appropriated by Her Majesty's Postmaster General as herein-after mentioned: And whereas Maps or Plans

describing the Lands to be acquired by Her Majesty's Postmaster General under the Authority of this Act, with a Book of Reference to the same Plans containing the Names

of the Owners or reputed Owners, Lessees or reputed Lessees, and Occupiers of the same ' Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the City of London,

28 & 29 Vict. 3 E ' and

398

[Short Title.]

Power to purchase Laud.

Power to stop up Streets within Boundary of Land purchased.

Power to pull down Buildings on Land purchased, and build others.

Power to raise and lower StreetB.

Lands may be taken notwithstanding Errors in Book of Reference.

Power to Postmaster General to enter Lands for the Purpose of surveying.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

and the same are herein-after referred to as the deposited Plans and Book of Reference May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Post Office Extension Act, 1865."

2. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Postmaster General and he is hereby authorized, out of any Monies which have been or which may from Time to Time be appropriated by Parliament and put at his Disposal for that Purpose, to purchase for the Purposes of this Act the whole or such Parts as he shall think fit of the Lands in the Parishes of Christ-church, Saint Ann and Agnes, Saint John Zachary, Saint Vedast Foster, Saint Michael-le-Queme, and Saint Leonard, Foster Lane, in the City of London, shown on the deposited Plans, and specified in the deposited Book of Reference, except the Streets therein described as Saint Martin's-le-Grand, Newgate Street, Bath Street, and Angel Street, and except that Portion lately thrown into Newgate Street and now forming Part of the same, and all Lands so purchased shall be vested in and held by Her Majesty's Postmaster General (in his corporate Capacity) and his Successors in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors.

3. From and after the Time of the Purchase of such Lands it shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Postmaster General to stop up and appropriate for the Purposes of this Act all Ways, Paths, Streets, Passages, and public Places situate within the outward Boundaries of the Lands herein-before^uthorized to be purchased by him as aforesaid; and the Ground and Soil of all such Ways, Paths, Streets, Passages, and public Places, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall be vested in Her Majesty's Postmaster General (in his corporate Capacity) and his Successors in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors: Provided always, that no Part of Bath Street, Newgate Street, St. Martin s-le-Grand, or Angel Street as they now exist shall be stopped up.

4. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Postmaster General to pull down and remove all Buildings now being on the Lands to be purchased by him under the Authority of this Act, and to appropriate all Lands which are or shall be vested in him by or under the Authority of this Act as a Site for the Erection of Buildings for the Public Service, and for the Formation of convenient Approaches to such Buildings, and thereon to construct such Buildings and Works, and do all such other things, as in his Opinion shall be necessary or expedient in order to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act, or any of them.

5. Her Majesty's Postmaster General is hereby empowered, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of London, but not otherwise, to raise or lower the Ground of any Streets or Ways which shall communicate with the Buildings so to be erected as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, making such Compensation to the Owners of Houses or other Property injured by such Alterations as shall be agreed on between the Parties, or failing Agreement as shall be determined in the Manner provided by " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

6. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Postmaster General to purchase, take, and use for the Purposes of this Act any Lands, except as aforesaid, purporting to be delineated on the said deposited Plans as intended to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, although such Lands, or the Name or Names of the Owner, Lessee, or Occupier thereof, may happen to be erroneously stated in or may be omitted from the said deposited Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more of the Aldermen of the City of London, and be certified under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake or erroneous Information.

7. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty's Postmaster General, and for his Surveyors, Officers, and Workmen, at all reasonable Times in the Daytime, upon giving for the First Time Twenty-four Hours and afterwards from Time to Time Twelve Hours previous Notice, to enter into and upon all or any of the Lands authorized to be taken and used as aforesaid for the Purpose of surveying or valuing the same.

8. When

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 87. 399

8. When any of the Works to be executed by virtue of this Act shall pass over, under. For the Pro-or pass by the Side of, so as to damage or interfere with, any Sewer, Drain, Watercourse, tection of Defence, or Work under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers of the City of cityo"London. London, or with any Sewers or Works to be made or executed by the said Commissioners, such Works so to be executed by the Postmaster General in pursuance of this Act shall be so carried out under the following Conditions:

(1.) Before commencing such Work Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall give the Engineer or Surveyor of the said Commissioners Twenty-eight Days Notice in Writing of his Intention to commence such Works; and with such Notice shall be left a Plan and Section showing the Course and Inclination of such proposed Works:

(2.) In case the Commissioners of Sewers shall require any Alteration to be made therein they shall give, before the Expiration of the said Twenty-eight Days,

Twenty-eight Days written Notice of such Requirement to Her Majesty's Postmaster General; and the Postmaster General shall, subject to the Provisions herein-after stated with respect to Arbitration, comply therewith:

(3,) The Alterations so required by the said Commissioners shall be executed by or under the Superintendence and Control of the Engineer or Surveyor or other Officer of the said Commissioners:

(4.) All reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expenses which the said Commissioners may be put to or incur in the Execution of such Alterations shall be paid to the said Commissioners by Her Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being;

(5.) In case of Disputes between Her Majesty's PostmaAr General and the said Commissioners of Sewers either as to the Alterations required by such Commissioners, or as to the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of such Alterations, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, the same shall be settled by an Arbitrator to be agreed upon by Her Majesty's Postmaster General and the said Commissioners of Sewers, or failing such Agreement by an Arbitrator to be appointed by the Board of Trade:

(6.) Any Works, whether altered o* substituted, or any Defence connected with such Works, whether altered or substituted, shall be as fully and completely under the Jurisdiction and Control of the said Commissioners as any Sewers or Works now are,

9. Any Land abutting on Newgate Street which Her Majesty's Postmaster General New Buildings may acquire under this Act shall not be built on beyond the Line laid down by the Commissioners of Sewers in the Improvements they have recently made in that Street, but certain^Line^ the Postmaster General shall be compensated for any Land he may have purchased or Newgate taken under the Provisions of this Act between the present Line of the Buildings num- Street bered 19 to 23 on the deposited Plan and the Line so laid down by such Commissioners; the

Amount of such Compensation to be agreed upon between the Parties, or failing Agreement to be determined in the Manner provided by the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845; provided that such Compensation shall be estimated on the Land alone, apart from any Buildings which may be or may have been thereon.

10. If the Postmaster General shall at any Time purchase or require under the Pro- Bath street to

visions of this Act the Lands or Buildings numbered 14 and 16 on the deposited Plan he be continued shall, at the Expense of the Post Office, continue Bath Street until it forms a Junction with ^derga certain Angel Street, and such Continuation shall not be less than Twenty Feet in Width. Contingency.

1L Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall not break up or disturb any Street or For the Pro-Place, or the Pavement thereof, under the Control or Direction of the Commissioners of g^ets or the Sewers of the City of London, unless at least Twenty-eight Days previous Notice in Writing city of Lon-of his Intention so to do, specifying the Street, Place, or Pavement intended to be don. broken up or disturbed, be given to the Engineer or Surveyor of such Commissioners, or left for him at his Office or at the Office of such Commissioners, and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall attend to the Directions of such Engineer or Surveyor with a view to secure a free Passage of Traffic in such Streets and Places, and to prevent needless

r

400 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

Injury to the Street, and shall not open more of such Streets or Places at one Time than such Engineer or Surveyor shall in Writing authorize; and when Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall break up or disturb any such Street, Place, or Pavement, he shall so soon as the Works affecting it are completed, and at the furthest within Three Months, or such extended Period as may be agreed upon between Her Majesty's Postmaster General and such Commissioners, from the Day on which those Works were begun, restore the Street, Place, or Pavement to as good a Condition as it was in when it was broken up or disturbed under the Superintendence and to the reasonable Satisfaction of the Engineer or Surveyor of the Commissioners, and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall save harmless and keep indemnified the said Commissioners and their Successors against any Expenses consequent on any such Works: Provided always, that in the event of Difference arising between Her Majesty's Postmaster General and the Commissioners as to any Matter or Thing in this Clause contained, the same shall be determined by an Arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon, or failing such Agreement by an Arbitrator to be named by the Board of Trade.

Lands pur- 12. All Lands purchased by Her Majesty's Postmaster General in pursuance of this tin^esubject tto Act which were at the Time of such Purchase subject to Land Tax, to Poor or other Land Tax and Bates, shall continue liable thereto, but they shall not be assessed to any Tax or Rate at Rates. a higher rateable Value than that at which they were assessed at the Time of the passing

of this Act.

Postmaster 13. Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall pay an annual Sum to each of the herein-toCRicumbents a^ter ment^one(^ Persons; that is to say, the Rectors or Incumbents of the Parishes of herein named Christchurch, Saint Ann and Agnes, Saint John Zachary, Saint Vedast Foster, Saint Michael-

Compensation le-Queme, and Saint Leonard, Foster Laney by way of Compensation for the Loss of EaaterSOffer su°k ues> Oblations, Surplice Fees, or other customary Payments that may

. er' be taken away in consequence of carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act; such

Payments shall be made half-yearly on the First Day of January and the First Day of July in each Year; the Amount so payable to each Person shall be calculated on an Average of the Amount received by him in respect of the said customary Payments on an Average of the Three Years immediately preceding the passing of this Act; and in the event of Difference as to any such Payment or any fractional Part thereof, the same shall be definitely settled by an Arbitrator to be appointed by Her Majesty's Attorney General for the Time being: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice the Right of any Rector, Impropriator, or other Person to any Tithe or Rentcharge in lieu thereof, or other Compensation in respect thereof, charged upon or payable out of any Lands purchased in pursuance of this Act, or for the Purposes thereof.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 18. and 23 & 24 Vict. c. 106. incorporated.

14. " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Act amending the same, passed in the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, shall be incorporated with this Act, with the Exceptions and Additions, and subject to the Provisions, herein-after contained; (that is to say,)

(1.) There shall not be incorporated with this Act the Sections and Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," herein-after mentioned; that is to say, Section Sixteen, whereby it is provided that the Capital is to be subscribed before the compulsory Powers are put in force; Section Seventeen, whereby it is provided that the Certificate of the Justices shall be Evidence that the Capital has been subscribed; or the Provisions relating to affording Access to the Special Act

(2.) In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Acts this Act shall be deemed to be " the Special Act," and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall be deemed to be the Promoter of the Undertaking:

(3.) The Bond required by Section Eighty-five of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," shall be under the Common Seal of Her Majesty's Postmaster General, and shall be sufficient without the Addition of the Sureties in the said Section mentioned.

15. In

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 87. 401

15. In every Case in which any Question of disputed Compensation may be required to Questions of be determined by the Verdict of a Jury in the City of London or the Liberties thereof, the Jury shall be required to appear before the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the heard in Lord City of London to be holden in the Outer Chamber of the Guildhall of the said City Mayor's Court according to the Custom of the said City at a Time to be appointed by the said Court; and all the Directions and Provisions contained in " The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act,

1845/' in respect to the Settlement of Questions of disputed Compensation by Juries appearing before the Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person, shall extend and be applied with respect to the Settlement of any such Question of disputed Compensation under this Act by Juries appearing before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen as aforesaid; and the said Court shall give Judgment for the Purchase Money or Compensation assessed by such Jury, and a Verdict and Judgment shall be signed by the Registrar of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and entered among the Records of the said Court, and the said Registrar shall settle the Costs of every such Inquiry.

10. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, upon the Purchase by Her Majesty's Postmaster General of the Lands herein-before authorized to be purchased by him, or any Part thereof, all Rights of Way, Rights of laying down or continuing any Pipes, Sewers, or Drains on, through, or under such Lands or Part thereof, and all other Rights or Easements in or relating to such Lands or Part thereof, shall be extinguished, and all the Soil of such Ways, and the Property in the Pipes, Sewers, or Drains, shall vest in Her Majesty's Postmaster General, subject to this Provision, that all Persons and Bodies of Persons, corporate or unincorporate, may recover from Her Majesty's Postmaster General such Compensation, if any, as they may be entitled to under the Provisions of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," for any Rights or Property of which they may be deprived in pursuance of this Section, the Amount of such Compensation to be determined in manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845.

17. All Claims for Compensation made upon Her Majesty's Postmaster General under the Provisions of this Act, or any Act incorporated herewith, shall, if the Person claiming to be entitled to Compensation has no greater Interest than as Tenant for a Year or from Year to Year in the Lands in respect of which the Compensation is claimed, be determined in manner provided by the 121st Section of "The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845."

18. The Limit of Time for the compulsory Purchase of Lands under this Act shall be Three Years.

19. If Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall purchase the Lands and Houses at the Corner of Newgate Street and Saint Martin's-le- Grand, then and in such Case he shall forthwith grant to the Pneumatic Despatch Company (Limited), for the Purposes of laying and maintaining their Tubes and Apparatus, and of receiving Traffic from the Public, in accordance with the Provisions of the Pneumatic Despatch Act, 1864, the Use during the Continuance and Working of such Company of such an Area of the Basement of those Houses as may be required by the said Company, not exceeding Eighty Feet in Length from East to West, and Thirty-five Feet in Breadth from North to South, and of a Height sufficient for the convenient Use during such Continuance aforesaid of the said Tubes, Apparatus, and their other Purposes aforesaid, with a proper and convenient Access thereto from the Street, and also the Use during such Continuance of an Office on the Ground Floor of One of such Houses, or the Buildings to be erected in lieu thereof, of Twenty Feet by Thirty Feet in Area abutting on the Street, and of a convenient and suitable Height for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Company shall pay for such Use such an annual Rent as may be settled in case of Difference by an Arbitrator to be agreed on between the Parties, or in default of Agreement to be appointed by the Board of Trade; and from and after such Purchase and Grant as aforesaid the Powers given to the Pneumatic Despatch Company for the Purchase of the Lands and Houses in the Parish of Christchurch at the Corner of Newgate Street and Saint Martin's-le- Grand by the Pneumatic Despatch Company's (Limited) Act, 1864, shall cease and determine: Provided always, that in case Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall not within Three Months after the passing of this

Extinction of Bights of Way and other Easements.

As to Claims for Compensation by Tenants from Year to Year.

Time for compulsory Purchases limited. Arrangements with Pneumatic Despatch Company.

Disputes to be settled by Arbitration.

Power for Postmaster General to sell the equitable Interest in certain Lands,

Saving Bights of Commissioners of Sewers.

For Protection of the City of London Gas* light and Coke Company.

For Protection of New River Company.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 87.

Act exercise the Power of purchasing the said Lands and Houses at the Comer of Newgate Street and Saint MartirCs-U- Grand aforesaid, nothing in this Act contained shall take away, lessen, or impair the Powers vested in the said Pneumatic Despatch Company by their said Act of 1864 to enter upon, purchase, and hold any of the Lands and Houses in the Parish of Christchurch contained in the deposited Plans and Book of Reference of their said Act of 1864.

20. If any Disputes arise between the Postmaster General and the Pneumatic Despatch Company with reference to anything contained in this Act, or to any Rights acquired or to be acquired under it by the Parties respectively, the same, in case of Difference, shall be determined by an Arbitrator to be agreed upon between the Parties, or failing Agreement to be appointed by the Board of Trade.

2L f And whereas the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London have ' vested in them the legal Estate of certain Lands which were purchased by them for the

Purpose of forming a Site for the said General Post Office in Saint MartirCs-le- Grand, and for other Purposes connected therewith: And whereas the Purchase Money for the said ' Lands was in part supplied by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and in part

by the Postmaster General, who on behalf of Her Majesty has an equitable Interest in such

Lands: And whereas it is desirable that the Interest of the Postmaster General in such 6 Lands should be realized:' Be it therefore enacted, That Her Majesty's Postmaster General may, with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, or any Two of them, (such Consent or Approbation to be certified by One of the Secretaries or Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury by Writing under his Hand,) at a Price to be agreed on between the said Postmaster General and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, sell, convey, and release to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens all Right, Title, and Interest of Her Majesty and the Postmaster General in the said Lands, and upon Payment of the Amount agreed upon such Lands shall be absolutely vested in and belong to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens to and for their own Use and Benefit.

22. Nothing in this Act contained shall prejudice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London.

23. If in the Removal and pulling down of any Buildings, or in raising or lowering the Ground of any Street or Way, it shall be necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Position relatively to the Surface of the Ground of any Main or Service Pipe or other Apparatus laid down or used by the City of London Gaslight and Coke Company, or connected with any House or Building for the Supply of Gas, One Month's Notice shall be given to the said Company previously to the Commencement of any such Work, which shall be executed to the reasonable Satisfaction of the Engineer of the said Company, or, in case of Difference, of an Engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade, and every such Work shall be so executed as to cause as little Inconvenience as Circumstances will admit to the said Company; and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall make Compensation to the said Company for all Loss or Damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the Execution of the Works by this Act authorized, or any or either of them.

24. If in the Removal or pulling down or Erection of any Buildings, or in raising or lowering or otherwise disturbing the Ground of any Street or Way, it shall be necessary to raise, sink, or otherwise alter the Position relatively to the Surface of the Ground of any Main or Service Pipe or other Apparatus laid down or used by the New River Company, or connected with any House or Building for the Supply of Water, One Month's Notice shall be given to the said Company previously to the Commencement of any such Work, which shall be executed to the reasonable Satisfaction of the Engineer of the said Company, or, in case of Difference, of an Engineer to be selected by the Board of Trade, and every such Work shall be so executed as to cause as little Inconvenience as Circumstances will admit to the said Company; and Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall make Compensation to the said Company for all Loss or Damage, if any, which may be occasioned by the Execution of the Works by this Act authorized, or any or either of them.

25. All

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 87. 403

25. All Buildings to be erected in pursuance of this Act shall be exempt from the Exemption Operation of the First Part of "The Metropolitan Buildings Act, 1855." Buildings

20. No Purchase shall be made by Her Majesty's Postmaster General for the Purposes No Purchases of this Act without the Assent in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer, but it shall not be necessary for Authority of any Vendor or any Purchaser from Her Majesty's Postmaster General to ascertain that such Treasury. Assent has been given, nor shall Her Majesty's Postmaster General be bound to produce to any such Vendor or Purchaser any Evidence of such Assent: Provided, nevertheless, that such Assent may be given either generally or for any particular Purchase or Purchases, as to the said Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer as aforesaid shall seem meet.

27. Every Notice, Summons, Writ, or other Document required to be given, issued, or Authentication signed by or on behalf of Her Majesty's Postmaster General may be given, issued, or signed of Notices, by the Solicitor or Secretary of the General Post Office for the Time being, and need not

be under the Common Seal of Her Majesty's Postmaster General, and may be in Writing or in Print, or partly in Writing and partly in Print

28. All Orders which, under this Act and the Acts incorporated herewith, the Court of Orders con-Chancery is empowered to make on Motion or Petition in relation to any Money paid into ^2d^t^Ioney the Bank of England with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery Court may be under this Act, or the Securities in or upon which the same may be invested, or the made at Dividends or Interest on such Money and Securities, may be made by any Judge of the Chambers* said Court, upon Application to him while sitting at Chambers, upon Summons, in like Manner as. in other Cases in which Proceedings may be so had; subject, nevertheless, to any General Orders which may hereafter be made concerning the Practice, Proceedings, or Business of the said Court on any such Application.

29. Nothing in this Act, or in any Deed or Instrument entered into or made by Her Postmaster Majesty's Postmaster General for the Purposes of this Act, shall extend to charge the

Person of Her Majesty's Postmaster General executing any such Deed or Instrument, or luble 7 the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of Her Majesty's Postmaster General, or any of them, or either or any of their own proper Lands, Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, with or for the Performance of all or any of the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements in the said Deed or Instrument contained on the Part of Her Majesty's Postmaster General; but the Amount of all Costs, Charges, Damages, or Expenses which shall or may be recovered in any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity against Her Majesty's Postmaster General, or against his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for or by reason or means of such last-mentioned Deed or Instrument, or the Covenants, Conditions, or Agreements therein contained, and also all the Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expenses which Her Majesty's Postmaster General shall bear, pay, expend, be put to, or which shall be occasioned to him for or by reason or means of any such Deed or Instrument, or any Covenant, Condition, or Agreement therein, contained, or any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, to be brought or rosecuted by or against him thereupon, shall respectively be paid and discharged by and out of the Monies applicable to the Purposes of this Act.

30. All Monies which shall become payable to the Postmaster General under the Pro- Monies pay-

visions of this Act shall be paid to the Receiver and Accountant General for the Time being General of Her Majesty's Post Office, to be by him placed to the Account of Her Majesty's paid to

Postmaster General at the Bank of England; and the unstamped Receipt of the Receiver Ms Account and Accountant General of the Post Office for such Monies shall effectually discharge the En^and* of Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall be paid, and no such B

Person shall be bound to see to the Application or be answerable for the Nonapplication or Misapplication thereof.

3L No Deed, Bond, or other Instrument which shall be made or executed by, to, or Deeds not with Her Majesty's Postmaster General or otherwise for any of the Purposes of this Act ^ble to Stamp shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty imposed by any Act now in force, nor to any u y '

Stamp

404

Plans to be deposited, and may be inspected.

Short Title and Extent of Act.

Construction of Terms.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 87, 88.

Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act, unless such Instruments be specially subjected and specifically charged therewith by any future Act.

32. A Copy of the Plans of the prescribed Lands shall be deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the City of London, and shall remain at the said Office to the end that all Persons may at all reasonable Times inspect the same at their Pleasure, paying One Shilling at each Inspection.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for the recording of Titles to Land in Ireland.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Titles conferred by the Landed Estates Court, Ireland, ' should be kept free from Complication, so that subsequent Dealings with the Estates ' held under such Titles may be more simple and economical Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Record of Title Act (Ireland), 1865 it shall apply to Ireland only, and shall come into operation on the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

2. In the Construction of this Act (except where the Context or other Provisions of this Act require a different Construction) —

The Word " Judge" shall mean One of the Judges of the Landed Estates Court, Ireland:

The Word " Court" shall mean the Landed Estates Court, Ireland:

The Word " Officer" shall mean the Officer for the Time being of the Landed Estates Court, Ireland, whose Duty it shall be to carry out this Act, under the Direction of the said Court:

The Word "Record" shall mean the Book or Books to be provided and kept for the recording of Titles, pursuant to this Act, in the Landed Estates Court:

The Word " Land " shall extend to Manors, Messuages, Advowsons, Rectories, Tithes, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to Rents or Annuities charged upon Hereditaments, whether subject to any Fee-farm or other perpetual Rent, with or without Condition of Re-entry for securing the same, or otherwise, and whether corporeal or incorporeal, and to any undivided Share thereof:

The Word "Lease " shall include an Agreement for a Lease, and the Estate or Interest created or agreed to be created by a Lease or Agreement in the whole or any Part of the Land therein comprised, and shall include any Term of Years:

The Word " Owner," as applied to Land, shall include any Person entitled in possession in Fee Simple or in Tail or quasi in Tail, and any Person who has a Power of appointing or disposing of the Fee, or appointing or granting in Fee Farm, and whether with or without the Consent of another Person, and any Person entitled as a Trustee for Sale or having a Power of Sale, or of granting in Fee Farm, and whether with or without Consent as aforesaid, and as applied to a Lease shall include any Person entitled in possession to the Interest thereunder, or having Power to appoint or dispose thereof, and to any Person entitled thereto as a Trustee for Sale or having a Power of Sale:

The Words " Person " or " Owner " shall extend to a Body Politic or Corporate:

The Word "Charge" or "Incumbrance" shall include any Legacy, Portion, Lien, or other Charge whereby a Sum of Money is secured to be paid, and also any annual or periodical Charge, and also any Charge hereafter to be imposed on Land under any Public Act for promoting Drainage or Land Improvement, and also every other Charge upon Land which is deemed an Incumbrance in a Court of Equity:

The

405

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

The Word "Certificate" or "Land Certificate" shall include the Counterpart of a Conveyance, or the Duplicate of a Judicial Declaration of Title recorded pursuant to this Act *

The Word " Settlement " shall include any Instrument under which any Land or Lease shall be at Law or in Equity so limited as to create partial or limited Estates or Interests:

The Expression " recorded Estate" shall mean any Land or Lease the Title to which shall be recorded under the Provisions of this Act.

Record of Title to be established of Land which has been the Subject of Conveyance or

Declaration by the Landed Estates Court.

3. There shall be established a Record of Title, to be kept under the Control and be

Direction of the Landed Estates Court; and the Office in which such Record is kept shall established be called " the Record of Title Office " of the said Court. under Layded

Estates Court.

4. Any Person, upon obtaining a Conveyance from the Court of any Land or Lease, or of any Interest therein, shall be entitled to have such Conveyance entered in the Record, and on the same being so entered the Land or Lease, or Interest therein, comprised in such Conveyance, shall be and be deemed to be for the Purposes of this Act a " recorded Estate."

Any Conveyance from the Court may be recorded under this Act.

5. And whereas the Court has Power to grant a Judicial Declaration of Title to a Fee Extension of ' Simple Estate, and it is desirable to extend such Power:' Be it therefore enacted, That, the Comas'^ notwithstanding anything contained in an Act of the Twenty-first r.r.d Twenty-second l0 granting Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate the Sale and Transfer of Declarations Land in Ireland, the Court may, on the Application of the Owner of any Land or Lease of °^Vjc(any Tenure in Ireland, proceed to investigate his Title to the Estate or Interest or Power c 72

in respect of which he claims to be such Owner, and grant such Declaration, in the Manner directed by the said Act.

6. Any Person, upon obtaining a Declaration of Title from the Court, shall be entitled to Every Decla-

have such Declaration entered upon the Record, and thereupon the Land or Lease comprised 10^>yTltle therein shall be and be deemed to be a recorded Estate; and no Declaration of Title so rded, and entered upon the Record shall be registered in the Office for registering Deeds in Ireland; need not be and it shall not be necessary to keep in the Court any other Record or Copy of any such m

Declaration of Title than that herein-after mentioned, anything in the said recited Act, or Registry.

in any Rule or Order made pursuant thereto, notwithstanding.

7. Any Person to whom any Conveyance or Declaration of Title shall be given by the Any Person Court may, by Requisition under his Hand, lodged in the proper Office of the Court within J'*a*nln8 a Seven Days after the Execution of such Conveyance or Declaration by a Judge, require Declaration or that the Title so conferred shall not be recorded under this Act; and on such Requisition may decline to the Court shall deliver out such Conveyance or Declaration, and the same shall not be haveTlt*e recorded: The Provisions of the said Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years this*AcuUD of the Reign of Her Majesty, as to the Registration of Declarations of Title in the Office

for registering Deeds, shall in that Case take effect as though this Act had not been passed:

Provided always, that any Declaration of Title made after the passing of this Act, and not recorded pursuant to this Act, may be registered in the said Office for registering Deeds at any Time within Fourteen Days after the Execution thereof by the Judge.

8. All Conveyances and Declarations which are retained for the Purpose of being recorded under this Act shall be entered in the Book or Books forming the Record, and bound up therein, leaving Space for further Entries; and each of such Conveyances and Declarations, together with the further Entries (if any) thereunder, shall form a Division (herein-after called a Folio) of the Record, distinguished by a separate Number, or in such other Manner as the Officer may determine.

28 & 29 VICT.

3 F

9. A Counter-

Conveyances and Declarations when recorded to be entered, each to form, with subsequent Entries, a Folio.

Duplicates of Conveyances or Declarations may be issued.

Books of Record not to be inspected without Leave.

Index to be made.

Questions arising on the Record to be disposed of by a Judge, who may decide or deal with the same as may seem right.

Recorded Owners to be entitled to the Estates mentioned on the Record, free from all other Claims.

Informality not to prejudice Entry' in Record of Title.

Every Charge, &c. to be entered in Record of Title.

Estates of Proprietors subject to existing Law.

Acts relating to Registry of Deeds not to apply to recorded Land.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

9. A Counterpart of every Conveyance and a Duplicate of every Declaration of Title, recorded as aforesaid, signed by a Judge, and under the Seal of the Court, may be issued to the Person entitled thereto; and every such Counterpart or Duplicate so issued shall be marked by the Officer with a Memorandum of the recording as aforesaid; and every such Counterpart or Duplicate so marked shall as of the Date thereof be and be deemed to be for all Purposes as effectual as a " Land Certificate " granted as herein-after mentioned, and shall for the Purposes of this Act be regarded as a Land Certificate.

10. The Record shall be kept in the Office, and shall not be removed therefrom for any Purpose, unless the Court shall direct. The Record may be inspected by the recorded Owners of the Estates and Interests, or of the Mortgages and Incumbrances recorded therein respectively, or by their Solicitors or Agents. No other Person shall be permitted to inspect or to take Copies of or Extracts from the Record, unless authorized by any such Owner or by Fiat of a Judge. An Index to recorded Estates shall be made and regularly entered up; and such Index may be inspected by any Person without Payment of any Fee.

11. If in making up or continuing such Record of Title as aforesaid any Question shall arise as to the true Construction or legal Validity or Effect of any Deed, Will, or Instrument, or as to the Persons entitled, or the Extent or Nature of the Estate, Right, or Interest, Power or Authority, of any Person or Class of Persons, or the Priority of any Charge or Incumbrance, Claim or Interest, or as to the Mode in which any Entry ought to be made in the Record of Title, such Questions shall be disposed of by the Judge, who may either decide the same, or direct any Proceeding at Law or in Equity for that Purpose, or, at his Discretion, and without deciding such Question, may direct such Entry to be made on the Record as shall appear to be right; and the Judge may direct the Estate or Interest of any Person to be recorded by reference to the Deed, Will, or Instrument creating the same, or Copy thereof made and retained in Court, as herein-after directed.

12. Subject to any Qualification mentioned in such Record of Title, and to any recorded Charges, Incumbrances, Tenancies, or Leases, and to any Tenancy or Lease not required to be noted on the Record, the recorded Owner for the Time being shall be and be deemed to be absolutely and indefensibly possessed of and entitled to such recorded Estate, against all Persons, and free from all Rights, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, including any Estate, Claim, or Interest of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prejudice or affect any Rentcharge in lieu of Tithe, or any Crown Rent or Quitrent to the Crown, or any Charge imposed before the Day of the passing of this Act under any Public Act or Acts for promoting Drainage or Land Improvement in Ireland.

13. No Entry in such Record of Title as aforesaid shall be set aside or called in question as against any Person who may afterwards become interested under any Sale, Mortgage, or Contract for valuable Consideration, by reason of any Irregularity or Informality therein, or in the Proceedings previous to the making thereof.

14. From and after the recording of any Land or Lease, every Settlement, Transfer, Mortgage, Charge, Lease, or Sub-Lease granted or in any Alanner created in or affecting such Land or Lease or any Part thereof (except as herein excepted), shall be entered or noted in the Record of Title to be kept as aforesaid. Recorded Charges on the same Land or Lease shall, as between themselves, rank according to the Date of their being recorded, and not according to the Date of their Creation.

15. Subject to the Enactments herein contained, the Estates and Interests of all recorded Owners shall remain subject to the existing Law, and may be dealt with, assured, devised, and transmitted by Descent or Representation according to the ordinary Rules of Law and Equity.

10. The Provisions of the several Acts of Parliament now in force relating to the Registry of Deeds in Ireland shall cease to be applicable to any Land so soon as it has been placed on the Record under the Provisions of this Act, and so long as it remains thereon; and the said

407

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

said several Acts shall not be applicable to any Lease, Charge, or Incumbrance on the Record, so far as the same affects any recorded Estate: Provided always, that so soon as any Conveyance or Declaration of Title has been recorded under this Act, a Memorial of the placing of the Land or Lease on the Record shall be prepared specifying the recorded Ownership and full Description of the Lands, which Memorial shall be certified under the Seal of the Court, and shall be forthwith handed to the Registrar of the Registry of Deeds in Ireland; and such Registrar is hereby authorized and directed to file such Memorial, when duly verified, in the same way as Memorials of Deeds, and shall receive such Fees thereon as now chargeable for Memorials of Deeds, and the said Registrar shall duly enter in the Registry the Name of the said Owner and the Description of the Lands, and shall make the usual Return on any Requisition as with regard to Memorials of Deeds. Such Memorial, when registered, shall be conclusive Evidence of the several Matters therein contained.

17. The Officer shall, when directed by a Fiat of a Judge, but not further or otherwise, make any Amendment or correct any Error in the Record or in any Map thereto annexed, as the Judge shall consider just; such Amendment or Correction shall be made after such Notices, and on such Terms as to Costs or otherwise, as the Judge may think fit. Every such Amendment or Correction in the Record shall be marked by the Officer with the Date of making the same, and with the Initials of his Name; and any Certificate which may have been issued as herein-after mentioned, or other Instrument of Title, shall be amended in like Manner; and the Judge may direct and compel any such Certificate or Instrument of Title to be brought to the Office by any Person for the Purpose of Amendment, or for the Purpose of having a new Certificate granted in lieu thereof; and such Amendment of the old or substitution of a new Certificate shall be without Prejudice to any Claim of Lien or other Claim thereon, and shall be on such Terms as to Costs as may be just.

As to Land Certificates and Certificates of Charges.

18. The Officer shall, upon Request, deliver to every Person who is named or described in the Record as the Owner of any recorded Estate a Certificate, herein called a " Land Certificate," under the Seal of the Office, which Certificate shall contain a Copy of the Description of the Estate and Particulars of the Incumbrances, Leases, and other Matters in force relating thereto, and a Copy of the Map (if any); the Officer shall also, upon Request, deliver to every Person who is named or described in the Record as the Owner of any Charge or Incumbrance a Certificate of Charge: Provided always, that no Certificate shall be issued until any Duplicate Conveyance or Declaration or former Certificate (as the Case may be) which may have been issued shall be returned to the Officer to be cancelled.

19. At the Request of the Holder the Officer shall at any Time compare any such Certificate with the Record, and, if there has been no Alteration, shall certify at the Foot of such Certificate that it contains a true Statement of the Entries in the Record, and shall sign the same and add the Date of such Signature. Any Alteration or Omission which can be conveniently made in a Certificate, or any Addition thereto, so as to make the same correspond with any Alteration in the Record, may be made and signed by the Officer, if he shall think fit. Before recording any Transfer or other Dealing (except a Lease), the Officer shall serve a Notice thereof on the recorded Owner in the Manner directed by Section Sixty-four of this Act, unless such Owner shall appear in Person, and be identified to the Satisfaction of the Officer; and the Officer shall also require the Production of the Certificate or other Instrument of Title equivalent thereto that may have been issued; and when such Transfer or Disposition has been completed such Certificate or Instrument of Title (if re-issued) shall be made up so as to correspond with the Record. Anew Certificate may be granted on the Delivery up of the former Certificate.

20. Whenever any recorded Owner shall be desirous of selling or mortgaging any recorded Estate he may, on giving up to the Officer his Land Certificate, obtain a " special Land Certificate " for that Purpose, which shall contain the Particulars given in the Land Certificate. Such special Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence of the Title of the recorded Owner as appearing by the Record. No Entry shall be made by the Officer in

Power to amend the Record on Fiat of a Judge, and the like Amendment to be made in Land Certificate.

Power to order a Certificate to be brought in to be amended or a new one substituted.

Officer to deliver Land Certificates.

Certificates of Charge to be also issued.

Officer to compare Certificate with the Record.

Recorded Owner desirous of selling, &c. may obtain special Land Certificate.

Certificate to be Evidence, and may be deposited as Security.

Power of subdividing Land or Charge, and of obtaining new Certificates.

Procedure on Transfer of Part of an Estate.

Apportionments may be made and Surveys directed for the Purposes of Subdivision.

On Proof of Loss, &c. of Certificate, a new one may be given.

Modes by which recorded Estates and Charges may be dealt with.

Attendance of Parties at the Office to trans-

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

the Record of any Deed, Instrument, Act, or Transaction affecting the Estate comprised in such special Certificate, except on the Delivery up of such special Certificate, until Fourteen Days have expired from and after the Day of the Date thereof. A Note of such special Certificate shall be entered in the Record.

21. Every Land Certificate, or Certificate of Charge, duly signed and sealed, shall be conclusive Evidence of the several Matters therein contained as of the Date of such Certificate. The Deposit of the Certificate by the Person entitled thereto shall, for the Purpose of creating a Lien on his Estate and Interest, be a valid Security in the Terms of any Letter or Memorandum or Agreement accompanying such Deposit; and such Letter or Memorandum or Agreement shall be chargeable with the same Stamp Duty as a Mortgage would have been according to the Stamp Acts now in force.

22. Any Owner of a recorded Estate or Charge, on making Application to the Officer, and upon giving up his Certificate to be cancelled, and on producing the Consent of any Incumbrancer or other Person whose Consent shall be deemed necessary, may obtain separate Certificates for separate Parcels of Land, or for separate Portions of any Charge, or may obtain One Certificate comprising several Parcels of Land or Charges; and in such Case the old Folio of the Record may be cancelled, and new Folios or Chapters relating to such Subdivisions may be opened therein.

23. On the Transfer of Part of a recorded Estate a new Folio shall be opened in respect of such Part, and a new Land Certificate issued; and a suitable Entry shall at the same Time be made on the Folio and Map relating to the Residue and on the Certificate thereof; or, if the Officer shall deem it more convenient, he may cancel the old Folio, and open a new one, and issue a new Certificate in respect of the Residue of the Estate.

24. If for any Purpose mentioned in the last Section any Apportionment of Head Rent or of Tenant's Rent shall be desirable, the Court may apportion such Rent, whether the same be reserved by a Fee-farm Grant or by a Lease, according to its usual Practice with regard to Apportionments, and on the like Notices or Consents being produced: Provided always, that the Officer may, if he deem it necessary, require a new Boundary Survey to be made and new Maps furnished before proceeding to open new Folios in the Record as to separate Parcels of Land.

25. If any Land Certificate or Certificate of Charge be lost or destroyed, the Officer may, upon the Fiat of the Judge who shall be satisfied of the Fact of such Loss or Destruction, and shall direct such public Advertisement for the Recovery of the same as he may consider expedient, give a new Certificate, and shall state thereon that it is given in substitution for the former Certificate, and the same Fees shall be chargeable for the new as for the former Certificate; but no such new Certificate shall be of any Avail against any Person who may have already derived Title under the former Certificate.

Transfer and Transmission of recorded Estates and Charges.

20. Recorded Estates and recorded Charges may be conveyed, charged, settled, dealt with, or affected —

By a Statutory Deed or Disposition in either of the Forms in the Schedule annexed to this Act;

By Indorsement on the Certificate;

By Deposit of the Certificate as aforesaid;

By Deed, Will, Decree, Order, or other Means by which such Land or Charge, if not recorded, might now, according to Law, be dealt with or affected; but no Estate, Interest, Contract, or Dealing not noted on the Record shall prevail against the Title of any Owner or of the Proprietor of any Estate, Interest, Charge, or Incumbrance duly recorded under this Act; and no equitable Mortgage or Lien on recorded Land shall be created by Deposit of Title Deeds.

27. On the Occasion of any Transfer, Mortgage, or other Disposition of a recorded Estate, or of any Charge or Incumbrance thereon, the Parties or their Attorneys lawfully. authorized

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88. 409

authorized may attend at the Office to complete the Transaction. The Description of the fer or deal with Land and of the Estate or Charge proposed to be transferred or dealt with shall be taken ^orded Lan<1, from or refer to the Record, and shall be inserted, under the Superintendence of the Officer, in One of the Statutory Forms set out in the Schedule hereto; and such Transfer or Disposition shall be executed by the Owner or Transferror, or by his Attorney lawfully authorized, and duly attested by a Solicitor, and shall then and there, together with the Power of Attorney (if any), be delivered to the Officer for the Purpose of having an Official Note entered in the Record.

28. The recorded Owner of any Estate, Charge, or Incumbrance may transfer or charge Transfer, &c. the same by One of the Forms in the Schedule hereto, and the same shall be as complete and be b>'the effectual as any other Form of Transfer, Charge, or Mortgage would have been either at Forms, which Law or in Equity. Persons taking under either of the said Statutory Forms shall take as shall be fully and effectually as if the Estates and Rights expressed to be created and given by such effectual-Forms respectively had been created or granted by any of the Modes of Assurance now

known to the Law.

29. Any Person claiming under a Deed or Instrument affeoting recorded Land executed Other Deeds

elsewhere than in the Office may apply to have the same recorded as to such Land, on giving

sufficient Evidence of the due Execution thereof; and when the Officer has received such Evidenced Deed or Instrument he shall forthwith note the same on the Record, and shall retain in due Execution. Court either the original or a Counterpart, or a Copy, made and compared in such Manner Originals or as the Court may by General Rule direct, and under the Hand of the Grantor; and the Original, if handed back to the Person entitled thereto, shall be so marked or indorsed by Court.

the Officer as to show that it has been noted on the Record; and so far as relates to the recorded Estate or Charge thereby affected it shall not be necessary to register any Memorial of such Deed or Instrument in the Office for registering Deeds in Ireland: Provided always, that the Officer may decline to receive and note any Deed or Instrument which is not made in One of the Forms in the Schedule hereto, unless a Judge has, by Fiat indorsed thereon, directed the same to be received and noted.

30. So soon as any Deed or Instrument has been duly executed, and has been received When Deed by the Officer, such Deed or Instrument, and the Estate and Right created thereby, shall be deemed to have been duly entered on the Record, and an Official Note of Reference thereunder to thereto shall forthwith be made by the Officer in the proper Folio of the Record: Provided be deemed always, that such Deed or Instrument, and the Estate and Right created thereby, shall not c^ecdafnd be deemed to have been entered on the Record so as to affect any Land, Lease, or Charge Note to be comprised in any such " Special Land Certificate " as herein-before mentioned until after made, the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for the Entry of any Deed, Act, or Transaction affecting such Land or Charge.

31. For the Purpose of authorizing or of compelling a Transfer to be made of any Vesting Orders recorded Estate or Charge or any Part thereof, the Court or a Judge may make such Orders "aynb^"^e* and give such Directions as to the Appointment, Removal, or Change of Trustees, or as to Trustee Acts, the vesting in them or in any other Person of any Land or Charge, as the Lord High Chancellor is empowered to make or give under "The Trustee Act, 1850," or any Act amending or extending the same.

32. The Owner of any recorded Estate may at any Time by a Requisition under his Power to re-Hand, and with the Consent of all Persons who may appear to be interested as having lf^minWthe Charges or otherwise, and whose Consent shall be deemed necessary, require the Record Record, and to be closed, and on such Requisition and Consent being examined and found to be sufficient remitting his a Memorial of the closing of the Record shall be prepared, specifying the Ownership and ^aJonof full Description of the Lands, which Memorial shall be signed by the Officer and by the the old Law said Owner, and shall be forthwith handed to the Registrar of the Registry of Deeds in relating to the Ireland; and such Registrar is hereby authorized and directed to file such Memorial, when ^ee^&^in duly verified, in the same Way as Memorials of Deeds, and shall receive such Fees thereon Ireland.

as now chargeable for Memorials of Deeds, and the said Registrar shall duly enter in the

Registry the Name of the said Owner and the Description of the Lands, and shall make the Jurisdiction of Court declared in Cases of actual fraud.

Devisee of deceased recorded Owner may apply to be recorded as Owner.

Notice to be given to Heir, &c.

Heir-at-Law of deceased Owner may apply to be recorded.

Court may appoint a Representative of Estate of a deceased Owner.

Powers of the Representative.

Personal Representative may be recorded.

Assignees may be recorded instead of Owner. As to Marriage of Female Owner.

The Judge may direct Estates and Interests under Settlements to be separately recorded.

Interests, &c. separately recorded to be recorded Estates or Charges. Interests, &c* may be re-

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

the usual Return on any Requisition as with regard to Memorials of Deeds. Sack Memorial, when registered, shall be conclusive Evidence of the several Matters therein contained. After the Registration of such Memorial the Record shall be deemed to be closed as to such Estate, but shall for all Purposes be deemed to have conferred an indefeasible Title upon the Person last therein described as Owner (subject as therein, and as in this Act, is excepted).

33. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act, the Landed Estates Court shall have the same Jurisdiction that Courts of Equity now have on the Ground of actual Fraud, and it may alter or amend the Record on such Terms as may be just

34. On the Death of the recorded Owner of any Real Estate, any Person claiming as Devisee may apply to the Judge for a Fiat directing the Officer to record the Applicant as Owner, in the Place of the deceased Person; but the Judge shall withhold such Fiat until the Applicant shall have lodged in the Office the Probate or a true Copy of the Will or Codicil under which he claims; and no Transfer or Disposition by any such Devisee shall be recorded, except after the Service of such Notice on the Heir-at-Law and Executors (if any) as the Judge may deem necessary; and the Judge may also, if he shall see fit, suspend such Fiat until a Decision of some other competent Court in favour of the Title claimed bj such Devisee shall have been obtained.

35. On the Death of the recorded Owner of Real Estate, any Person claiming as Heir-at-Law may apply to the Judge for a Fiat directing the Officer to record the Applicant; but no such Person shall be recorded as Owner until at least Six Calendar Months from the Date of such Application shall have expired, and such Notices of every such Application shall be given, by Advertisement and otherwise, as the Judge may think necessary or proper: If there shall be any Doubt, Dispute, or Litigation touching the Ownership of the Estate of a deceased Owner, the Court may appoint a Person to be recorded in his Place as the Representative of such Estate, and shall give Directions to such Representative from Time to Time touching the Management and Letting of the Estate; and all Acts of such Representative in pursuance of the Directions of the Court shall be valid and binding on all Parties interested in the Estate.

36. On the Death of the recorded Owner of a Chattel Interest in or of a Charge affecting Land, his personal Representative may apply to be recorded in the Place of the deceased Person.

37. On the Bankruptcy or Insolvency of any recorded Owner, the Assignee or Assignees of his Estate shall be entitled to be recorded in his Place. On the Marriage of any Female Owner of a recorded Estate or Charge her Husband may apply to be recorded as Coproprietor in right of his Wife.

Power to record Estates and Interests under Settlements.

38. Upon the Application of any Person claiming under any Settlement of a recorded Estate a Judge may make an Order directing the Officer to record separately any vested Estate under the Settlement, either in possession, or in remainder after the dropping of a Life or Lives, which can be aliened by the Owner thereof without the Consent of any other Person, and which is not liable to be defeated or affected at Law or in Equity by the Act of any other Person or by any other Contingency. Upon any such Application the Judge shall ascertain whether any Power of Sale or Exchange or Power of charging exists with respect to such Estate, and if so the Record shall be qualified by stating the Existence of such Power; the Judge may also direct the Officer to record separately any vested and ascertained Charge or Incumbrance under the Settlement

39. Any Estate, Interest, or Charge under a Settlement, when separately recorded, shall be, for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be deemed to be, a " recorded Estate " or a " recorded Charge," and a separate Folio or Division (as the Case may be) of the Record shall be opened therefor, and a separate Certificate issued to the Person entitled.

40. On any Application to record separately any Estate, Interest, or Charge under a Settlement, the Judge may decline to have the same separately recorded, or he may (at his

Option)

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88. 411

Option) direct that the same be recorded by means of a Note of Reference to the whole or corded by any Portion of the Settlement or Counterpart, or the Copy retained in Court as herein- ^efe^nce-before provided for; and no Appeal shall lie from any Decision of the Judge given under ue°iftofjudge this Section* declines to re-

cord separately.

41. Trustees with a Power of Sale may be recorded as Joint Owners, and any Tenant Trustees with for Life or other Person may by their Consent, or by Direction of a Judge, be entered as a Power of Sale " consenting Party," and without the Consent of the Person so inscribed as last aforesaid no Transfer or Disposition shall be made: Provided always, that the Judge shall have full and a Person* Power (after such Inquiries and Notices as it shall deem just) to direct the Name of any ay be re-Person to be removed as a " consenting Party," and to direct the Name of any other f^nseuting Person to be inserted in lieu thereof; and any Person interested in preventing any Sale or Party " to any Disposition by such Joint Owners may lodge a Caveat with the Officer in manner herein- Sale, &c. after mentioned.

Judgments and other Claims on recorded Estates.

42. No Judgment, Recognizance, Crown Bond, Lis pendens. Acceptance of Office, No Judgment, Inquisition, Decree, or Order shall be a Charge upon recorded Land, or in any Manner Crown Bonds, affect the same, unless and until a Memorandum of the same, in such Form and with such &<? ^affect Verification or other Evidence as the Court may by General Rule direct, shall be lodged recorded Land, with the Officer; and the Officer shall, on such Memorandum being lodged, and such unle8B du, y Information given as will enable him to identify the Land sought to be charged, make an R^d.00 6 Official Note thereof on the Record. It shall not be necessary to register or file any judgments Affidavit in the Registry of Deeds Office for the Purpose of making a Judgment a Charge need not be on recorded Land. Af^dayft1 *

43. Judgments, Recognizances, Crown Bonds, Lis pendens. Acceptances, and Inquisitions, Judgments, Decrees, and Orders, entered on the Record by the Lodgment of a verified Memorandum, ^c<J^e^eg' and the Entry of an Official Note as aforesaid, shall be re-entered before the End of every entered before Five Years from the Entry thereof, by the like Means 5 and no Judgment, Recognizance, 5 Yean. Crown Bond, Lis, Acceptance, Inquisition, Decree, or Order shall be of any Force or

Effect as against a Purchaser for valuable Consideration, or Mortgagee of a recorded Estate, e^n not affect unless the same shall have been entered or re-entered on the Record within Five Years Purchasers for previous to the Date of the recording of his Purchase or Mortgage; and no such Purchaser valuable Conor Mortgagee shall be affected by Notice, express or implied, of any Judgment, Recog- 81 eration' nizance. Crown Bond, Lis, Acceptance, Inquisition, Decree, or Order.

44. Whenever Payment is made of any Part of the Principal Money due on a recorded part Payment Charge or Incumbrance, the Officer may, on Production of a Receipt signed by the recorded of Charge to be Owner of the Charge and duly verified, make an Official Note thereof on the Record. noted *

Unless and until such Note be made the entire Principal Sum expressed to be due shall, on interest from the Occasion of any Transfer for valuable Consideration, be considered as due. Interest on the last Gale the Principal Sum since the last Gale Day shall be considered as due, unless the Fact of ^jeemetHo11 the Payment of such Interest be recorded. If in any Instrument of Transfer any further be due on the Interest be expressed to be due, such Transfer of Arrears of Interest shall be valid only to occasion of the Extent to which such Interest shall be actually due and recoverable from the Land. On ns er* the Application of any recorded Owner or Incumbrancer, and on finding that any Charge, n^86 Incumbrance, or Claim upon a recorded Estate has been paid off or satisfied, the Officer may where ttos Pay-make an Entry of the Fact on the Record, and no Release or Re-conveyance shall in that ment of.a Case be necessary. noted6 W

45. Whenever any recorded Land or Lease shall be sold by the Sheriff under any Writ, Sale by Sheriff or shall be sold under any Direction, Decree, or Order of any competent Court, the Officer, eorded Land on Production to him of the Conveyance or Assignment, and of an Office Copy of the OT Lease to be Writ, Direction, Decree, or Order, may record the Purchaser as Owner of such Land or "oted-Lease.

Caveats

Power to any Person interested to lodge a Caveat prohibiting dealing with Land, &c.

Caveat to cease unless extended.

Power to a Judge to extend the Operation of a Caveat

In certain Cases a Note to be made on Certificate as to Disposition of Land.

Mode of leasing or demising recorded Land.

Consent of any Person entitled to a Charge to be obtained, otherwise the Rights of such Person to be expressly reserved.

Certain Leases excepted from Operation of the Act

Title of Lessor in Lease not to be indefeasible unless the

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88

Caveats against Transfer, &c.

48. Any Person interested in any Land, Lease, or Charge recorded in the Name of any other Person may lodge a Caveat with the Officer, which Caveat shall be in such Form and shall be verified and noted on the Record in such Manner as the Court shall by General Rule direct. A Caveat shall remain in force for a Period of Twenty-one Days from the Date thereof if the Court shall be then sitting, or if the Court shall not be sitting then for Twenty-one Days from the next Sitting of the Court. Any Transfer or other Disposition recorded during such Period shall, unless a Judge shall otherwise direct, be made expressly subject to the Title and Claim (if any) of the Cautioner.

47. After the Expiration of such Period the Caveat shall cease, and the Officer shall cancel any Note thereof on the Record, unless a Fiat continuing it be made by a Judge; and upon the Caveat so ceasing the Land, Lease, or Charge shall be dealt with in the same Manner as if no Caveat had been lodged. If before the Expiration of the said Period the Cautioner or his Solicitor appears before a Judge, and gives such Undertaking or Security, or lodges such Sum in Court as such Judge may consider sufficient to indemnify every Person against any Damage that may be sustained by reason of any Disposition of the Property being delayed, then and in such Case such Judge may direct the Officer to delay recording any Dealing with the Land, Lease, or Charge for a further Period, to be specified in such Order, or make such other Order as may be just. If any Caveat be lodged without reasonable Cause, such Judge may order Payment by the Cautioner of such Sum by way of Compensation or Costs as he may deem just.

48. Where Two or more Persons are recorded as Owners of any Estate or Charge, a Note may, with their Consent or by Direction of the Judge, be made by the Officer on the Record to the Effect that when the Number of such Owners is reduced below a specified Number, no Disposition of such Land or Charge shall be made by the Survivors unless the Judge shall otherwise direct; and such Note shall appear on every Copy or Certificate issued by the Officer.

Leases and Demises of recorded Land.

49. Whenever recorded Land is intended to be leased or demised, the Lease and a Counterpart thereof, after being executed by the recorded Owner, and attested, may be brought to the Officer, who shall make an Official Note of the Terms of such Lease in the proper Folio of the Record, and shall mark or indorse on such Lease and Counterpart a Note that they have been recorded. A Lease granted by any Person having Power to lease, but not being the recorded Owner, may, on the Fiat of the Judge, be noted on the Record in like Manner. On the Application of the Lessee, and after Notice to the recorded Owner, any such Lease may be entered in a Subdivision or Chapter of the said Folio, and such Lease shall in that Case be deemed to be a recorded Estate " within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that if the Lessor's Interest shall be subject to any recorded Charge, either the Consent of the Person appearing entitled to such Charge shall be obtained before a Lease or Demise of recorded Land shall be noted or entered on the Record, or, if such Consent be not obtained, the Officer shall enter a Note to the Effect that the granting or recording of such Lease is " without Prejudice to the Title and Claim " of the Person entitled to such Charge; and the Interest of the Lessee shall remain subject to such Qualification as last aforesaid, but the Officer may at any Time, on such Consent being obtained, and proved to his Satisfaction, cancel such Qualification, and thereupon the Title of the Lessee shall become indefeasible, subject only to the Reservations, Clauses, and Covenants contained in the Lease: Provided also, that any Tenancy or Lease lawfully made at a Rackrent without Fine for a Term not exceeding Thirty-one Years, and under which the Tenant is in possession, or any Assignment thereof, shall be valid for all Purposes, although not entered or recorded under this Act

50. On the recording, pursuant to this Act, of any Land held under Lease, the indefeasible Title shall not extend to the Title of any Lessor or Grantor under whom the Bame is held, unless the Court, having investigated the Title of such Lessor or Grantor, shall

direct

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

direct an Official Note to be entered to the Effect that the Title of such Lessor or Grantor is guaranteed, and in such Case the Validity of such Lease shall not afterwards be impeached on the Ground of any Want of Power or Title in the said Lessor or Grantor to make the same, or by reason of any Clause, Condition, or Covenant in the same, or by reason of the same not having been duly registered.

Land heretofore conveyed, &c. may be brought upon the Record.

5L Any Person who has heretofore obtained a Conveyance from the Court of the Commissioners for the Sale of Incumbered Estates in Ireland, or has obtained or may hereafter obtain a Conveyance or Declaration of Title from the Landed Estates Court, or the Assign or Representative of any such Person may apply in a summary Manner, without Petition, to the Court, to be recorded as Owner, pursuant to this Act; and on producing such Conveyance or an Office Copy of such Declaration, and on furnishing such Search or other Evidence of Title, and after the Publication of such Advertisement as the Court may direct, such Person may, if the Court think fit, be recorded as Owner of the whole or Part of the Land or Lease comprised in such Conveyance or Declaration, and such Land or Lease, or Part thereof, shall thereupon become a recorded Estate within the Meaning of this Act: Provided always, that an Interval of Two Calendar Months shall elapse between such First Application and the final recording of the Title as aforesaid; and that the Officer may, if he think fit, require a new Survey of the Land to be made, and a new Map, for the Purpose of Entry on the Record.

General Provisions, Practice of the Office, Rules, Forms, Fees, fyc. c.

52. No Act, Entry, or Proceeding under this Act shall be restrained nor shall the Officer be restrained by Order or Injunction of a Court of Equity or by Writ of Prohibition; nor shall the Officer be required by Writ of Mandamus to do any Act, or make any Official Note or Entry under this Act; nor shall the Record or any Book or Document be liable to be removed from the Office under any Writ or Process of any other Court, unless a Judge shall so direct.

53. The Judge shall not nor shall the Officer, or any Person acting under the Authority of either of them, be liable to any Action, Suit, or Proceeding for or in respect of any Act or Matter bona fide done or omitted in the Exercise or supposed Exercise of the Powers of this Act.

54. The " Record of Title Office " of the Court shall be open for Business on every Day of the Year, except the following Days; viz., Sundays, Christmas Day, New Year's Day, Good Friday, Easter Monday, and Whit Monday, and any Day duly appointed to be kept as a Day of General Fast or Thanksgiving. The said Office shall be open during such Hours, and such Officer and Clerks shall attend therein as the Court shall from Time to Time direct

55. The Court shall, on or before the First Day of January next, frame a Code of General Rules and of Forms for carrying out the Objects of this Act. Such General Rules shall further provide for the Sale, Transfer, Partition, and Exchange of " recorded Estates" by the Court Such Rules and Forms shall be submitted to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and approved of by him, before they shall be binding, and when made and approved of as aforesaid they shall be laid before Parliament forthwith, if Parliament is sitting, or if not within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament; and such Rules and Forms may from Time to Time be added to, rescinded, or altered by the like Authorities respectively; and all such Rules shall take effect as General Rules of the Court

56. A Seal shall be prepared for the Record of Title Office of the Court, and shall be kept in the Custody of the Officer, and all Certificates and other Documents purporting to be sealed with such Seal shall be admissible as Evidence, without further Proof.

57. If in any Proceeding to obtain the recording of any Land, or to obtain any Certificate, or otherwise in any Transaction relating to Land which is or is proposed to be put upon the Record, any Person acting either as Principal or Agent shall, knowingly

28 & 29 Vict. 3 G and

413

Court shall direct a Note to be entered to that Effect.

Power in certain Cases to record Land although an Interval has elapsed since such Land was the Subject of a Conveyance or Declaration by the Court.

Officer not to be restrained by Injunction, &c.

Indemnity for Acts done bond fide.

Days and Hours when the Office shall be open for Business.

General Rules to be made and approved of, and submitted to Parliament.

Seal of Record of Title Office.

Person making false Statement, guilty of Misdemeanor.

No Proceeding, &c. declared a Misdemeanor to affect Remedies of Persons aggrieved.

Answers to Questions, &c. not admissible in Evidence.

Provisions as to Applications made by married Women.

Provision for other Persons under Disability.

Record to be under Management of certain Officers of the Court.

Arrangements to be made for constant Attendance, &c.

Power to appoint additional Clerks

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

and with Intent to deceive, make or assist or join in or be privy to the making of any material false Statement or Representation, or suppress, conceal, or assist or join in or be privy to the suppressing, withholding, or concealing from any Judge or the Officer, or any Person assisting the Officer, any material Document, Fact, or Matter of Information, every Person so acting shall be deemed to be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and on Conviction shall be liable to be imprisoned for a Term not exceeding Three Years, and either with or without Hard Labour, or to be fined such Sum as the Court by which he is convicted shall award. The Act or Thing done or obtained by means of such Fraud or Falsehood shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes, except as against a Purchaser for valuable Consideration without Notice.

58. No Proceeding or Conviction for any Act hereby declared to be a Misdemeanor shall affect any Remedy which any Person aggrieved by such Act may be entitled to, either at Law or in Equity, against the Person who has committed such Act.

59. Nothing in this Act contained shall entitle any Person to refuse to make a complete Discovery by Answer or otherwise to any Bill or Petition in Equity, or to answer any Question or Interrogatory in any Civil Proceeding in any Court of Law or Equity, or in the Court of Bankruptcy; but no Answer to any such Bill, Question, or Interrogatory shall be admissible in Evidence against such Person in any Criminal Proceeding.

00. Where any married Woman is desirous of making any Application, giving any Consent, or doing any Act, or becoming Party to any Proceeding under this Act, her Husband's Concurrence shall be required, and she shall be examined apart from her Husband touching her Knowledge of the Nature and Effect of the Application or other Act, and it shall be ascertained that she is acting freely and voluntarily, and such Examination may be taken by the Judge. A married Woman entitled to her separate Use, and not restrained from Anticipation, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed a Feme Sole.

61. Where any Person who (if not under Disability) might have made any Application, given any Consent, done any Act, or been Party to any Proceeding under this Act, is a Minor, Idiot, or Lunatic, the Guardian or Committee of the Estate respectively of such Person may, with the Assent of a Judge, make such Applications, give such Consents, do such Acts, and be Party to such Proceedings as such Person respectively if free from Disability might have made, given, done, or been Party to, and shall otherwise, with such Assent as aforesaid, represent such Person for the Purposes of this Act. Where there is no Guardian or Committee of the Estate of any such Person as aforesaid, being infant, idiot, or lunatic, or where any Person, the Committee of whose Estates if he were idiot or lunatic would be authorized to act for and represent such Person under this Act, is of unsound Mind or incapable of managing his Affairs, but has not been found idiot or lunatic under an Inquisition, it shall be lawful for a Judge to appoint a Guardian of such Person for the Purpose of any Proceedings under this Act, and from Time to Time to change such Guardian; and where a Judge sees fit he may appoint a Person to act as the next Friend of a married Woman for the Purpose of any Proceeding under this Act, and from Time to Time remove or change such next Friend.

02. The Record shall be under the Management of the following principal Officers of the Landed Estates Court; viz., the Examiners and the Registrar, or of such One of them as the Judges shall from Time to Time direct, and in case of his Absence the Judges shall appoint One other of the said Officers to supply his Place; and the Judges shall adjust the Duties now performed by the said Officers in such Manner as may appear expedient for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall so arrange the same that some One of the said Officers shall be in attendance daily (except as aforesaid) throughout the Year and there shall be paid to such Officers or any of them, or to any other Officer or Clerk of the Court whose Duties shall be increased by the Operation of this Act, such Sum by way of increased annual Salary as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall approve, on the Recommendation of the said Judges. If the Lord Chancellor of Ireland shall now or at any Time hereafter consider it necessary or expedient, having regard to

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88. 415

the Business of the Court, that additional Clerks should be appointed, it shall be lawful to assist in the for the Judges, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, to appoint such additional Office if neces-Clerks to assist in carrying out this Act, and there shall be paid to such Clerks such Salaries 8ary' as the Judges, with the Assent of the said Commissioners, shall appoint; and such Clerks shall be removeable by the joint Order of the said Judges, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor, and shall be subject to the same Regulations, and shall hold their Offices during Pleasure, and in other respects on the same Conditions, and shall be paid out of the same Funds, and in the same Manner, as the other Clerks of the Court; and all other Expenses of carrying out this Act shall be paid out of such Monies as shall be provided by Parliament.

63. All Applications to the Judge under this Act shall be made in Chamber, and such Practice before Judge may direct any Matter before him to be argued in Court. Any Order or Decision the Judge, and or Direction of the Judge, excepting a Decision or Direction given under the Fortieth

Section of this Act, shall be subject to the like Appeal to the Court of Chancery Appeal in Ireland, and thence to the House of Lords, as is provided by the said recited Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty.

64. A Place of Address in Ireland shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Pur- Addresaofre-

; ose in the Court for every Person whose Name is entered on the Record as Owner of ^ded^w^6r^ jand or of a Charge, or as a Cautioner, or as entitled to receive any Notice; or any such for Par-TCn Person may, at his Option, give from Time to Time the Name and Address of any Solicitor pose of serving of the Court to act on his Behalf. Notices shall be deemed sufficiently served if sent Notices, through the Notice Office of the Court, or by registered Post Letter to such Address as aforesaid.

65. The Judges of the Court may frame a Scale of Costs to be paid to Solicitors or a Scale of certificated Conveyancers in respect of any Service rendered by them in relation to any Costs may be recorded Estate or Charge, or any Matter connected therewith. Such Scale shall be p^ional framed with regard to the Skill and Trouble involved and the Amount of Property affected, services in and not with regard to the Length of the Documents prepared. Such Scale shall be sub- regard to remitted to the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and shall be approved of by him before it shall corded Land* be binding, and with the .like Approval it may be varied. Such Scale shall be acted on by all Persons having by Law or by Consent of Parties Authority to tax or moderate CoSt8.

66. The Forms contained in the Schedule hereto may be used, but they may be modified Forms in Sche-or altered to suit the Circumstances of every Case, and Deeds made in such altered Forms ^en^b^8ed> shall be equally valid and effectual. varied.7

67. On the Second of November of each Year after this Act shall come into operation Return of the Judges shall furnish to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors u^D"td^lne of Ireland a Return to be laid before Parliament showing the Number of Estates recorded annu^y by under the Act during the Year, distinguishing those which are brought in and recorded the Judges, under the Fifty-first Section of this Act, and distinguishing Estates and Interests under Settlements separately recorded as aforesaid; and the Return shall also show the Amount of Fees received during the Year pursuant to this Act.

68. The Judges of the Court shall, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Judges to Majesty's Treasury, frame a Schedule of Fees to be received by the recording Officer in frameaSche-respect of the following Matters, viz .: dule 0 ee8,

1. Transfers, Transmissions, and other Dealings with recorded Estates and Charges, having regard to the Value of the Estates and the Amounts of the Charges:

2. Recording of Estates under the Fifty-first Section of this Act, having regard to the Value of such Estates;

3. Entry and Cancellation of Official Notes or Entries; Lodgment of Caveats, and of Deeds and other Documents; Issue of Certificates, and other Acts to be done by the recording Officer:

The Judges may, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, from Time to Time lower or raise such Fees, or any of them; all Fees shall be paid over so as to form Part of the

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88.

Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland; the recording Officer may also charge any Sum actually payable, according to a Scale to be sanctioned by the Judges, to a Surveyor, Printer, or Scrivener, for Services or Work necessarily done in respect of any Map, Entry, Certificate, or Copy under this Act; except as aforesaid, no Fees or Sums shall be received by any Officer or Clerk of the Court in respect of Proceedings under this Act,

Roles with regard to the Collection of Fees.

69. The following Rules shall be observed with respect to the Collection of Fees:

1. All Fees payable shall be received by Stamps denoting the Amount of Fees payable,

and not in Money:

2. When any Fee is payable in respect of a Document, a Stamp denoting the Amount of

Fee shall be affixed to or impressed on such Document:

3. Whenever an adhesive Stamp shall be used to denote Payment of any Fee, auch

Stamp shall be effectually cancelled in such Manner as the recording Officer shall direct, so as to be incapable of being used again:

4. The Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide everything that is necessary for the Collection of the Monies hereby directed to be paid by Stamps.

Stamp Acts in 70. The several Acts for the Time being in force relating to Stamps under the Care or force to apply Management of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall apply to the Stamps to be ^de^rier" provided in pursuance of this Act, and to any Document on which such Stamps may be this Act affixed or impressed, and to collecting and securing the Sums of Money denoted by Stamps, and to preventing, detecting, and punishing all Frauds, Forgeries, and other Offences relating thereto, as fully as if such Provisions had been herein repeated and specially enacted with reference to the last-mentioned Stamps and Sums of Money respectively.

SCHEDULE.

No. 1. — Form of Transfer of recorded Land.

I A.B., the recorded Owner of the under-mentioned Land, pursuant to the ''Record of Title Act, Ireland, 1865," in consideration of £ Sterling paid to me by C.D.

of &c., do grant to the said C.D. all [insert Description of Land taken from

or referring to the Record, and refer to Map {if any)], to hold to him and his Heirs for ever

for otherwise, according to the Nature of the Interest transferred]. Dated this )ay

Signed and sealed at the Record- of Title Office, Landed Estates Court, Ireland, in my Presence, > E.F. of a Solicitor of the Court.

Signature.

(Seal)

I hereby accept the above Transfer.

Signature9 Address,

No. 2. — Form of Charge.

I A.B.y the recorded Owner of the under-mentioned Land, pursuant to the "Record of Title Act, Ireland, 1865," in consideration of £ Sterling, lent to me by G.H.

of, do charge in favour of the said G.H. the Hereditaments described in

the Schedule hereto with the Principal Sura of £ repayable on the

Day

417

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 88, 89.

Day of [reducible to

and

Witness, &c., as above.

, together with Interest thereon at the Rate of per Cent,

if paid within a Month after due], and payable half-yearly, every. Dated this Day of

} Signature,

(Seal.)

I hereby accept the above Charge.

Signature and Address.

Schedule above referred to.

N.B. — This Form may be adapted to the Case of an Annuity charged on Land.

No. 3. — Form of Transfer of Charge.

I, the within-named G.H., the recorded Owner of a Charge under the "Record of Title Act, Ireland, 1865," in consideration of £ Sterling paid to me by J.K. of

, do transfer to the said J.K. the [within mentioned] Charge, on which £ now remains due [together with Interest from the last Gale Day of Interest].

Signature,

(Seal.)

I hereby accept the above Transfer.

Signature and Address.

Witness, Sec., as above.

No. 4. — Form of Power of Attorney to Transfer.

I A.B., the recorded Owner of Land [or a Charge] pursuant to the "Record of Title Act, Ireland, 1865," do hereby appoint L.M. of 8rc., Solicitor, my Attorney,

for the Purpose of [transferring to S. T. of &c., absolutely] all my Hereditaments, as entered and described in the Record of Title, under Folio [Tyrone, No. 129], and my Estate therein [or my Charge, describing it].

Signature,

Witness, &c. (Seal.)

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act to provide for the better Government of Greenwich Hospital, and the more beneficial Application of the Revenues thereof.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and " Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Greenwich Hospital Act, 1865.

2. This Act shall commence from and immediately after the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

3. In

[Short Title.]

[Commencement of Act.]

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

Interpretation of Terms.

Enactments described in Schedule repealed.

Power to order new Pensions,

See.

Power to grant Allowances to present Inmates.

Name of Pensions, &c.

Assignments, &c. void.

Pensions, Scc. to be voted.

Abolition of Commissioners, &c.

Power to remove other Officers, &c.

Annuities to be provided for Commissioners, See,

3. In this Act —

The Term "the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term "Lands" includes any Estate, Term, Easement, Right, or Interest in, to, over, or affecting Lands.

4. From and after the Commencement of this Act the Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act shall be repealed, but this Repeal shall not affect the past Operation of any such Enactment, or anything done, or Right, Title, Obligation, or Liability accrued, under any such Enactment before the Commencement of this Act, or any Offence against any such Enactment committed before the Commencement of this Act, or any Punishment, Forfeiture, Remedy, or Proceeding in respect thereof.

Pensions, Gratuities, and Allowances.

5. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council from Time to Time, by Order in Council, to appoint such Pensions as seem fit to Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Men of the Royal Navy and Marines, and Seamen of the Merchant Service for the Time being entitled to the Benefits of Greenwich Hospital, to be enjoyed by them so long only as they are not on the Establishment or Inmates of Greenwich Hospital, but in addition to any Half Pay, Pension, or other Allowance coming to them otherwise than under any such Order in Council, — and to prescribe the Conditions on which such Pensions are to be held, — and to appoint such Gratuities as seem fit to Widows of Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Royal Navy and Marines killed or drowned in the Service of the Crown.

6. The Admiralty may from Time to Time appoint to any Non-commissioned Officers and Men of the Royal Navy and Marines who were on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five Inmates of Greenwich Hospital, and who being Inmates thereof after the Commencement of this Act are willing to cease to be Inmates thereof, such Allowances as seem fit, not exceeding the Rates of Money Allowance of which, on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, they were in receipt as Inmates of the Hospital, to be enjoyed by them respectively in addition to any Pensions appointed to them under any such Order in Council.

7. Pensions and Gratuities under any such Order in Council and such Allowances shall be distinguished as Greenwich Hospital Pensions, Gratuities, and Allowances (as the Case may be); and the Pensions now known as Greenwich Out Pensions shall be called Naval Pensions.

8. Any Assignment, Sale, or Contract of or relating to any Greenwich Hospital Pension, Gratuity, or Allowance, other than such as may be made or entered into under the Authority of and in conformity with any Order in Council under this Act, shall be void.

9. Greenwich Hospital Pensions, Gratuities, and Allowances shall be in the first instance defrayed out of Money to be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

Alteration of Establishment

10. On the Commencement of this Act the several Offices of the Commissioners and of the Governor and of the Lieutenant Governor of Greenwich Hospital shall be abolished.

11. On the Commencement of this Act, or at any Time and from Time to Time thereafter, if and when for the better Execution of the Purposes of this Act it seems expedient, the Admiralty may remove from Office all or any Officers, Military or Civil, on the Establishment of Greenwich Hospital, and may remove from Employment all or any Clerks or Persons employed in connexion with the Hospital.

12. Out of the Funded Property of Greenwich Hospital there shall be purchased from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt and provided (subject and according to the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Purchase of Annuities from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt) for each of the Persons holding Office at the Commencement of this Act as the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital (other than the ex officio Commissioners), and for the Governor and the Lieutenant Governor of the

419

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

the Hospital, and for each Officer, Military or Civil, on the Establishment of the Hospital, remunerated by Salary, who is removed from Office by the Admiralty under the Provisions of this Act, an Annuity for his Life equal in Amount to the Value of the Salary and Emoluments attached to the Office of Commissioner, Governor, or Lieutenant Governor (as the Case may be), or to the Office from which each such Officer is so removed.

13. Provided, That if any Commissioner, or any Officer who is removed from Office as aforesaid, is at the Commencement of this Act entitled to receive, in addition to the Salary of his Office, any Superannuation Allowance in respect of any former Employment in the Civil Service of the Crown, he shall be entitled to continue to receive, in addition to such Annuity as aforesaid, the Amount of Superannuation Allowance which he is at the Commencement of this Act to entitled to receive, and no more.

14. Provided also. That the Officers holding the Offices of Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Greenwich Hospital at the Commencement of this Act may retain their Titles as such, and may continue to occupy their Official Residences in the Hospital, and to enjoy the Allowances and Emoluments incident to those Residences; and in case the Governor or the Lieutenant Governor elects to continue to occupy his Official Residence, the Amount of the Annuity to be purchased for him as aforesaid shall be diminished by the annual Value to him of the Residence and of the Emoluments and Allowances incident thereto.

15. Provided further. That on the Death of the Officer holding the Office of Governor of Greenwich Hospital at the Commencement of this Act, the Admiralty may appoint an Officer of the Royal Navy of Rank not lower than that of Vice Admiral to be Visitor and Governor of Greenwich Hospital during good Behaviour, and from Time to Time on any Vacancy in the said Office may appoint a Successor with the like Qualification, and may (subject to the Approval of Her Majesty in Council) fix the Salary of such Officer, and may from Time to Time assign to him as Visitor such Duties as seem fit, but so that he be not authorized to interfere with the ordinary Government of the Hospital or of the Schools thereof.

16. Out of the Funded Property of Greenwich Hospital there shall be purchased as aforesaid and provided for each Clerk or other Person employed in a subordinate Civil Capacity in connexion with Greenwich Hospital, and remunerated wholly or in part by Salary, who is removed from Employment by the Admiralty under the Provisions of this Act, an Annuity not less in Amount than the Superannuation Allowance to which a Person subject to The Superannuation Act, 1859, would under like Circumstances be entitled on Abolition of his Office.

17. Every Annuity provided as aforesaid shall be held and enjoyed by the Person for whom it is provided without Prejudice to his Right (if any) to the continued Receipt of any Naval or Military Pension or Half Pay which he received while holding the Office of Commissioner, Governor, or Lieutenant Governor, or while holding such other Office or Employment as aforesaid, subject, however, to the subsequent Provisions of this Act.

18. The Admiralty may at any Time require any Clerk or other Person employed in a subordinate Civil Capacity in connexion with Greenwich Hospital, for whom an Annuity is provided as aforesaid, to serve in England under the Admiralty in any suitable Civil Capacity, regard being had to the former Position of such Person in connexion with the Hospital, and at a Salary not less than the Amount of the Emoluments of his Employment in connexion with the Hospital; and if any such Clerk or other Person being required fails so to serve, the Admiralty may direct that the Annuity so provided for him cease to be paid to him, and the same shall so cease, and shall revert to and be deemed Part of the Income of Greenwich Hospital.

19. Where any Commissioner, Officer, Clerk or Person, while in receipt of an Annuity provided as aforesaid, is appointed to any Office under the Crown or under the Admiralty, then, if the Annuity #is equal to or greater than the annual Emoluments of the Office to which he is appointed, the Annuity shall be received by him in full Discharge of those Emoluments, and if the Annuity is less than those Emoluments, the Amount of the Annuity shall be received by him in discharge of an equal Amount of those Emoluments.

Hospital

Continuance of Superannuation Allowance.

As to Title#, &c. of Governor and Lieut Governor.

Appointment of Visitor and Governor.

Annuities to be provided for Clerks, &c. if removed.

Annuity to be held with Half Pay, &c.

Power to require Clerks for whom Annuities have been provided to serve in any suitable Capacity.

Provision as to Annuities on Appointment to Offices.

As to Government of the Hospital, &c.

Expenses to be paid oat of Money provided by Parliament.

As to Transfer of Real Property.

Lands to be held for Benefit of Hospital and subject to this Act and 27 & 28 Vict c. 57.

Qoitrents, &c. for Lands.

Services 6f Tenants.

Protection of existing Leases.

Payment of Rents and Profits into Bank.

Expenses of

Management,

&c

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

Hospital and Schools.

20. The Government of Greenwich Hospital and of the Schools of the Hospital, including the Authority to establish from Time to Time Regulations for the Admission of Inmates into the Hospital and of Children into the Schools, shall be vested exclusively in the Admiralty, but any such Regulations shall not have effect unless and until they are approved by Her Majesty in Council; and the Admiralty shall from Time to Time continue or appoint such Officers, Clerks, and Servants for the Purposes of the Hospital and Schools as seem fit, and may (subject to the Approval of Her Majesty in Council) fix the Salaries of such Officers and Clerks, and may regulate the Wages of such Servants, and may from Time to Time remove any of the Officers, Clerks, and Servants, and appoint others in their Stead.

21. From and after the Commencement of this Act the Expenses of the Maintenance and Government of Greenwich Hospital and of the Schools of the Hospital shall be in the first instance defrayed out of Money to be provided by Parliament for that Purpose.

Property.

22. All Lands which at the Commencement of this Act are by virtue of any Act of Parliament or Letters Patent, or otherwise, settled on or vested in or held by or in trust for the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, shall thenceforth, by virtue of this Act, remain and be settled on and vested in the Admiralty for the Time being for such Estate or Interest as at the Commencement of this Act the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital have therein.

23. All Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act shall go to and be held by the Lord High Admiral for the Time being or the Commissioners for the Time being for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, in succession, in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the exclusive Benefit of Greenwich Hospital; and, subject thereto and to the other Provisions of this Act, the same shall be held in the same Manner, and with, under, and according to the same Powers, Restrictions, and Provisions, as Lands vested in the Admiralty under The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864.

24. Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act shall continue subject to any Quitrents, Crown Rents, and Duchy Rents to which the same are respectively liable, os if this Act had not been passed.

25. On the Death of every successive Queen or King of this Realm, and at all other customary Times, all such Acts and Services shall be done and performed, and all such Fines and Sums of Money shall be paid, by the Tenants of the Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act, as by ancient Tenure, or by any Contract, Law, or Custom, or otherwise, have been or ought to be done, performed, and paid by them, and as if this Act had not been passed; and on their Default the same Forfeitures and Penalties shall accrue as would have accrued if the said Lands were vested in Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, individually and not in a political Capacity, and as if this Act had not been passed.

26. Every Lease made before the Commencement of this Act of Lands of Greenwich Hospital shall be as valid and binding in favour of and against the Admiralty as if the Admiralty had been therein named as the Lessors.

27. The Rents and Profits of the Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act shall, as and when received, be paid, without Deduction, into the Bank of England, to the Cash Account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, who shall keep in his Books a separate Account to be called The Greenwich Hospital Income Account, and shall carry thereto the Sums so paid in.

28. The Expenses of Management of the Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act, and all necessary and proper Outgoings in respect thereof, shall be defrayed, under the Direction of the Admiralty, out of the Money for the Time being standing to the Credit of the Greenwich Hospital Income Account.

29. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89. 421

29. The Power of the Admiralty to make Leases of any of the Lands vested in them by Restrictions on virtue of this Act shall be exercised subject and according to the following Restrictions leasin8-

and Provisions:

First, The Term of an Agricultural Lease shall not exceed Twenty-one Years, of a Building Lease Ninety-nine Years, and of a Mining Lease Forty-two Years:

Secondly, Every Lease shall take effect in Possession and not in Reversion, and there shall be reserved thereby the best yearly Rent, to be incident to the immediate Reversion, that can reasonably be gotten; and a Fine or anything in the Nature thereof shall not be taken:

Thirdly, There shall be contained in every Lease a Condition of Re-entry for Nonpayment of Rent:

Fourthly, The Lessee shall execute a Counterpart of every Lease, and shall thereby covenant for Payment of the Rent thereby reserved:

Fifthly, In the Case of an Agricultural or Building Lease, the Lessee shall not be made dispunishable for Waste:

Sixthly, In the Case of a Building Lease a Rent smaller than the Rent ultimately payable may be reserved for all or any Part of the first Five Years of the Term:

Seventhly, In the Case of a Mining Lease, Rent maybe reserved by way of Toll, Duty,

Royalty, or Reservation, by the Acre, the Ton, or otherwise.

30. The Admiralty, with the Approval of Her Majesty in Council, may from Time Power to make

to Time make free Grants of Land Part of the Lands vested in them by virtue of this Grante of

Act, and Grants of Money, for the Erection of Buildings and providing Conveniences for Places of Worship, Residence of Ministers, Education of Children, or other public &c.

Purposes (so that any such Grant of Land do not include any Right to the Minerals under the Land granted, or comprise more than Two Acres in any One Parish).

31. Any Purchase Money paid to Her Majesty's Paymaster General in respect of As to Purchase any Part of the Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act no longer required Money of Land to be held by the Admiralty for the Benefit of the Hospital, and accordingly sold by them sold* under the Powers of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864, as applied by this Act, shall be carried by him to an Account to be called The Greenwich Hospital Capital Account.

32. On or as soon as may be after the Commencement of this Act the Governor and Transfer of Company of the Bank of England shall, on Requisition in Writing from the Admiralty, Stock* cause all Bank Annuities then standing in the Books of the Governor and Company

of the Bank of England in the Names of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to be transferred to an Account to be called The Account of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being ex parte Greenwich Hospital, and the same shall belong to the Admiralty on behalf of Her Majesty for the exclusive Benefit of Greenwich Hospital.

33. The Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall from Time to Time, Payment of under the Direction of the Admiralty, place to the Cash Account of Her Majesty's Pay- dividends. master General the Dividends for the Time being accrued due in respect of the Bank Annuities held by the Admiralty for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital (inclusive of any such Dividend accrued due but not paid before the Commencement of this Act), and the same shall be carried to the Greenwich Hospital Income Account.

34. On the Commencement of this Act the Governor and Company of the Bank of Transfer of

England shall transfer any Cash Balance, then standing in their Books belonging to Cash Balances, the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to the Cash Account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, who shall carry the same to the Greenwich Hospital Income Account.

35. All Personal Property not in the foregoing Provisions specified belonging to the Transfer of

Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital is hereby vested in Her Majesty and Her Successors other Per»<>nal for the exclusive Benefit of Greenwich Hospital. Property.

28 & 29 Vict. 3 H 36. All

Payment of other Income.

Not to affect Sect 2. of 4 & 5 W. 4. c. 34. as to Charge on Consolidated Fund.

Conversion of Stock, &c.

Transfers between Capital and Income Accounts.

Change of Investment and Purchase of Lands.

27 & 28 Vict c. 57. to apply to this Act Vesting of Lands purchased.

Devises, &c. for Hospital

Sale of Advowsons to be arranged similar to those contained in 26 & 27 Vict c. 120.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

36. All Income not in the foregoing Provisions specified arising from Property held for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, or otherwise accruing to the Hospital, shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Cash Account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, who shall carry the same to the Greenwich Hospital Income Account.

37. Nothing in this Act shall affect the Provisions of Section Two of the Act of the Session of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth (Chapter Thirty-four)," to repeal the Laws relating to the Contribution out of Merchant Seamen's if Wages towards the Support of the Royal Naval Hospital at Greenwich, and for supplying " other Funds in lieu thereof," whereby there is annually charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, save only that after the Commencement of this Act that Sum shall be carried to the Greenwich Hospital Income Account, instead of being paid to the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital.

38. The Admiralty may from Time to Time, with a view to the Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act, or to a Change of Investment, convert into Money any Bank Annuities, Stocks, Funds, or Securities for the Time being held by them for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, and all such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England to the Cash Account of Her Majesty's Paymaster General, who shall carry the same to the Greenwich Hospital Capital Account.

39. Her Majesty's Paymaster General shall from Time to Time, under the Direction of the Admiralty, carry over such Sums as Circumstances require from the Greenwich Hospital Income Account to the Greenwich Hospital Capital Account, and vice versd,

40. The Admiralty may from Time to Time lay out or invest any Cash standing to the Greenwich Hospital Capital Account in the Purchase of any Bank Annuities, or in or on any Stocks, Funds, or Securities the Principal or Interest whereof is charged on or payable, by way of Guarantee or otherwise, out of the Revenues of the United Kingdom or of India, or on Mortgage of Freehold Lands in the United Kingdom, or, with the Approval in each Instance of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, in or on any other Stocks, Funds, or Securities, or, with the like Approval, in the Purchase of Lands.

41. The Provisions of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864, shall apply to and for the Purposes of every such Purchase of Lands.

42. Lands so purchased shall be assured to the Admiralty, and the same shall go and be held in the same Manner, and with, under, and according to the same Powers, Restrictions, and Provisions, as the Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act

43. Any Person may, notwithstanding any Statute passed or to be passed restraining Alienation in Mortmain or Dispositions for Charitable Uses, by Deed or Testamentary Writing, grant, give, or appoint any Property for any Estate or Interest for which he is empowered to dispose thereof, to be held for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital; and the same (according to the Nature and Quality of such Property) shall accordingly be held as the Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act are held, or as Personal Property by this Act vested in Her Majesty and Her Successors, for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, is held.

44. The Admiralty shall sell and convey the Advowsons of and Rights of Presentation to the Benefices and Perpetual Curacies belonging to Greenwich Hospital, discharged from the Provisions of any Act of Parliament relative thereto other than this Act, and subject and according to the Provisions of a Scheme to be prepared by the Admiralty with the Advice and Assistance of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England, and to be approved by Her Majesty in Council, the Arrangements made by such Scheme to be as nearly as Circumstances admit similar to the Arrangements contained in The Lord Chancellors Augmentation Act (1863), subject to the following Provisions:

(1.) One Moiety of the Purchase Money received on any such Sale shall be applied to the Creation and Maintenance of a Fund for the Benefit of Retired Naval Chaplains, the Mode of Creation and Maintenance of the Fund and the Application thereof to be from Time to Time determined by Order in Council:

(2.) The

423

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

(2.) The other Moiety of the Purchase Money shall be applied to the Augmentation of the Income of any of the said Benefices and Perpetual Curacies in manner prescribed by any such Scheme:

The Draft of any such Scheme shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament One Month at least before the Scheme is submitted for the Approval of Her Majesty in Council.

46. The following Mark may be applied in or on Stores used or intended to be used for Marked Stores the Purposes of Greenwich Hospital, to denote Her Majesty's Property in Stores so marked, jJavl^Stores namely, — an Anchor, surmounted with a Naval Crown, with Two Flags over the Crown, aa in 27 & 28 and the Letter G on one Side, and the Letter H on the other Side; and Stores used or Vict* 1* intended to be used as aforesaid shall be deemed Naval Stores within the Meaning of The Naval and Victualling Stores Act, 1864, and that Act shall apply thereto as if the Mark in the present Section described were described in the Schedule to that Act; and that Act shall apply to all Stores so marked before the Commencement of this Act becoming by virtue of this Act the Property of Her Majesty.

46. There shall be an Officer styled The Comptroller of the Greenwich Hospital Estate, Comptroller of who shall be appointed by the Admiralty on behalf of Her Majesty, and shall hold Office

during the Pleasure of the Admiralty, and shall have the general Superintendence, under the Direction of the Admiralty, of the Lands and other Property held for the Benefit of the Hospital.

Accounts,

47. The Accountant General of the Navy shall annually prepare and submit to the Audit of Ac-Commissioners for auditing the Publio Accounts Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of counts of Pro-the Capital and of the Income derived from the Lands'and Property held for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital; and the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall audit

the same as nearly as may be in like Manner as they audit the Accounts rendered by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and in relation to such Audit the Admiralty and the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall respectively have the like Powers, as nearly as may be, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury and the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts respectively have in relation to the Audit of the Accounts rendered by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues.

48. The Accounts of all Money provided by Parliament for any of the Purposes of this Audit of Act shall be audited and allowed in the same Manner as the Accounts of Money granted Money voted, and expended for Naval Services.

49. The Admiralty shall lay all the several Accounts so audited, with the Report Account* to be thereon of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, before both Houses of laid before Parliament within Fourteen Days after the Completion of the Audit for each Year, if Parliament Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within Fourteen Days after the next meeting of Parliament

50. The Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall, as soon as may be after Certificate of the Completion of the Audit for each Year of Money provided by Parliament for any of the Amount ex-Purposes of this Act, furnish to the Admiralty a Certificate of the Amount expended in that Pended *

Year out of Money so provided.

5L In every Year, as soon as may be after the Receipt by the Admiralty of such Certi- Repayment of ficate from the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, Her Majesty's Paymaster Money ex-General shall under the Direction of the Admiralty pay from the Greenwich Hospital ^datedF^nd Income Account into the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer a Sum, to be carried to and to form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, equal to the Amount certified by such Certificate to have been expended in the Year to which the Certificate relates, together with a Sum equal to Fifteen Pounds per Head on the Number of Men by which the average Number of the Inmates of Greenwich Hospital during that Year falls short of One thousand four hundred; but with respect to the First Half Year after the Commencement of this Act a proportionate Part only of such last-mentioned Sum for that Half Year shall be paid.

Action* by Admiralty.

Saving Rights of Crown.

Power to sue by Information, & c.

Transfer of Contracts, &c.

Continuance of Actions, &c.

Powers may be exercised by Two Lords.

Style of Admiralty in Deeds, &c.

Protection of Admiralty.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89.

Miscellaneous.

52. The Admiralty may institute or defend any Action or Suit relative to any Lands contracted to be purchased or taken by the Admiralty for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, and may institute any Action of Ejectment or other Action or any Suit for recovering Possession of any Lands vested in or purchased or taken by the Admiralty for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, and may distrain or sue for any Arrears of Rent due to the Admiralty in respect thereof, and may institute any Action or Suit in respect of any Trespass or Encroachment committed thereon or Damage done thereto, or any other Action or Suit in respect thereof, and may defend any Action or Suit in respect thereof; and in every such Action or Suit the Admiralty may be styled " The Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom," or " The Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom," (as the Case requires,) without more; and any such Action or Suit shall not be affected by any Change in the Admiralty; and in any such Action or Suit the Admiralty shall be liable and entitled to pay or receive Costs according to the ordinary Law and Practice relative to Costs.

53. Nothing in this Act shall take away or abridge in any Action or Suit the legal Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, but in all Actions and Suits instituted by or against the Admiralty in relation to Lands held for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, and in all Proceedings and Matters connected therewith, the Admiralty may exercise and enjoy all such Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives as are for the Time being exercised and enjoyed in any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, as if the Crown were actually a Party to such Action or Suit.

54. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to proceed by Information in the Court of Exchequer, or by any other Crown Process, legal or equitable, in any Case in which it would have been competent for Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, so to proceed if no Provisions respecting Procedure had been inserted in this Act.

55. All Debts and Obligations incurred, all Contracts entered into, and all Matters and Things engaged to be done by, with, or for the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital shall be deemed to have been incurred, entered into, or engaged to be done by, with, or for the Admiralty on behalf of Her Majesty; and all such Debts, Obligations, Contracts, Matters, and Things shall be enforceable by or against the Admiralty on behalf of Her Majesty to the same Extent as the same would, if this Act had not passed, have been enforceable by or against the Commissioners of Greenwich Hhospital

56. All Actions, Suits, and other legal Proceedings commenced, or which, if this Act had not been passed, might have been commenced, by or against the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, may be continued or instituted by or against the Admiralty on behalf of Her Majesty.

57. All Powers, Authorities, and Duties by this Act conferred and imposed on the Admiralty may be exercised and performed by any Two of the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

58. In all Deeds, Powers of Attorney, and Instruments relating to any Lands, Stocks, Funds, Securities, Property, or Thing vested in, or standing in the Names of, or under the Control of the Admiralty for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, or whereto the Admiralty in relation to Greenwich Hospital are Parties, the Admiralty may be styled " The Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom " or " The Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom," (as the Case may require,) without the Name or Names of him or them or any of them being expressed.

59. The Admiralty shall not, by reason of anything done or omitted to be done in the Execution or intended Execution of this Act, or in relation to any Lands vested in the Admiralty by virtue of this Act or purchased by the Admiralty under this Act, be liable

collectively

425

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 89, 90.

collectively or individually to any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, or to Execution of any Process against Person or Property.

80. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and if not, then within One Month after the next meeting of Parliament.

SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed.

10 Geo. 4. c. 25. in part.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 67.

An Act to provide for the better Management of the Affairs 1 of Greenwich Hospital -

Except Sections Thirty-five and Thirty-six.

The Greenwich Hospital (Provision for Widows) Act, 1863.

CAP. XC.

An Act for the Establishment of a Fire Brigade within the Metropolis.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make further Provision for the Protection of Life and |>r0perty from Fire within the Metropolis:' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Metropolitan Fire Brigade Act, 1865."

2. For the Purposes of this Act the " Metropolis" shall mean the City of London and all other Parishes and Places for the Time being within the Jurisdiction of the Metropolitan Board of Works:

" Insurance Company " shall include any Persons corporate or unincorporate, or any Person carrying on the Business of Fire Insurance.

3. The Expression " Metropolis Local Management Acts" shall mean the Acts following; that is to say," The Metropolis Management Act, 1855," " The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1856," and "The Metropolis Management Amendment Act, 1862."

Establishment and Duties of Fire Brigade.

4. On and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six the Duty of extinguishing Fires and protecting Life and Property in case of Fire shall within the Metropolis be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be entrusted to the Metropolitan Board of Works; and with a view to the Performance of that Duty it shall be lawful for them to provide and maintain an efficient Force of Firemen, and to furnish them with all such Fire Engines, Horses, Accoutrements, Tools, and Implements as may be necessary for the complete Equipment of the Force, or conducive to the efficient Performance of their Duties.

5. The said Board, herein-after referred to as the Board, may take on Lease, purchase, or otherwise acquire Stations for Engines, Stables, Houses for Firemen, and such other Houses, Buildings, or Land as they may think requisite for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, and may from Time to Time sell any Property acquired by or vested in them for the Purposes of this Act:

The

Publication &c. of Orders in Council.

[Short Title.]

Definition of " Metropolis " and "Insurance Company."

Definition of " Metropolis Local Management Acts."

Duty of Metropolitan Board in relation to Fires.

Purchase of Buildings and Land.

Transfer of Plant of existing Fire Offices.

Constitution of Fire Brigade.

Salaries of Fire Brigade.

Power to make Regulations for Fire Brigade.

Compensation to Parish Officers.

As to Purchase of Fire Escapes.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 90.

The Board may also contract with any Company or Persons authorized to establish the same for the Establishment of Telegraphic Communication between the several Stations in which their Fire Engines or Firemen are placed, and between any of such Stations and other Parts of the Metropolis.

6. On and after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six all Stations, Fire Engines, Fire Escapes, Plant, and other Property belonging to or used by the Fire Engine Establishment of the Insurance Companies in the Metropolis shall vest in or be conveyed or assigned to the Board for all the Estate and Interest of the said Companies therein, upon trust to be applied by the Board to the Purposes of this Act, but subject to all legal Liabilities and Obligations attaching thereto, including the Payment of all Pensions that have been granted to the Members of the said Fire Engine Establishment, according to a List that has been furnished to the Chairman of the said Board by the Chief Officer of the said Fire Engine Establishment, and all Trustees for the same shall be indemnified against such Liabilities and Obligations. The Board may also, if they think fit, purchase the Stations, Fire Engines, and Plant belonging to any Parish, Place, or Body of Persons within their Jurisdiction.

7. The Force of Firemen established under this Act, herein-after called the Metropolitan Fire Brigade, shall be under the Command of an Officer, to be called the Chief Officer of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade.

The Chief Officer and Men composing the said Fire Brigade shall be appointed fand removed at the Pleasure of the Board.

8. The Board shall pay such Salaries as they think expedient to the said Fire Brigade. They may also make such Regulations as they think fit with respect to the Compensation to be made to them in case of Accident, or to their Wives or Families in case of their Death; also with respect to the Pensions or Allowances to be paid to them in case of Retirement; also with respect to the Gratuities to be paid to Persons giving Notices of Fires; also with respect to Gratuities by way of a gross Sum or annual Payment to be from Time to Time awarded to any Member of the said Force, or to any other Person for extraordinary Services performed in Cases of Fire; also with respect to Gratuities to Turncocks belonging to Waterworks from which a Supply of Water is quickly derived.

9. The Board may by Byelaws make Regulations for the Training, Discipline, and good Conduct of the Men belonging to the said Fire Brigade, for their speedy Attendance with Engines, Fire Escapes, and all necessary Implements on the Occasion of any Alarm of Fire, and generally for the Maintenance in a due State of Efficiency of the said Brigade, and may annex to any Breach of such Regulations Penalties not exceeding in Amount Forty Shillings, but no Byelaw under this Section shall be of any Validity unless it is made and confirmed in manner directed by the Metropolis Local Management Acts; and all the Provisions of the said Acts relating to Byelaws shall, with the necessary Variations, apply to any Byelaws made in pursuance of this Act

10. The Vestry of any Parish or Place in the Metropolis may allow such Compensation as they think just to any Engine Keeper or other Person employed in the Service of Fire Engines who has hitherto been paid out of any Rate raiseable in such Parish or Plaoe, and who is deprived of his Employment by or in consequence of the passing of this Act, and any Compensation so allowed shall be paid out of the Rate out of which the Salary of the Officer so compensated was payable.

11. The Board may make such Arrangements as they think fit as to establishing Fire Escapes throughout the Metropolis. They may for that Purpose contribute to the Funds of the Royal Society for the Protection of Life from Fire, or of any existing Society that provides Fire Escapes, or may purchase or take by Agreement the Property of any existing Society in their Stations and Fire Escapes, and generally may maintain such Fire Escapes and do such Things as they think expedient towards aiding Persons to escape from Fire; and any Expenses incurred by them in pursuance of this Section shall be deemed to be Expenses incurred in carrying into effect this Act.

12. On

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 90.

42?

12. On the Occasion of a Fire the Chief or other Officer in charge of the Fire Brigade As to Powers may, in his Discretion, take the Command of any Volunteer Fire Brigade or other Persons gri^e who voluntarily place their Services at his Disposal, and may remove, or order any Fireman to remove, any Persons who interfere by their Presence with the Operations of the Fire Brigade, and generally he may take any Measures that appear expedient for the Protection of Life and Property, with Power by himself or his Men to break into or through, or take possession of, or pull down any Premises for the Purpose of putting an End to a Fire, doing as little Damage as possible; he may also on any such Occasion cause the Water to be shut off from the Mains and Pipes of any District, in order to give a greater Supply and Pressure of Water in the District in which the Fire has occurred; and no Water Company shall be liable to any Penalty or Claim by reason of any Interruption of the Supply of Water occasioned only by Compliance with the Provisions of this Section.

All Police Constables shall be authorized to aid the Fire Brigade in the Execution of their Duties. They may close any Street in or near which a Fire is burning, and they may of their own Motion, or on the Request of the Chief or other Officer of the Fire Brigade, remove any Persons who interfere by their Presence with the Operations of the Fire Brigade.

Any Damage occasioned by the Fire Brigade in the due Execution of their Duties shall be deemed to be Damage by Fire within the Meaning of any Policy of Insurance against Fire.

Expenses.

13. Every Insurance Company that insures from Fire any Property in the Metropolis CoatributieM shall pay annually to the Metropolitan Board of Works, by way of Contribution toward office!*11*11* the Expenses of carrying this Act into effect, a Sum after the Rate of Thirty-five Pounds in the One million Pounds on the gross Amounts insured by it, except by way of Reassurance, in respect of Property in the Metropolis for a Year and at a like Rate for any fractional Part of a Million, and for any fractional Part of a Year as well as for any Number of Years for which the Insurance may be made, renewed, or continued.

The said Payments by Insurance Companies shall be made quarterly in advance, on the First of January, First of April, First of July, and First of October in every Year; the First of such Payments to t)e made on the First of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and such First Payment and the other Payments for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six to be based upon the Amounts insured by the several Companies in respect of Property in the Metropolis in the Year ending the Twenty-fourth of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four: Provided that any Insurance Company which at the Time of the passing of this Act contributes to the Expenses of the said Fire Engine Establishment may, in respect of all Payments to be made by it in the Years One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six and One thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven, but not afterwards, contribute after the yearly Rate of Thirty-five Pounds in One million Pounds of the Business in respect of which it contributes to the said Fire Engine Establishment for the present Year, according to a Return which has been furnished to the Chairman of the said Metropolitan Board, instead of in the Manner in this Act provided.

14. Ail Contributions due from an Insurance Company to the Board in pursuance of this Mode of en-

Act shall be deemed to be Specialty Debts due from the Company to the Board, and be Con-

recovered accordingly. tributions.

15. For the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount to be contributed by every such Mode of as-Insurance Company as aforesaid, every insurance Company insuring Property from Fire in certaining the Metropolis shall, on the Thirtieth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and ^tri^<tion0f sixty-five, with respect to the Amounts insured in the Year One thousand eight hundred

and sixty-four, and on the First of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and on every succeeding First of June, or on such other Days as the Metropolitan Board of Works may appoint, make a Return to the said Board, in such Form as they may require, of the gross Amount insured by it in respect of Property in the Metropolis.

There shall be annexed to the Return so made a Declaration made by the Secretary or other Officer performing the Duties of Secretary of the Company by whom it is made,

stating

428

Penalty on Insurance Company not making Return.

Examination of Books of Insurance Companies.

Contributions by Government towards Expense of Brigade.

Expenses of Act not specially provided for.

Penalty on Nonpayment of Rate by Overseers.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE. c. 90.

stating that he has examined the Return with the Books of the Company, and that to the best of his Knowledge, Information, and Belief it contains a true and faithful Account of the gross Amount of the Sums insured by the Company to which lie belongs in respect of Property in the Metropolis.

The Return made in the June of One Year shall not come into effect till the First of January of the succeeding Year and shall be the Basis of the Contributions for that Year.

16. If any Insurance Company makes default in making such Returns to the Board as are required by this Act, it shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day during which it is so in default.

17. The Secretary or other Officer having the Custody of the Books and Papers of any Insurance Company that is required to pay a Contribution to the Board in pursuance of this Act shall allow any Officer appointed by the Board to inspect, during the Hours of Business, any Books and Papers that will enable him to ascertain the Amount of Property insured by such Company in the Metropolis, and the Amount for which it is insured, and to make Extracts from such Books or Papers; and any Secretary or other such Officer as aforesaid of a Company failing to comply with the Requisitions of this Section in respect of such Inspections and Extracts shall be liable on summary Conviction to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence.

18. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall pay or cause to be paid to the Board by way of Contribution to the Expenses of maintaining the Fire Brigade such Sums ns Parliament may from Time to Time grant for that Purpose, not exceeding in any One Year the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds.

19. For the Purpose of defraying all Expenses that may be incurred by the Board in carrying into effect this Act which are not otherwise provided for the Board may from Time to Time issue their Precepts to the Overseers of the Poor of every Parish or Place within the Metropolis, requiring the Overseers to pay over the Amount mentioned in the Precepts to the Treasurer of the Board or into a Bank to be named in the Precepts within Forty Days from the Delivery of the Precept.

The Overseers shall comply with the Requisitions of any such Precept by paying the Sums mentioned out of any Monies in their Hands applicable to the Relief of the Poor, or by levying the Amount required as Part of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor, but no Contribution required to be paid by any Parish or Place under this Section shall exceed in the whole in any One Year the Rate of One Halfpenny in the Pound on the full and fair annual Value of Property rateable to the Relief of the Poor within the said Parish or Place, such full and fair annual Value to be computed in all Parts of the Metropolis, exclusive of the City of London, according to the last Valuation for the Time being acted on in assessing the County Rate, or, where there is no County Rate, according to a like Estimate or Basis; and no Liberty, Precinct, or Place shall be exempt from the Rate leviable for the Purposes of this Act by reason of its being extra-parochial or otherwise; and in default of proper Officers in any Liberty, Precinct, or Place to assess or levy the said Rate, the Board may appoint such Officers, and add the Amount of any Expenses so incurred to the Amount to be raised by the next succeeding Rate in such Liberty, Precinct, or Place.

Overseers shall, for the Purposes of levying any Amount required to be levied by them under this Act, have the same Powers and be subject to the same Obligations as in levying a Rate for the Relief of the Poor.

The Word " Overseers " shall include any Persons or Bodies of Persons authorized or required to make and collect or cause to be collected Rates applicable to the Relief of the Poor; and such Persons or Bodies shall pay to the Board the Amount so mentioned in the Precept out of the said Rates.

20. In case the Amount ordered by any such Precept as aforesaid to be paid by the Overseers of any Parish or Place be not paid in manner directed by such Precept and within the Time therein specified for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, upon the Complaint by the Board or by any Person authorized by the Board,

to

429

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 90.

to issue his Warrant for levying the Amount or so much thereof as may be in arrear by Distress and Sale of the Goods of all or any of the said Overseers, and in case the Goods of all the Overseers be not sufficient to pay the same, the Arrears thereof shall be added to the Amount of the next Levy which is directed to be made in such Parish or Place for the Purposes of this Act, and shall be collected by the like Methods.

21. The Board may, with the Consent of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, Power to borrow any Sum not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, and apply the same for the Purposes Board, with of this Act, and all Powers contained in the Metropolis Local Management Acts authorizing

the Board to borrow Money, or any Commissioners or Persons to lend Money to the Board, borrow not and all other Provisions as to the Mode of borrowing, the Repayment of Principal or exceeding Interest, or in anywise relating to borrowing by the Board, shall be deemed to apply and 40,000 to extend to this Act in the same Manner as if the Monies borrowed in pursuance of this Act were Monies borrowed for the Purpose of defraying the Expenses of the Metropolis Local Management Acts, or One or more of those Acts. The.Board shall apply the Monies received by them under this Act in liquidation of the Principal and Interest of the Monies so borrowed, but no Creditor shall be concerned to see to such Application, or be liable for any Misapplication of the Monies received or borrowed by the Board in pursuance of this Act.

Miscellaneous.

22. Where any Chief Officer, or other Person who has been employed by the Board in Power to turn any Capacity under this Act and has been discharged therefrom, continues to occupy any officere ^, House or Building that may be provided for his Use, or any Part thereof, after One Week's out 0fHouse* Notice in Writing from the Board to deliver up Possession thereof, it shall be lawful for provided for any Police Magistrate, on the Oath of One Witness, stating such Notice to have been them-

fiven, by Warrant under his Hand to order any Constable to enter into the House or tuilding occupied by such discharged Chief Officer or other Person as aforesaid, and to remove him and his Family and Servants therefrom, and afterwards to deliver the Possession thereof to the Board, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Sheriff having Jurisdiction within the Place where such House or Building is situate might lawfully do by virtue of a Writ of Possession or a Judgment at Law.

23. If the Chimney of any House or other Building within the Metropolis is on fire. Penalty where the Occupier of such House or Building shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty ^eys m Shillings; but if such Occupier proves that he has incurred such Penalty by reason of the Neglect or wilful Default of any other Person, he may recover summarily from such Person the whole or any Part of the Penalty he may have incurred as Occupier.

24. All Penalties imposed by this Act, or by any Byelaw made in pursuance thereof. Recovery of and all Expenses and other Sums due to the Board in pursuance of this Act, in respect of Penalties, which no Mode of Recovery is prescribed, may be recovered summarily before Two Justices in manner directed by the Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, or any Act amending the same, and when so recovered shall be paid to the Treasurer of the Board, notwithstanding any Police Act or other Act of Parliament directing a different Appropriation of such Monies.

25. Any Dispute or other Matter which is by this Act directed to be determined sum- Summary Pro-marily by Two Justices shall be deemed to be a Matter in respect of which a Complaint is ceedinga for made upon which they have Authority by Law to make an Order for Payment of Money within the Meaning of the said Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Matters. Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, or any Act amending the same.

26. Any Act, Power, or Jurisdiction hereby authorized to be done or exercised by Two Extension of Justices may be done or exercised by the following Magistrates within their respective 8j^en

Jurisdictions; that is to say, by any Metropolitan Police Magistrate sitting alone at a {ices Police Court or other appointed Place, or by the Lord Mayor of the City of London, or any Alderman of the said City, sitting alone or with others at the Mansion House or Guildhall.

28 & 29 Vict. 3 I 27. The

430

Audit of Accounts and Keport by Board.

Power to delegate Powers of Board to a Committee.

Establishment of Salvage Force by Insurance Offices.

Brigade when employed beyond the Metropolis, or on special Services.

Board to send Information of Fires to Offices.

Transfer to Board of Powers of Parishes as to Fireplugs.

Definition of Owner."

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 90.

27. The Accounts of the Board in respect of Expenses incurred by them under this Act shall be audited in the same Manner as if they were Expenses incurred under the said Metropolis Local Management Acts, and the Board shall in each Year make a Export to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State of all Acts done and Expenditure incurred by them in pursuance of this Act, and that Report shall be laid before Parliament within One Month after the Commencement of the Session.

28. The Board may delegate any Powers conferred on them by this Act to a Committee of their Body; and such Committee shall, to the Extent to which such Powers are delegated, be deemed to be the Board within the Meaning of this Act

29. If the Companies insuring Property within the Metropolis, or any such Number of them as may in the Opinion of the said Board be sufficient, establish a Force of Men charged with the Duty of attending at Fires and saving insured Property, it shall be the Duty of the Fire Brigade, with the Sanction of the Board, and subject to any Regulations that may be made by the Board, to afford the necessary Assistance to that Force in the Performance of their Duties, and, upon the Application of any Officer of that Force, to hand over to their Custody Property that may be saved from Fire; and no Charge shall be made by the said Board for the Services thus rendered by the Fire Brigade.

30. It shall be lawful for the Board, when Occasion requires, to permit any Part of the Fire Brigade Establishment, with their Engines, Escapes, and other Implements, to proceed beyond the Limits of the Metropolis for the Purpose of extinguishing Fires. In such Case the Owner and Occupier of the Property where the Fire has occurred shall be jointly and severally liable to defray all the Expenses that may be incurred by the Fire Brigade in attending the Fire, and shall pay to the Board a reasonable Charge for the Attendance of the Fire Brigade, and the Use of their Engines, Escapes, and other Implements. In case of Difference between the Board and the Owner and Occupier of such Property, or either of them, the Amount of the Expenses, as well as the Propriety of the Fire Brigade attending such Fire (if the Propriety thereof be disputed), shall be summarily determined by Two Justices. In default of Payment, any Expenses under this Section may be recovered by the Board in a summary Manner.

The Board may also permit any Part of the Fire Brigade Establishment to be employed on special Services upon such Terms of Remuneration as the said Board may think just.

31. The Metropolitan Fire Brigade shall in the Morning of each Day, with the Exception of Sundays, send Information, by Post or otherwise, to all the Insurance Offices contributing for the Purposes of this Act, of all Fires which have taken place within the Metropolis since the preceding Return, in such Form as may be agreed upon between the Board and the said Companies.

32. All the Powers now exercised by any Local Body or Officer within the Metropolis as respects Fireplugs shall henceforth be exercised by the Board, and the Board shall be entitled to receive Copies or Extracts of all Plans kept by any Water Company under the Provision of the Act of the Session of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Eighty-four; and every such Water Company shall provide at the Expense of the Board in any Mains or Pipes within the Metropolis Plugs for the Supply of Water in case of Fire at such Places, of such Dimensions, and in such Form as the Board may require, and the Fire Brigade shall be at liberty to make such Use thereof as they may deem necessary for the Purpose of extinguishing any Fire; and every such Company shall deposit Keys of all their Fireplugs at such Places as may be appointed by the Board, and the Board may put up on any House or Building a public Notice in some conspicuous Place in each Street in which a Fireplug is situated, showing its Situation.

33. " Owner " in this Act shall mean the Person for the Time being receiving the Rack-rent of the Premises in connexion with which the Word is used, either on his own Account or as Agent or Trustee for some other Person, or who would receive the same if the Premises were let at Rackrent.

Repeal.

431

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 90, 91.

Repeal

34. On and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Partial Repeal there shall be repealed so much as is unrepealed of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, Chapter Seventy-eight, and intituled An Act u q 3 c 78 for the further and better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls, and for the more effectually preventing Mischief by Fire, within the Cities of London and Westminster and the Liberties thereof and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of St Marylebone, Paddington, St. Pancras, and St. Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for indemnifying, under certain Conditions,

Builders and other Persons against the Penalties to which they are or may be liable for erecting Buildings within the Limits aforesaid contrary to Law, with the Exception of Sections Eighty-three and Eighty-six which shall remain in full Force, but such Repeal shall not affect any Penalty or Liability incurred under the repealed Sections.

35. On and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six Partial Repeal Section Forty-four of an Act passed in the Session holden in the Third and Fourth Years 4 W* 4 of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Ninety, shall be repealed so far as c' respects any Parish or Place within the Limits of the Metropolis as defined by this Act; provided that the Repeal of the said Section shall not affect the Power of the Churchwardens and Overseers of any Parish or Place to contribute to the Funds of any Society

that at the Time of the passing of this Act maintains Fire Escapes in such Parish or Place, unless and until the Board purchases the Property of such Society, or otherwise provides Fire Escapes in such Parish or Place.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made under an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her present Majesty, to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Fifteenth Year of Her Majesty, Chapter Thirty-eight, 14 & is Vict. 4 44 to facilitate Arrangements for the Relief of Turnpike Trusts, and to make certain c- 3844 Provisions respecting Exemptions from Tolls," herein-after referred to as the Principal Act, Power is given to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to make Provisional Orders for reducing the Rate of Interest and for extinguishing the Arrears of Interest on Mortgage Debts charged or secured on the Revenues of Turnpike Roads, in Cases where such Revenues are insufficient for the Payment in full of the Interest charged thereon: And whereas by the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth 24 & 25 Vict Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-six, the Principal Act is c*46extended to Turnpike Roads, the Acts relating to which are continued by any Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, although their Revenues are not insufficient for such Payments as aforesaid: And whereas, in pursuance of the Principal Act, and the said Act extending the same, the several Provisional Orders referred to in the Schedule hereto have been made by Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and there are stated in the said Schedule the Dates of such Orders, and such Particulars relating thereto as are therein specified: And whereas it is expedient that the said Provisional Orders should be confirmed and made absolute:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The several Provisional Orders, the Dates of which are set forth in the First Column of the said Schedule, are hereby confirmed, and the Provisions thereof shall be of the like Force and Effect as if they had been expressly enacted by Parliament.

Provisional Orders confirmed.

3 12

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 91

SCHEDULE.

Date of

Provisional

Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Amount of

Principal

Debt

Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Rate of Interest to commence.

1864. 4 Aug.

31 Oct

8 Nov.

6 Dec.

6 Dec.

12 Dec.

2 W. 4. c. 64.," An Act for making a

" Turnpike Road from the Parish of " Cann Saint Rumbold near Shaftes- bury in the County of Dorset," through Cranbourne Chase and the " New Forest, to the Bell Inn at " Brook in the Parish of Bramshaw " in the County of Southampton," together with Two Branches there- from" -

1 Geo. 4. c. 5.," An Act for enlarging

" the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing " the Road from Buildwas Bridge to " join the Watling Street Road at " Tern Bridge in the County of " Salop " -

3 W. 4. c. 6.," An Act for repairing " the Road from Reedy Gate in the " Parish of Dunsford, through More- tonhampstead, to Cherry Brook in the Forest of Dartmoore in the County of Devon "

7 & 8 Vict. c. 72.," An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving " the Road from Flint Lane to Holm- frith, and thence to the Hudders- field and Woodhead Turnpike " Road, and for making and maintaining a new Line of Road from " the said Road at a Place called " Bents, to or near Dunford Bridge, u all in the West Riding of the County of York," so far as the same relates to the " Dunford " District" -

2 W. 4. c. 5.," An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Ipswich to " Stratford Saint Mary in the County of Suffolk"

3 W. 4. c. 44.," An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from " Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuck- field, and from Beadles Hill to " Lindfield, all in the County of " Sussex"

s. d.

k 3, 950 0 0

1*. per Cent.

f 31 Dec. 1863 (Arrears t extinguished).

1, 108 0 0

Id. per Cent.

31 Dec, 1864.

2, 397 0 0

2,000 0 0

Id. per Cent.

r 31 Dec, 1863 (Arrears L extinguished).

960 0 0 1, 094 2 6

3/. per Cent. Id. per Cent.

r 3 Oct. 1864 (Arrears extinguished).

1, 500 0 0

3/. 10$. per Cent.

31 Dec. 1864.

3, 500 0 0

21. 10s. per Cent.

31 Dec. 1864.

Date of

Provisional

Order.

TITLE OF LOCAL ACT.

Amount of Principal Debt

Interest to be reduced to the following Rates per Annum.

Dates from which reduced Rate of Interest to commence.

1864.

20 Dec.

30 Dec.

1865.

3 Feb.

5 April

16 May

3 Geo. 4. c. 11., "An Act for continning the Term, and altering,

" amending, and enlarging the " Powers of the several Acts passed " for repairing the Road from the " Bars at Boughton within the " Liberties of the City of Chester " to Whitchurch, and from thence " to Newport in the County of Salop,

" and other Roads in the said Acts " mentioned, so far as relate to the " First District of Roads in the said " Acts mentioned; and for diverting " a certain Part of the Road comprised within the said District " -

3 Wm. 4. c. 99., "An Act for improving " the Shrewsbury District and the " Wellington District of the Watling " Street Road in the County of Salop," so far as relates to the " Shrews- bury District "

5 Geo. 4. c. 32., "An Act for more " effectually amending the Roads " from Whitchurch in the County of " Salop to that Part of the Road " leading from Nantwich in the County of Chester to Newcastle- under-Lyne in the County of " Stafford which passes through the " Township of Madeley in the said " County of Stafford, and also from " Hinstock in the said County of " Salop to Nantwich aforesaid"

2 & 3 Wm. 4. c. 109., "An Act for " maintaining certain Roads in the " Neighbourhood of the Towns of " Beverley, of Kingston-upon-Hull," and of North Cave, called "The " Beverley, Hessle, and North Cave " Turnpike Roads "

Wm. 4. c. 4., "An Act for more " effectually repairing and improving " the Road from Hardingston to Old " Stratford in the County of North- ampton" -

4, 301

130

41. per Cent.

3, 6.50 0 0

31 Dec* 1864.

3/. per Cent

1, 650 0 0

2, 275 0 0

3, 660 0 0

3/. 15s. per Cent.

21. 105. per Cent.

1/. per Cent.

25 Dec. 1864.

25 Mar. 1865.

f 30 June 1865 (Arrears L extinguished).

r 13 April 1865 (Arrears L extinguished).

2 & 3 W. 4.

c. 65.

5 & 6 W. 4.

c. 78.

Part of Sect 2. of 5 &6W.4. repealed. Sheriff to endorse on Writ for Ayr District of Barghs the Day on which he received it, and to announce Time for the Election.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 92, 93.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to shorten the Time for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Ayr District of Burghs.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland, whereby it is provided that the Day of Election of Members to serve in Parliament shall be not less than Ten nor more than Sixteen Days after the Day on which the ' Writ is received by the Sheriff: And whereas by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth ' Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-eight, the Time for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Burghs, and Towns, or

Districts of Cities, Burghs, and Towns, in Scotland was shortened to not less than Four i nor more than Ten Days after the Day on which the Writ is received, except in the

Districts comprehending Kirkwall, Wick, Dornoch, Dingwall, Tain, Cromarty, Ayr, Irvine, 4 Campbelltown, Inverary, and Oban, wherein it was by the Second Section of the said last-

recited Act provided that the Provisions of the said first-recited Act, in so far as they

relate to the Announcement of the Day of Election, and the Interval to elapse between the Receipt of the Writ and the Proclamation thereof, should remain in full Force and Effect: And whereas it is expedient that, with respect to the Ayr District of Burghs,

such Exception should no longer be continued:1 Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Second Section of the said last-recited Act shall be and is hereby repealed so far as relates to the Ayr District of Burghs, but not further or otherwise.

2. The Sheriff to whom any Writ for the Election of a Member to serve for the District of Burghs comprehending Ayr, Irvine, Campbelltown, Inverary, and Oban shall be directed under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act shall endorse on the Back of the Writ the Day on which he received it, and shall within Two Days thereafter announce a Day for the Election, which Day shall be not less than Four nor more than Ten Days after the Day on which the Writ was received, and shall give due Intimation thereof as is provided in the said first-recited Act.

CAP. XCIII.

4 & 5 W. 4.

c. 15.

An Act to consolidate the Offices of Comptroller General of the Exchequer and Chairman of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and for other Purposes.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, intituled An Act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, it was enacted that " the Constitution and Establishment of the Exchequer shall consist of the " following Officers; (that is to say,) a Comptroller General, to be designated Comptroller w General of the Receipt and Issue of His Majesty's Exchequer, with an annual Salary " of Two thousand Pounds, an Assistant Comptroller, a Chief Clerk, and such Number of Clerks and Assistants, with such Salaries as shall be establislted and regulated from " Time to Time by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury And whereas it is expedient that when a Vacancy shall occur in the said Office of Comptroller General the Duties of the said Office shall be performed by the Chairman of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and that he shall be appointed Comptroller General

accordingly: '

435

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 93, 94.

accordingly Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. On the Occurrence of the next Vacancy in the said Office of Comptroller General, the Appointment Office of the said Comptroller shall be granted, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of of Chairman of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Chairman for the Time being of of p^ifc0ne" the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts; and it shall be incumbent on him and Accounts to he is hereby authorized to perf orm all the Duties of the said Comptroller, in addition to his Office of Comp-Duties as such Chairman as aforesaid; and the said Letters Patent shall continue in force ^Occurrence during good Behaviour, subject, however, to the Removal of such Comptroller from such of next Va-Office by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, on the Address of the Two Houses of caacy. Parliament, subject also to the Abolition of the Office, or to its Regulation, either as to the

Salary or the Duties thereof, at any future Time by the Authority of Parliament

The Office of Assistant Comptroller may be granted to such other of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury shall from Time to Time appoint for executing the same, any Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may, if and when they shall think fit, As to Chief

abolish the Office of Chief Clerk of the Exchequer, upon making adequate Provision for the £ler£ of Performance of the statutable Duties thereof. c equer *

3. The Person appointed in pursuance of this Act to the said Offices of Comptroller Annual Salary

General and Chairman of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall, in Qen^f^ler respect of both such Offices, be entitled to an annual Salary of Two thousand Pounds and chairman of no more, such Salary to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund. Audit Board.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to amend the Carriers Act.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con- sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the Carriers Act (that is to say, the Act of the Session held in the Eleventh Year The Term of the Reign of King George the Fourth and the First Year of the Reign of King William 44L*ce"in the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-eight," for the more effectual Protection of Mail Contractors, Vw. 4. c. 68. " Stage Coach Proprietors, and other Common Carriers for Hire, against the Loss of or not to include " Injury to Parcels or Packages delivered to them for Conveyance or Custody, the Value Machine-made " and Contents of which shall not be declared to them by the Owners thereof, ") the Term ace *

" Lace " shall, with respect to any Parcel or Package delivered after the Commencement of this Act, be construed as not including Machine-made Lace.

2. This Act shall commence from and immediately after the Thirtieth Day of September Commence-

One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five. ment of Act-

3. This Act may be cited as The Carriers Act Amendment Act, 1865. short Tide.

Duties on Cane Juice.

Drawbacks on refined Sugar.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 95.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend the Law relating to the Duties on Sugar, and the Drawbacks on those Duties.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con- sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That on and after the First of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, provided that the Ratifications of a Convention between Her Majesty, the King of the Belgians, the Emperor of the French, and the King of the Netherlands, for regulating the Drawbacks on Sugar, which was signed at Paris on the Eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, shall then have been exchanged, —

In lieu of the Duties of Customs now charged on the under-mentioned Article, the following Duties of Customs shall be charged thereon, on Importation into Great Britain or Ireland; (that is to say,)

£ s. <L

Cane Juice, the Cwt. - -082

2. That from and after the Day on which the Ratifications of a Convention between Her Majesty, the King of the Belgians, the Emperor of the French, and the King of the Netherlands, for regulating the Drawbacks on Sugar, which was signed at Paris on the Eighth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, shall be exchanged, —

In lieu of the Drawbacks of Twelve Shillings and Tenpence now allowed on certain Descriptions of refined Sugar, the following Drawbacks shall be paid and allowed on the under-mentioned Descriptions of refined Sugar on the Exportation thereof to Foreign Parts, or on Removal to the Isle of Man for Consumption there, or on Deposit in any approved Warehouse, upon such Terms and subject to such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs may direct, for Delivery from such Warehouse as Ship's Stores only or for the Purpose of sweetening British Spirits in Bond; (that is to say,)

Upon Sugar refined in Great Britain or Ireland, in Loaf complete and whole, or Lumps duly refined, having been perfectly clarified and thoroughly dried in the Stove, and being of an uniform Whiteness throughout; and upon such Sugar pounded, crushed, or broken in a Warehouse approved by the Commissioners of Customs, such Sugar having been first inspected by the Officers of Customs in Lumps or Loaves, as if for immediate Shipment, and then packed for Exportation in the Presence of such Officers, and at the Expense of the Exporters; and upon Candy:

£ s. d.

For every Cwt - -0124

Upon Sugar refined in Great Britain or Ireland by the centrifugal or any other Process, and not in any way inferior to the Export Standard No. 3. approved by the Lords of the Treasury:

£ s. d.

For every Cwt. - -0124

Provided, that if refined Sugar, not being in any way inferior to No. 1. Standard Export Sample approved by the Lords of the Treasury, be not thoroughly dried in the Stove, but shall be found to contain Moisture not exceeding Fiwq per Centum over and above what the same would contain if thoroughly dried in the Stove, then the above Drawback shall be allowed thereon, subject to a Deduction in respect of such Moisture of Five per Centum, in lieu of any other Drawback now allowed thereon.

437

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 96.

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Inland Revenue.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L For and in lieu of the Scale of Stamp Duties chargeable under the Title " Conveyance " in the Schedule of the Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-seven, the following Scale of Stamp Duties shall be chargeable; (that is to say,)

Where the Purchase or Consideration Money expressed in or upon the principal or only Deed, Instrument, or Writing of Conveyance shall not exceed £5 ---- £ 0 s. 0 d. 6

And where the same shall exceed £5 and not exceed <£*10 - 0 1 0

99 99 10 99 15 - 0 1 6

99 99 15 99 20 0 2 0

99 99 20 99 25 - 0 2' 6

99 99 25 99 50 - - 0 5 0

99 99 50 99 75 - 0 7 6

99 99 75 99 100 - 0 10 0

99 99 100 99 125 - 0 12 6

99 99 125 99 150 - 0 15 0

99 99 150 99 175 - - 0 17 6

99 99 175 99 200 - 1 0 0

99 99 200 99 225 - 1 2 6

99 99 225 99 250 - - 1 5 0

99 99 250 99 275 - 1 7 6

99 99 275 99 300 - 1 10 0

And where the Purchase or Consideration Money shall exceed i?300, then for every £50, and also for any fractional Part of £50 0 5 0

2. And for and in lieu of the Scale of Stamp Duties chargeable under the Title " Appraisement " in the Schedule to the Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and eighty-four, the following Scale of Stamp Duties shall be chargeable; (that is to say,)

Where the Amount of the Appraisement or Valuation shall not £ s. d.

exceed £5 - - - 0 0 3

And where it shall exceed £5 and not exceed i?10 _ - - 0 0 6

99 99 10 99 20 - -. 0 1 0

99 99 20 99 30 - 0 1 6

99 99 30 99 40 - 0 2 0

99 99 40 )) 50 - 0 2 6

99 99 50 99 100 - -. 0 5 0

99 99 100 99 200. - 0 10 0

99 99 200 99 500. - 0 15 0

99 99 500 - - - 1 0 0

3. And for and in lieu of the Scale of Stamp Duties chargeable under the Title " Award " in the Schedule to the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and eleven, the following Scale of Stamp Duties shall be chargeable; (that is to say,)

£ s. d.

For and upon every Award in England or Ireland, and Award or Decreet Arbitral in Scotland, where the Amount or Value of the Matter in dispute shall not exceed £5 - -003

28 & 29 VICT. 3 K And

Scale of Stamp Duties on Conveyances, in lieu of Scale in 13 & 14 Vict. c. 97.

Scale of Stamp Duties on Ap-

{iraisements, in ieu of Scale in 55 G. 3. c. 184.

Scale of Stamp Duties on Awards, in lieu of Duties in 23 & 24 Vict. c. 111.

438

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 96.

Stamp Duty reduced on certain Licences granted by Ecclesiastical Authority.

Agreements for letting small Tenements chargeable with One Penny Stamp Duty.

Duty on Certificates taken out by Conveyancers and Special Pleaders within the first Three Years of their Practice reduced.

Stamp Duty on Charter-parties reduced.

And where it shall exceed £5 and not exceed <£*10 £ 0 s. 0 d. 6

» 99 10 20 m - - 0 1 0

93 99 20 30 mm - - 0 1 6

99 99 30 40 - 0 2 0

99 99 40 50 - 0 2 6

99 99 50), 100 - 0 5 0

99 99 100 200 - 0 10 0

99 99 200, 500 - 0 15 0

99 99 500, 750 - 1 0 0

99 93 750 1,000 - 1 5 0

And where it shall exceed .£1,000, and also in all other Cases not above provided for ---- 1 15 0

4. And in lieu of the Stamp Duty of Two Pounds now chargeable by Law for or upon any Licence to be granted by any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor, or other Ordinary, or by any Ecclesiastical Court, in England or Ireland, or by any Presbytery or other Ecclesiastical Power in Scotland, for any of the following Purposes; (that is to say,)

1. To hold the Office of Lecturer, Reader, Chaplain, Church Clerk, Chapel Clerk,

Parish Clerk, or Sexton;

2. For licensing a Building for the Performance of Divine Service within an Ecclesiastical

District formed under the Provisions of the New Parishes Act;

3. For licensing any Chapel for the Solemnization of Marriages therein pursuant to the

Provisions of the Act Sixth and Seventh William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five;

4. For licensing or authorizing any Matter which regards a consecrated Building or

Ground, or anything to be constructed, set up, taken down, or altered therein, or to be removed therefrom;

There shall be charged and paid for or upon any such Licence as aforesaid the Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to charge with Duty any Licence expressly exempted from Stamp Duty by any Act of Parliament now in force

5. Any Agreement or Memorandum for the letting of a Dwelling House or Tenement, or Part of a Dwelling House or Tenement, for any Period less than a Year, at a Rent payable weekly or monthly, and not exceeding the Rate of Three Shillings 'and Sixpence per Week, shall be chargeable with the Stamp Duty of One Penny only in lieu of any other Stamp Duty now chargeable on any such Agreement or Memorandum.

6. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Sixty-three, certain Stamp Duties specified in the Schedule to

the same Act annexed are imposed upon a Certificate to be taken out yearly by every Person, being a Member of One of the Four Inns of Court in England\ and by every Person in Ireland, who, in the Character of Conveyancer, Special Pleader, Draftsman in 1 Equity, or otherwise, shall, for or in expectation of any Fee, Grain, or Reward, draw or

prepare any Conveyance of or Deed or Instrument relating to any Estate or Property, c Real or Personal, or any other Deed or Contract whatever, or any Pleadings or Pro-

ceedings in any Court of Law or Equity Be it enacted, that any such Certificate to be taken out by any such Person as aforesaid within the Period of Three Years after he shall first begin to practise in manner aforesaid shall be charged with only One Half of the said Duties respectively.

7. In lieu of the Stamp Duty of Five Shillings now chargeable by Law on any Charter-party, or any Document chargeable with Stamp Duty as a Charterparty, there shall be charged and paid thereon the Stamp Duty of Sixpence, which may be denoted either by an impressed Stamp upon the Charterparty or Document or by an adhesive Stamp affixed thereon; provided, that if an adhesive Stamp be used the Person who shall last. sign the Charterparty or Document, or whose Signature shall complete the same as a binding Contract, shall at the Time of his so signing the same cancel the said Stamp by writing thereon his Name or the Name of his Firm, together with the true Date of his so writing

the

. 28° & 29" VICTORIA, c. 96. 439

the same; and in default of so cancelling the adhesive Stamp in manner aforesaid, such If Stamp not Charterparty or Document shall not be good, valid, or available for any Purpose whatever: cTaiSroaitica Provided always, that if any Charterparty or other such Document as aforesaid which shall invalid/ be brought to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to be stamped within the respective Terms on Times hereinafter mentioned after the same shall bear Date and shall have been first which certain signed, the Commissioners shall stamp the same with an impressed Stamp on the following ^ar^e, i Terms; (that is to say,) if within Seven Days, on Payment of the Duty and Four Shillings ed after being and Sixpence; and if after that Time, and within One Calendar Month after such Date and signed, first signing, then on Payment of the Duty and the Sum of Ten Pounds; but after the Expiration of the last-mentioned Period it shall not be lawful to stamp such Charterparty or other Document as aforesaid on any Pretence whatever: Provided always, that if any Charter-party, whether printed or written, shall be first signed by any Party thereto out of the United Kingdom, such Charterparty being unstamped, it shall be lawful for any Party thereto within Ten Days after it shall have been received in this Kingdom, and before the same shall have been signed by any Person here, to affix thereto an adhesive Stamp denoting the Duty chargeable thereon, and to cancel such Stamp by writing across the same his Name and the Date when he shall so affix such Stamp, and thereupon such Charter-party shall be deemed to be duly stamped.

8. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of Her Majesty's Reign, Reduction of Chapter Twenty-one, certain Stamp Duties contained in the Schedule to the same Act ^ST^me6*"

were imposed on Policies of Sea Insurance in relation to Ships or Vessels, for or upon any^on^ of Sea

Voyage, and also for any certain Term or Period of Time Be it enacted, That there Insurance.

shall be charged and paid, in lieu of the Duties chargeable under the said last-mentioned

Act, for and in respect of any such Insurance made for a certain Term or Period of Time

upon or in relation to any Ship or Vessel, the following reduced Rates of Duty for ev^ry

One hundred Pounds and also for any fractional Part of One hundred Pounds whereof the same shall consist; (that is to say,)

Duty.

s.

d.

- 0 0 6

- 0 1 0

Where any Insurance shall be made upon or in relation to any Ship or Vessel lying or being in any Dock, Harbour, or River for any certain Term or Period of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month And where any such Insurance as aforesaid shall be made for any Term or Period of Time exceeding One Month, and not exceeding Three Months, and also where any Insurance shall be made upon or in relation to any Ship or Vessel lying or being elsewhere than as aforesaid for any Term or Period of Time not exceeding Three Months And where any Insurance shall be made upon or in relation to any Ship or Vessel, wheresoever the same may be, for any Term or Period of Time exceeding Three Months and not exceeding Six Months Exceeding Six Months -

And any Sea Insurance made for or upon a Voyage and also for any certain Term or Period of Time, or to extend to or cover any certain Term or Period of Time beyond Twenty-four Hours after the Ship shall have arrived at her Destination and been there moored at Anchor, is hereby declared to be an Insurance for a certain Term or Period of Time as well as an Insurance made upon a Voyage, and the Policy to be chargeable with Duty accordingly.

0

0

2

4

0

0

Insurances on a Voyage and also for Time, how chargeable.

9. And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, Chapter Fifty-six, of

Section One, the Time for making Application to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue making Ap-

for the Allowance for the Stamp Duty impressed on a Policy of Re-assurance is limited plication for

to a Period of Three Calendar Months next after the Termination of the Risk:' Be it j^a^eofn

enacted, That so much of the said Section as limits the Time for making such Application Policies of3!^ as aforesaid shall be and the same is hereby repealed. assurance re-

pealed.

10. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King 55 G. 3. c. 184.

George the Third, certain Stamp Duties contained in the Schedule to the same Act were " Policies."

imposed, under the Head or Title of " Policy," on various Descriptions of Insurance com-

3 K 2 ' monly

440

23 & 24 Vict. c. 111.

Stamp Duties granted on certain Policies of Assurance in lieu of former Duties thereon.

Accidental Death Policy not to be chargeable as Life Assurance. Not to repeal Duties payable by the Railway Passengers Assurance Company.

Section 8. of

23 & 24 Vict c. 111. and Section 29. of

24 & 25 Vict c. 91. repealed.

Provisions for preventing Frauds in relation to the Stamp Duties imposed by this Act on Policies of Insurance.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 96.

monly known by the several Names of Life Insurance, Fire Insurance, and Sea Insurance (respectively, specifically described and charged with Duty as in the said Schedule is mentioned; and lastly certain Duties were imposed upon any Policy of Assurance whereby

any other lawful Insurance whatsoever than as aforesaid should be made upon any Pro-

perty or Interest whatever from Loss or Damage of any Kind: And whereas by the scud

Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign,

Chapter One hundred and eleven, certain other Stomp Duties, described under the Head

or Title of " Policy " in the Schedule to the last-mentioned Act, were also granted and ' imposed:' Be it enacted, That in lieu of the Duties so granted and imposed by the said Two last-recited Acts respectively as last aforesaid, so far as they relate to any Insurance on which Duties are imposed by this Act, there shall be charged and paid for and upon any Policy of Assurance whereby any lawful Insurance not chargeable with Stamp Duty as Life Insurance, Fire Insurance, or Sea Insurance shall be made upon any Property or Interest whatever from Loss or Damage of any Kind, or whereby any Sum of Money shall be assured or agreed to be paid only upon the Death of any Person from Accident or Violence, or otherwise than from a natural Cause, or as Compensation for a personal Injury, or whereby any Sum of Money shall be assured or agreed to be paid as or for Loss or Damage or Compensation for or Indemnity against Loss or Damage arising from or consequent upon the happening of any Accident, the following Duties; (fiat is to say),

If the Premium or Consideration for such Assurance shall not exceed £ s. d.

2s. 6d ..... - 0 0 1

And if the same shall exceed 2s. 6d. and shall not exceed 5s. - 0 0 3

And if the same shall exceed 5s., then for every 5s. and also for any

fractional Part of 5s. of such Premium or Consideration - - 0 0 3

And where any such Assurance as aforesaid shall be made on such Terms or Conditions that the Rates of Duty aforesaid cannot be applied to the same or the Policy charged therewith, then, in lieu of the foregoing Bates of Duty, there shall be charged and paid upon such Policy in respect of the Amount of the Sum insured the same Bate of Stamp Duty as is now chargeable by Law on a Policy of Life Assurance.

11. Provided always, That no Policy of Assurance for Payment of any Sum of Money upon the Death of any Person only from Accident or Violence, or otherwise than from a natural Cause, shall be deemed to be a Policy of Life Assurance chargeable otherwise than under this Act; and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to repeal or alter the Duty chargeable under an Act passed in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to confer certain Powers on the Railway Passengers Assurance Company on the Sums received by the said Company in respect of the Insurance Tickets issued by them, or to impose any other Duty upon or in respect of such Tickets.

12. Section Eight of the said Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, and Section Twenty-nine of an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-one, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, save and except as to any Arrear of Duty or any Penalty incurred before the pa&ing of this Act.

13. And for preventing Frauds in respect of the Stamp Duties by this Act imposed on Policies of Insurance, the Provisions and Penalties contained in Section Six of the Act passed in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Fifty-nine, shall be observed, applied, and put in force in relation to Policies of Insurance of any Description (other than Sea Insurance) whereon Duties are imposed by this Act; and further, if any Person shall make, sign, or deliver out any Policy not duly stamped for denoting the Duty by this Act charged thereon he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and where any Insurance shall be made by or for any Society or Company the Person who shall be a Managing Director or the Secretary or other principal Officer thereof at the Time of committing any Offence or unlawful Act, Neglect, or Default for which any Penalty is by this or any other Act imposed shall be held to be a Person committing such Offence, or doing or suffering such unlawful Act, Neglect, or Default, and shall, as well as the said Society or Company, be subject and liable to any and every such Penalty as aforesaid.

14. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 96. 441

14. The Term " Assurance " used in this Act shall mean and include Insurance, and the Meaning of

Term " Policy" shall mean and include any Agreement or other Instrument, by whatever "

Name the same shall be called, whereby any such Assurance as aforesaid shall be made or and "Policy." agreed to be made.

15. The Stamp Duties chargeable under this or any other Act for the Time being in Policies and force upon or in respect of any Policy of Insurance of any Description shall extend to and

be deemed to be payable upon and in respect of any Policy or other Instrument of Insurance abroad on which shall be made or signed out of the United Kingdom by or on behalf of any Person behalf of Incarrying on the Business of Insurance within the United Kingdom, or by which, according to any Stipulation, Agreement, or Understanding, expressed or implied, any Loss or dom, when g* Damage or any Sum of Money shall be payable or recoverable in the United Kingdom chargeable upon the happening of any Contingency whatever; and no such Policy or other Instrument Stamp of Insurance shall be valid or available in the United Kingdom for any Purpose whatever, uty* unless the same shall be duly stamped for denoting the Duties chargeable thereon as aforesaid: Provided always, that if such Policy or Instrument shall be brought to the Commis- Policies exe-sioners of Inland Revenue for the Purpose of being stamped as aforesaid within Two cuted abroad Calendar Months next after the same shall have been received in the United Kingdom, and 8J^cd upon Proof of that Fact to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, they shall cause such within Two Policy or Instrument to be duly stamped on Payment of the Duties chargeable thereon; M?nths but after the Expiration of the said Period it shall not be lawful for the Commissioners to permit the said Policy or Instrument to be stamped on any Pretence whatever. Kingdom.

16. And whereas by the Laws in force Receipts given for Money deposited in any Receipts given

Bank, or in the Hands of any Banker, to be accounted for, are exempted from Stamp for Sums depo-

Duty, except Receipts or Acknowledgments for Sums paid or deposited for or upon j^te°of Allot '

Letters of Allotment of Shares, or in respect of Calls upon Scrip or Shares, of or in any s^es^or for

Joint Stock or other Company, or proposed or intended Company Be it enacted, That Calls on Scrip such Exception shall be deemed to apply wheresoever any such Company may be, and shall

also extend to Receipts and Acknowledgments for Sums paid or deposited for or in respect from stamp of Allotments of Shares, and calls upon Scrip or Shares, of or in any Loan or proposed or Duty, intended Loan raised or proposed to be raised by or on behalf of any Foreign or Colonial Government, State, Corporation, or Company; all which said Receipts and Acknowledgments, so excepted as aforesaid, by whomsoever given, shall be chargeable with the Duty imposed on Receipts.

17. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of stamp Duties Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-seven, certain Stamp Duties specified in the Sche- on Transfers ' dule to the same Act were granted and imposed upon any Transferor Assignment, Dis- of Morfgag*-

position or Assignation, of any Mortgage or Wadset, or of any such other Security as in the said Schedule is described, or of the Benefit thereof, or of the Money or Stock thereby

secured Be it enacted, That in lieu of the said last-mentioned Duties there shall be charged and paid for and upon every such Transfer or Assignment, Disposition or Aussigna-tion, as aforesaid, the following Stamp Duties; (that is to say,)

For every 100Z. or any fractional Fart of 100/. of the Amount or Value of the Principal Money or Stock already secured by such Mortgage, Wadset, or other such Security as aforesaid, thereby transferred or assigned or disponed, the Duty of Sixpence:

And if any further Sum of Money or Stock shall be added to the Principal Money or Stock already secured as aforesaid there shall be charged and paid also the same Duty as on a Mortgage or Wadset for the Amount or Value of such further Money or Stock.

18. Any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman may apply for a renewed Licence under Hawkers the Provisions of the Statute in that Behalf at any Time before the Expiration of his current Licences may Licence; and on Production and Surrender of his current Licence, and Payment of the Duty chargeable on a new Licence, it shall be lawful for the Officer to grant to him a renewed andnew Licence, and such Officer shall insert therein the Days of the Commencement and Termi- Licence to nation of the Period for which the same shall be 'granted, and the Day of granting the ^?Cg"c^lace same, and shall endorse thereon a Memorandum of the Date and Place of Surrender of ^rendered, the current Licence; and such renewed Licence, so endorsed, shall stand in the Place of

Certain Appointments not chargeable with Stamp Duty.

Certain Declarations exempt.

Stamp Duties on Certificates of Marriage and of having received the Holy Sacrament repealed.

Appeals against Adjudications on Stamp Duties may be heard in Scotland and Ireland.

British Spirits in Warehouse may be transferred on Production of Delivery Order.

Sect. 122. of 23 & 24 Vict c. 114. repealed.

Amending the Law respecting Appeals under Excise Acts on Complaints before Commissioners and Justices.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 96.

of and be of the same Force and Effect as the surrendered Licence during the unexpired Term thereof, as well as for the whole of the Term for which the renewed Licence shall have been granted.

19. No Stamp Duty shall be chargeable upon the First Grant or Appointment of any Person to the Office or Employment of Outdoor Officer, Boatman, Waterman, or Watchman in the Service of the Customs, or upon any Commission or Deputation granted to him in pursuance of such Appointment.

20. No Declaration required to be made pursuant to any Act relating to Marriages in order to a Marriage without Licence shall be chargeable with any Stamp Duty.

21. And whereas under the Title " Certificate " in the Schedule to the Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, Chapter One hundred and eighty-four, a Stamp Duty of Five Shillings is imposed on a Certificate of Marriage, ' and the like Duty on a Certificate of any Person's having received the Holy Sacrament:' Be it enacted, That the said respective Stamp Duties last mentioned shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

22. And whereas by the Statutes in that Behalf Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer ' at Westminster is required to hear Appeals against Adjudications of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue relating to the Stamp Duty on Deeds as in the said Statutes is men-c tioned :J Be it enacted, That in Cases where Deeds shall be presented for the Opinion of the said Commissioners at their Offices in Edinburgh and Dublin respectively, Appeals against their Adjudications may be heard and determined by Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland and Ireland respectively, in the same Manner and subject in all respects to the like Provisions as in the said Statutes are respectively enacted with regard to Appeals to Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

23. Any British Spirits deposited in a general Warehouse, in the Name of a Distiller or Dealer in Spirits, may be transferred in the Book kept by the Officer of Excise in charge of such Warehouse into the Name of a Purchaser, upon his producing to the Officer an Order in Writing from such Distiller or Dealer, countersigned by the Proprietor of the Warehouse or his known Servant, for the Delivery of the Spirits to such Purchaser; and all Spirits so transferred shall be discharged from all Claim in respect of any Duties, Penalties, or Forfeitures to which the Distiller or Dealer from whom such Transfer has been made may be liable, but no Spirits shall be delivered out of Warehouse for Home Consumption until Payment shall be made of the full Duties of Excise chargeable thereon.

24. Section One hundred and twenty-two of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, is hereby repealed.

25. In the Case of any Complaint brought before the Commissioners of Inland Revenue or Justices of the Peace respectively, by virtue of the Provisions contained in the Twenty-seventh Section of the Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-one, in respect of any Matter or Thing which may be the Subject of Complaint under the said Section, if the Complainant, or the Solicitor, Collector, or Supervisor to whom Notice of such Complaint is by Law required to be given in such Case, shall feel aggrieved by the Judgment and Determination of the said Commissioners or Justices respectively, it shall be lawful for either Party aggrieved thereby to appeal from such Judgment and Determination in like Manner, and upon giving such Notices, and upon such Terms, Conditions, and Regulations (so far as the same shall be applicable), as are prescribed in Cases of Appeals by the several Acts passed respectively in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-three, the Fourth and Fifth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-one, and the Fourth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Twenty; provided that no such Appeal shall be allowed when the Sum in dispute shall not exceed Fifty Pounds.

26. ' And

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 96. 443

26. And whereas by an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign Persons con-

of King George the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-three, Section Thirty-three, any Person dis-

covered as therein mentioned aiding or assisting or concerned in the private manufacturing kcSre 0fDU"

(of Goods or Commodities subject to any Duty of Excise is liable to the Penalty of Thirty Goods liable to

Pounds, over and above other Penalties mentioned or referred to in the same Section

of the said Act: And whereas Doubts are entertained whether a Person who has been ^J^guedfor

convicted in the said Penalty of Thirty Pounds can afterwards be lawfully prosecuted collateral

for and convicted in any such other Penalties as aforesaid Be it declared and enacted, g^g"der That it shall be lawful to proceed against any Person for the Recovery of all or any of q °4i such last-mentioned Penalties, notwithstanding he may have been previously convicted c. 53. in the said Penalty of Thirty Pounds.

27. CAnd whereas it is discovered that potable Spirits may be obtained from Methylic Liquids con-Alcohol by distilling the same after certain Processes of Purification, by which it is freed toimng purified

from the unpalatable Flavours which pertain to it in its crude State, and it is expedient AlcohoHo be c to subject such Spirits to the Duty of Excise chargeable on Spirits Be it enacted, That deemed Low any Liquid containing or having mixed therewith Methylic Alcohol which shall have p^rdis' been purified or prepared for Distillation by means of Filtration, or any other Process po^sf anYper-which may free it or be intended to free it wholly or partially from any Flavour or sons distilling Odour which might otherwise pertain to it, shall be deemed to be Low Wines for the Purpose of Distillation within the Meaning of the Laws of Excise relating to the distilling tuiers. 18" of Spirits; and every Person making, preparing, or having in his Possession any such Low Wines, and having also a Still, shall be deemed to be a Distiller liable to the several Duties, Penalties, and Forfeitures imposed by Law on Distillers of Spirits.

28. Methylic Alcohol which shall have undergone any such Process of Filtration or Preparation of Purification as aforesaid shall be deemed to have been so prepared for the Purpose of distilling Spirits therefrom, and no Person other than a Person duly licensed as a Distiller distming

of Spirits shall so prepare or purify any Methylic Alcohol, nor shall any such Process Spirits to be as aforesaid be commenced or carried on elsewhere than on Premises duly licensed as a Distillery, and of which, together with the Stills, Vessels, and Utensils to be used therein, Dutiiiery. due Entry shall have been made with the Officers of Excise, under Pain of such Penalties and Forfeitures and Liability to Seizure for any Breach of this Enactment as would or might be incurred by any Act done in contravention of the Third Section of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and fourteen.

29. The distilling of Spirits from any such Low Wines as aforesaid shall be carried Holes and on under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations, and Conditions as are prescribed by the Laws in force in relation to the distilling of Spirits, and the Spirits produced by such Stilling of

Distillation shall be deemed to be British Spirits chargeable with the Duties of Excise, Spirits from and shall be subject to all the Laws, Provisions, and Regulations relating to British L?w Spirits: Provided always, that where it shall be made to appear to the Commissioners on° of Inland Revenue that any of such Rules, Regulations, or Conditions are inapplicable Spirits to be to the making, preparing, or distilling of such Low Wines as aforesaid, or impose too great a Restriction on such Distillation, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners C18C

to relax or dispense with any of such Rules, Regulations, or Conditions, and to frame others in lieu thereof for the Purpose of regulating and facilitating the Business of the said Distillation, and otherwise in relation thereto, as they shall see fit in that Behalf.

30. No Contract to be made or entered into pursuant to the Highway Acts for or stamp Duty of relating to the making, maintaining, or repairing of Highways shall be chargeable with any only on higher Stamp Duty than Sixpence. t^nUnder

Highway Acts.

444

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 97

CAP. XCVII.

1 G. 1. st 2. c. 13.

9 G. 4. c. 17.

10 G. 4. c. 7.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 5.

1 & 2 Vict. c. 15.

8 & 9 Vict. c. 52.

21 & 22 Vict c. 48.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS divers Persons who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, ' " " or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have qualified themselves (according to an Act of the First Year of King George the First, Statute Two, Chapter 6 Thirteen; or according to an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter

Seventeen; or according to an Act of the Tenth Year of Kang George the Fourth, ' Chapter Seven, so far only as the said Act relates to any Civil or Military Offices, or c Places of Trust, or Places of Profit, or Corporate Offices; or according to the Acts of the Session of the First and Second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapters

Five and Fifteen, or One of such Acts; or according to the Act of the Session of the f Eighth and Ninth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-two; or

according to an Act of the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Forty-eight, have, through Ignorance of the Law,

Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to qualify themselves, within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby they ' have incurred, or may be in danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities For quieting the Minds of Her Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified, and allowed further Time.

1. Every Person who, at or before the passing of this Acl, hath omitted to take or make and subscribe any Oath, Assurance, or Declaration, or otherwise to qualify himself within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is required, and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing, on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act, hath taken and subscribed the Oaths or Oath and Assurance, or made the Declarations or Declaration required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, shall take and subscribe the Oaths or Oath, and Assurance, Declarations or Declaration respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Assurance, and Declarations ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission previous to the passing of this Act of taking or making and subscribing any Oaths or Oath, Assurance or Declaration, required by the said Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and every such Person is and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he was in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be and be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified himself, according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and all Elections of and Acts done or to be done by any such Person, or by Authority derived from him, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person had duly taken or made and subscribed such Oath, Assurance, and Declaration, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and the Qualification of such Person qualifying himself in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if stich Person had taken or made and subscribed such Oath or Oaths, Assurance and Declaration, within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

2. And

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 97.

2. And whereas several Persons well affected to Her Majesty's Government, and to the ' United Church of England and Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, or c been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the

Oaths and Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of

Ireland in the Second Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery: '

All Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason of such Omission or Neglect, but all such Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oaths, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form and in such Place or Places respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament.

3. Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

4. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other ' Public Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations,

and Borough Towns, in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns

which by several Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided,

or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid: '

For the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions or the Entries of whose Admissions as aforesaid may not have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, or if Parliament be then sitting, before the End of the then Session of Parliament, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions or Entries of Admissions, as aforesaid, duly stamped, or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid to the Commissioners of Inland Revenue, to be duly stamped, which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of double the Amount of the Duties first payable or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, and other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Office, or any other Office or 28 & 29 Vict. 3 L Offices

445

Indemnity to those who have omitted to make and subscribe the Oaths and Declaration required by the Irish Act, 2 Anne, c. 6.

Not to indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment has been given.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped after the Time allowed.

Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.

General Issue.

Compounded Spirits may be deposited in Customs or Excise Warehouses.

Spirits of Wine may be deposited in Customs Warehouse for Exportation or Ships Stores.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 97, 98.

Offices into which he or they hath or haye been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid, and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

5. Provided always, That this Act or anything herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of Her Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person, but such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing, so avoided or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been passed.

6. In case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information shall after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified, recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to allow British Compounded Spirits to be warehoused upon Drawback.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L A licensed Rectifier or Compounder of Spirits may, under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs and Inland Revenue respectively may from Time to Time make, warehouse for Exportation, or for Ships Stores, or for Home Consumption, in any Customs or Excise Warehouse approved for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Customs or Commissioners of Inland Revenue, British Compounds as defined by Section One hundred and forty-eight of the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, and compounded by him from Spirits on which the Duties of Excise have been charged and paid, and the Strength of such Spirits as denoted by Sykes's Hydrometer shall be deemed to be the true Strength thereof at the Time of warehousing the same, and such Spirits, when so warehoused, may, upon Security being given by Bond to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Customs and Inland Revenue respectively, and under such Regulations as the said Commissioners respectively may from Time to Time make in that Behalf, be removed to and deposited in any other Warehouse of Customs or Excise approved as aforesaid: Provided always, that all compounded Spirits exported on Drawback under this Act shall on their Re-importation into the United Kingdom be deemed to be Foreign Spirits and chargeable with Duties of Importation accordingly.

2. A Rectifier of Spirits may, under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs and Inland Revenue respectively may from Time to Time make, warehouse for Exportation or for Ships Stores in any Customs Warehouse approved for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Customs at a Warehousing Port, Spirits of Wine which shall have been rectified by him from Spirits on which the Duties of Excise have been charged and paid,

and

447

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 98.

and such Spirits of Wine may, under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Customs shall appoint, be removed to any other approved Customs Warehouse at any other Warehousing Port for either of the Purposes aforesaid.

3. Compounded Spirits to be warehoused as aforesaid shall be of a Strength not more Strength of than Eleven per Centum over Proof, and Spirits of Wine shall be of a Strength not less Spirits^tobf than Forty-three per Centum over Proof, as denoted by Sykes's Hydrometer, and shall deposited in be contained respectively in Casks of npt less than Nine Gallons Content, every Cask to be Warehouse,

- marked on each End thereof in Letters and Figures, legibly cut, branded, or painted with Oil Colour thereon, with the Name of the Rectifier or Compounder, or the Name of the Casks, Certifi-Firm, or with the Mark of such Rectifier, Compounder, or Firm, the progressive Number <*> of such Cask according to the Number of Casks warehoused, and the Year when the same was warehoused, and the full Content thereof in Gallons, and in Quarters of a Gallon when the Content thereof shall be less than Eighty Gallons, and with the true Number of Gallons, and the Denomination and Strength of the Spirits contained therein, and every such Cask being full, or on Ullage of One Gallon or Two Gallons, and not otherwise, at the Time of sending the same from the Premises of such Rectifier or Compounder to the Warehouse; and all such Spirits when removed from the said Premises for the Purpose of being warehoused shall be accompanied with a lawful Certificate, otherwise the same shall be forfeited, and the Rectifier or Compounder removing the same shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalties.

4, Before any Spirits shall be received into any Customs or Excise Warehouse, under Entry to be the Provisions of this Act, the Rectifier or Compounder intending to deposit the same shall ?ade ?fdSfnnt8 deliver to the proper Officer of Customs or Excise at such Warehouse a Warehousing warehouse? Entry or a Note in Writing, specifying the Particulars of the Spirits as set forth in the and officer to

Certificate accompanying the same, and the Name of the Rectifier or Compounder, and of ho?Mme

the Place where the rectifying or compounding Premises are situated from which the Spirits and transmit were sent; and after the Spirits have been duly examined and warehoused by such Officer, Certificate to he shall deliver to the Rectifier or Compounder a Receipt, specifying the Marks, Number, E^ci^who is and Content in Gallons of the several Casks received into such Warehouse, the Strength to pay Draw-(as denoted by Sykes's Hydrometer) of the Spirits contained in the said Casks respectively, tack of Duty the Description of the Spirits, and the total Number of Gallons at Proof received with such on ^e sPmts-Certificate; and such Officer shall forthwith despatch to the Collector of Excise of the Collection in which the rectifying or compounding Premises are situated a Certificate, setting forth the Name of the Rectifier or Compounder, and the Place where the rectifying or compounding Premises are situated, together with the other Particulars required to be inserted in such Receipt as aforesaid; and the Collector to whom such Certificate is sent shall, on receiving Three Days Notice in Writing of the Time when Payment is required, and upon Production to him of the Receipt before mentioned, pay to the Rectifier or

Compounder named in the Certificate, or to any Person authorized on his Behalf, a Draw-

back of the Duties of Excise on such Spirits at the Rate of Duty charged and paid thereon, computed at the Strength indicated by Sykes's Hydrometer.

6. Compounded Spirits warehoused by a Rectifier or Compounder under the Provisions of this Act may be delivered for Home Consumption under the same Rules and Regulations and upon Payment of the same Duties of Excise as are now by Law applicable to and payable upon plain British Spirits on Delivery from Customs or Excise Warehouses for Home Consumption, computed at the Strength indicated by Sykes's Hydrometer; and the Duties upon compounded Spirits delivered from any Warehouse of Customs shall be collected by the Officers of Customs, and accounted for and paid over in the same Manner as is now by Law directed in the Case of Duties on any other British Spirits delivered out of Customs Warehouses for Home Consumption.

Spirits warehoused under this Act may be delivered for Home Consumption in the same Manner as plain British Spirits.

6. The Rates and Charges directed by the First Section of the Act passed in the Rates payable Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and gn^fro^of ten, to be paid for every One hundred Pounds of Customs Duty payable on Goods (not warehousTfor being Tobacco) delivered for Home Consumption from any Warehouse in which the same Home Con-have been deposited for the Security of the Duties of Customs, shall be charged and paid Bumption.

448

Rectifier may add sweetening or colouring Matter to Spirits in Customs Warehouse for Exportation.

Spirits of Wine not to be delivered for Home Consumption, nor any Spirits unless upon Repayment of Allowances.

Spirits in Customs Warehouse may be used for fortifying Wines, &c. Compounded Spirits may be vatted or bottled in Warehouse.

Provisions of Acts relating to warehousing of British Spirits to apply to compounded Spirits warehoused under this Act

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 98.

for and in respect of every One hundred Founds of the Excise Duty which shall be payable upon the Delivery for Home Consumption of Spirits warehoused in any Customs or Excise Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act; provided that in the Case of a Delivery from an Excise Warehouse the same Bates and Charges shall be payable as would be payable if the Delivery had been from a Customs Warehouse situated at the same Place; and such Rates and Sums of Money shall be deemed to be Duties of Customs or Excise* according as the same shall become payable on Spirits delivered from a Customs or Excise Warehouse respectively.

7. A Bectifier or Compounder warehousing Spirits in a Customs Warehouse as aforesaid may, on giving One Day's Notice to the Officer in charge of such Warehouse, add to such Spirits any sweetening or colouring Matter, or any other Ingredient that he may think proper, subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Restrictions as the Commissioners of Customs may make from Time to Time: Provided always, that such Spirits, after any Matter or Ingredient has been added as aforesaid, shall not be removed to any other Warehouse, or be delivered out otherwise than for Exportation or Ships Stores, directly from the Warehouse, on board the Vessel in which the same are to be exported or used as Stores.

8. No Spirits of Wine upon which a Drawback of the Duties of Excise has been paid upon the Deposit of the same in a Customs Warehouse shall be delivered for Home Consumption; and no rectified or compounded Spirits which at the Time of the Commencement of this Act shall be in any Customs Warehouse shall be delivered for Home Consumption, unless the Bectifier or Compounder or Proprietor of such last-mentioned Spirits shall, in addition to the Duties payable upon compounded Spirits taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption under the Provisions of this Act, repay to the Commissioners of Customs or Inland Revenue respectively the Allowance of Threepence per Gallon paid on the Deposit of such Spirits under the Statute in that Behalf.

9. Any Spirits which shall have been deposited in a Customs Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act may be used in such Warehouse for fortifying Wines, or for any other Purpose to which Foreign or Colonial Spirits may be applied under the Laws or Regulations of the Customs.

10. Compounded Spirits deposited in an Excise Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act may be vatted or racked under and subject to the same Conditions, Regulations, and Penalties as are contained in or authorized by Sections One hundred and nineteen and One hundred and twenty of the before-mentioned Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One hundred and fourteen, and in Sections Five and Six of the Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the same Reign, Chapter Twelve, in relation to the Spirits mentioned in such Sections respectively; and any compounded Spirits deposited as aforesaid may be bottled, packed, and removed for Exportation, or for Use as Ships Stores, under and subject to the same Conditions and Regulations as ore contained in or authorized by the said last-mentioned Act

11. The Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in and imposed by any Act in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, relating to the Removal, Warehousing, Custody, and Transfer in any Excise Warehouse of British Spirits, and to the Proprietor or Tenant of any such Warehouse for the Deposit of British Spirits, and to the Proprietor of any British Spirits deposited therein, (except so far as the same shall be repealed or altered by or be repugnant to the Provisions of this Act,) shall extend and be applied to the Removal, Warehousing, Custody, and Transfer in any Excise Warehouse of compounded Spirits and Spirits of Wine, and to the Proprietor or Tenant of any such Warehouse in which the same respectively shall be deposited, and to the Bectifier or Compounder warehousing such Spirits, who shall be deemed to be the Proprietor thereof; and any Bond entered into by the Proprietor or Tenant of any such Warehouse as aforesaid for the Deposit of British Spirits, and in force at the Time of the Commencement of this Act, shall extend to and shall be available for any Breach of the Condition thereof committed in relation to any compounded Spirits deposited in the Warehouse in respect of which such Bond shall have been given.

12. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 98, 99. 449

12. The Allowance of Threepence per Gallon granted by Section Four of the Act passed Allowance of in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One ^[tS^loxi hundred and twenty-nine, to any licensed Rectifier, in respect of rectified Spirits of the compounds Nature of British Compounds not exceeding Eleven Degrees over Proof as ascertained by not to be paid Sykes's Hydrometer, shall be payable to any licensed Rectifier or Compounder in respect of ^n^Use any compounded Spirits deposited under the Provisions of this Act in any Warehouse of -JJ customfi86 Customs or Excise, and exported to Foreign Parts, or used in a Customs Warehouse for Warehouse, fortifying Wines or for any other Purpose to which Foreign or Colonial Spirits may be applied under the Laws or Regulations of the Customs; but such Allowance shall not be paid until a Certificate from the proper Officer of Customs shall be produced to the Officer of Excise appointed to pay the said Allowance, that such Spirits have been actually exported or used as aforesaid.

13. After the passing of this Act, no Warehouse for the Deposit of plain or compounded Warehouses to British Spirits shall be approved by the Commissioners of Customs or Inland Revenue, Acconmao*10 except for the general Accommodation of any Traders or others having Occasion to deposit dation and of Spirits therein, nor unless the said Commissioners of Customs or Inland Revenue shall be of approved Diopinion that the Dimensions of such Warehouse shall be sufficient for the Wants of the mensionB' Town where it is situated.

14. Sections One hundred and forty-one. One hundred and forty-two. One hundred and Section* 141. forty-three, One hundred and forty-four, and One hundred and forty-five of the Act passed U5-

in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter One victim.2 hundred and fourteen, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, except as to anything done repealed, or which ought to be done, or as to any Offence committed or any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, before the Commencement of this Act.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act to confer on the County Courts a limited Jurisdiction in Equity.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is desirable to confer on the County Courts Jurisdiction in Equity - Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The County Courts held by virtue of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, shall have and exercise all the Power and Authority of the High Court of Chancery in the Suits or Matters herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

1. In all Suits by Creditors, Legatees (whether specific, pecuniary, or residuary),

Devisees (whether in trust or otherwise), Heirs at Law, or Next of Kin, in which the Personal or Real or Personal and Real Estate against or for an Account or Administration of which the Demand may be made shall not exceed in Amount or Value the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

2. In all Suits for the Execution of Trusts in which the Trust Estate or Fund shall not exceed in Amount or Value the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

3. In all Suits for Foreclosure or Redemption, or for enforcing any Charge or Lien,

where the Mortgage, Charge, or Lien shall not exceed in Amount the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

4. In all Suits for specific Performance, or for the delivering up or cancelling any Agreement for the Sale or Purchase of any Property, where the Purchase Money shall not exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

5. In

Jurisdiction in Equity to be exercised in County Courts in certain Suits and Matters.

450

Judge and Officers of the County Courts to have the Powers and Authorities of a Judge and Officers of the Court of Chancery.

Vice-Chancellor may order Transfer of Suits from County Court to Court of Chancery.

City Small Debts Court to have same Jurisdiction in all Matters as a Metropolitan County Court

Power to Judge of a County Court to order any Legacy, &c. to which an Infant or Person beyond the Seas may be entitled to be paid into the Bank of England, in accordance with Provisions of Sect 32. of 36 G. 3. c. 52.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

5. In all Proceedings under the Trustees Relief Acts, or under the Trustee Acts, or

under any of such Acts, in which the Trust Estate or Fund to which the Proceeding relates shall not exceed in Amount or Value the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

6. In all Proceedings relating to the Maintenance or Advancement of Infants in which the Property of the Infant shall not exceed in Amount or Value the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

7. In all Suits for the Dissolution or Winding-up of any Partnership in which the whole

Property, Stock, and Credits of such Partnership shall not exceed in Amount or Value the Sum of Five hundred Pounds:

8. In all Proceedings for Orders in the Nature of Injunctions, where the same are

requisite for granting Relief in any Matter in which Jurisdiction is given by this Act to the County Court, or for Stay of Proceedings at Law to recover any Debt provable under a Decree for the Administration of an Estate made by the Court to which the Application for the Order to stay Proceedings is made,

2. In all such Suits or Matters the Judge of a County Court shall, in addition to the Powers and Authorities now possessed by him, have all the Powers and Authorities, for the Purposes of this Act, of a Judge of the High Court of Chancery; and the Treasurer, Registrar, and High Bailiffs shall, in all Matters in which the County Court has Jurisdiction under this Act, discharge any Duties which an Officer of the Court of Chancery can discharge, either under the Order of a Judge of such Court or the Practice thereof, and all Officers of the County Courts shall in discharging such Duties conform to any Rules or Orders to be framed as herein-after provided.

3. Any One of the Vice-Chancellors, on the Application at Chambers of any Party to any Suit or Matter pending under this Act, shall have Power, then and there, or, if he shall think fit, after hearing a Summons served upon the other Party or Parties, to transfer the same to the Court of Chancery, upon such Terms, if any, as to Security for Costs or otherwise, as he may think fit.

4. The Judge and Officers of the Court held under the Provisions of "The London (City) Small Debts Extension Act, 1852," herein-after called the "City Court," shall respectively have and exercise the like Jurisdiction, Powers, and Authorities in all respects, except the Power of appointing Officers, as are for the Time being possessed and exercised by the Judge and Officers respectively of a Metropolitan County Court; and the Chief Clerk and the Chief Bailiff of the City Court shall henceforth be respectively styled the Registrar and High Bailiff thereof, the Word "Registrar" being interpreted to include the Assistant Clerks, and the Words " High Bailiff" the Bailiffs of the City Court; and the Fees which may be from Time to Time taken in a County Court in any Proceeding in which Jurisdiction is hereby given to the Judge and Officers of the City Court shall be taken in the City Court, and shall be paid into the General Fund thereof, and the Judge and Officers of the City Court shall, out of the said General Fund, be respectively paid additional Salaries of such Amount as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of Isondon, in Common Council assembled, from Time to Time shall think fit to direct; and such Judge and Officers of the City Court shall conform to the Rules and Orders made under the Authority of this Act.

5. Any Legacy or Sum of Money to which any Person who is an Infant or absent beyond Seas may be found or declared entitled by any County Court in any Suitor Matter under this Act may be ordered by the Court to be paid to the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in accordance with the Provisions of [Section Thirty-two of an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty Ring George the Third, Chapter Fifty-two; and the Person ordered to pay the same shall, within such Time as the Court shall direct, produce to the Registrar of the Court the Certificate of the Accountant General of the Payment of such Money; and if Default be made in such Payment the Judge may direct a Warrant of Execution to issue to the High Bailiff of the Court, who by such Warrant shall be empowered to levy or cause to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person a Sum of Money equal in Amount to the Sum which he was ordered to pay to the said Accountant

General

451

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, o. 99.

General and to the Costs incurred by reason of such Default, and the Sum so levied shall be paid to and be receivable by the said Accountant General under the Direction of the Court; and all Amounts so paid or transferred into the Court of Chancery, with any Dividends thereon, shall be paid or transferred to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, or otherwise applied for his or their Benefit, on Application by Summons to One of the Vice-Chancellors while sitting at Chambers.

0. Nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to impair the Jurisdiction of the Stannaries Court, or to give Authority to any County Court Judge to entertain Jurisdiction diction of in any Case to which the Equitable Jurisdiction of the said Court at present extends. Court *

7. Whenever it is required that a Jury should be summoned for the Trial of any Matter Provision* of

arising out of the Jurisdiction given to the County Courts by this Act, it shall be summoned ^>ttrt

from the List of Jurors in the Possession of the Registrar of the County Court in which juries, Suitors, the Suit or Matter has been brought; and all the Enactments relating to the summoning, and Witnesses impannelling, and swearing of a Jury in a County Court, and to the Number of the Jury

and the Unanimity of their Verdict, shall apply to every Jury summoned under this Act; witnesses and the Duties and Obligations of and upon all Jurors, Suitors, and Witnesses, and their under this Act Liability to Penalty and Punishment, shall, in any Proceeding under this Act, be the same as those created, authorized, and imposed by the several Statutes now in force relating to County Courts.

8. For the due Execution of any Judgment, Decree, or Order made under the Authority Power to

of this Act, or of the Rules and Orders to be framed as herein-after provided, the Court udg-

shall have Power to order, and the Registrar upon such Order shall have Authority to seal County Court* and issue, and the High Bailiff to execute, any Writ or Warrant of Possession, Writ or in Equity. Warrant of Execution, or other Process of Execution for carrying into effect any Judgment,

Decree, or Order of the said Court; and such Writs, Warrants, and Processes shall be in the Form and executed at the Time and in the Manner to be set forth in the Rules and Orders to be framed as herein-after provided.

8. If during the Progress of any Suit or Matter it shall be made to appear to the Court WhereAmount that the Subject Matter exceeds the Limit in point of Amount to which the Jurisdiction of Subject. the County Courts is hereby limited, it shall not affect the Validity of any Order or Decree exc^dfl°Lim^ already made, but it shall be the Duty of the Court to direct the said Suit or Matter to be of the Juria-transferred to the Court of Chancery, and thereupon the said Suit or Matter shall proceed <!jction °* in such One of the Vice-Chancellors Courts as the Lord Chancellor may by General Order suiTmay be* direct; and such Vice-Chancellor shall have Power to regulate the whole of the Procedure remitted to in the said Suit or Matter when so transferred: Provided always, that it shall be lawful Court^f Chan-for any Party to apply to such Vice-Chancellor at Chambers for an Order authorizing and cery> directing the Suit or Matter to be carried on and prosecuted in the County Court, notwithstanding such Excess in the Amount of the Limit to which Jurisdiction in the Matter is hereby given to the County Courts; and the Vice-Chancellor, if he shall deem it right to summon the other Parties or any of them to appear before him for that Purpose, after hearing such Parties, or on default of the Appearance of all or any of them, shall have full Power to make such Order.

10. With respect to the Court in which Proceedings in Equity shall be taken — In what Courts

1. Proceedings under this Act which relate to the Recovery or Sale of any Mortgage, ^SS^etoSeo

Charge, or Lien on Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be taken in that County Court within the District of which the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, are situate:

2. Proceedings under the Trustee Acts, 1850 and 1852, shall be taken in the County

Court within the District of which the Persons making the Application, or any of them, reside or resides t

3. Proceedings for the Administration of the Assets of a deceased Person shall be taken in the County Court within the District of which the deceased Person had his last Place of Abode in England, or in which the Executors or Administrators, or any One of them, shall have their or his Place of Abode s

4. Pro-

452

As to Transfer of Sait from one County Court to another.

Remuneration of Registrars and High Bailiffs in Matters of Equity.

Certain Fees to be taken, and to be paid over to the Consolidated Fund, and the Salaries of the Judges to be increased by 300/. a Year.

Judge not obliged to hold Courts in the Month of September.

As to Registry of Judgments in London.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

4. Proceedings in Partnership Cases shall be taken in the County Court within the Dis-

trict of which the Partnership Business was or is carried on:

5. Proceedings for the specific Performance or the Delivery up or cancelling of Agreements shall be taken in the County Court within the District of which the Defendants, or any One of them, reside or resides, or carry on or carries on Business:

6. Proceedings in any Suit or other Matter under this Act, which are not otherwise provided for, shall be taken or instituted in the County Court within the District of which the Defendants, or any or either of them, shall reside or carry on Business.

11. If during the Progress of a Suit or Matter it shall be made to appear to the Court that the same could be more conveniently prosecuted in some other County Court, it shall be competent for the Court to transfer the same to such other County Court, and thereupon the Suit or Matter shall proceed in such other County Court.

12. The Registrars and High Bailiffs of the County Courts shall be remunerated for the Duties to be performed by them under the Jurisdiction in Equity given to the Courts by this Act, by receiving for their own Use such Fees as may be from Time to Time authorized to be taken by any Orders to be made by the Commissioners of the Treasury, with the Consent of the Lord Chancellor; and the Commissioners of the Treasury are hereby authorized and empowered, with such Consent as aforesaid, from Time to Time to make such Orders.

13. In addition to the Fees to be authorized to be taken by Order of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury as aforesaid, there shall be paid by the Suitors the several Fees which are specified and set forth in the Schedule to this Act, or such further or other Fees as the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lord Chancellor, shall from Time to Time by Order direct, which Fees shall be received by the Registrar of the Court, and accounted for and paid over by him to the Treasurer of the Court, who shall, at such Times as the said Commissioners shall direct, nay such Fees into the Bank of England, to the Credit of the Paymaster General, to be by him paid over to the Credit of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Salaries paid out of such Fund to the Judges of the County Courts shall be increased by Three hundred Pounds a Year: Provided always, that the Salary of the Successor to any Judge who under this Act shall receive a larger Salary in the whole than One thousand five hundred Pounds shall not exceed One thousand five hundred Pounds: Provided also, that if any Judge heretofore appointed shall resign his Office by reason of any permanent Infirmity before he shall have received or become entitled to receive the increased Amount of Salary payable to him under this Act for the full Period of Five Years, any Annuity which the Lord Chancellor may recommend to be paid to him upon such Retirement shall be calculated with reference to the average Amount of Salary received or receivable by him for the Five Years next preceding the Date of such Retirement, and not with reference to the yearly Salary which he shall be entitled to as a Judge of County Court at the Time of presenting his Petition for the Grant of an Annuity.

14. No Judge of any County Court shall be obliged to hold any Courts during the Month of September in any Year, unless he shall be ordered by the Lord Chancellor so to do; and if any Judge shall be desirous of holding Courts in the said Month of September, and of being relieved from the Obligation to do so at some other Period of the Year, it shall be lawful for such Judge, with the Sanction of the Lord Chancellor, to close the Courts upon his Circuit for any Period or Periods of Time of which the Lord Chancellor shall approve, not exceeding in the whole Four Weeks in any One Year: Provided always, that every County Court shall always be open for the Receipt and Payment out of Money due under any Order of the Court, pursuant to the Rules and Orders in force for the Time being, or for any Proceeding in Bankruptcy before the Registrar.

15. Such of the Judgments and Decrees as may be directed by any Rule or Order shall be registered with the Registrar of County Court Judgments in London in such Manner as may be therein directed.

16. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 99.

16. The County Court Judges appointed or to be appointed by the Lord Chancellor from Time to Time to frame Rules and Orders for regulating the Practice of the Courts, and Forms of Proceeding therein, under the Thirty-second Section of an Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight, shall frame the Rules and Orders for regulating the Practice of the County Courts under this Act, and Forms of Proceedings therein, and from Time to Time amend such Rules, Orders, and Forms; and such Rules, Orders, and Forms, or amended Rules, Orders, and Forms, certified under the Hands of such Judges or of any Three or more of them, shall be submitted to the Lord Chancellor, who may allow or disallow or alter the same, and so from Time to Time; and the Rules, Orders, and Forms, or amended Rules, Orders, and Forms, so allowed or altered, shall, from a Day to be named by the Lord Chancellor, be in force in every County Court.

17. The County Court Judges mentioned in the last Section shall be empowered to frame a Scale of Costs and Charges to be paid to Counsel and Attorneys with respect to all Proceedings which are herein authorized to be taken, and from Time to Time to amend such Scale; and such Scale or amended Scale, certified under the Hands of such Judges or any Three or more of them, shall be submitted to the Lord Chancellor, who from Time to Time may allow or disallow or alter the same; and the Scale or amended Scale so allowed or altered shall, from a Day to be named by the Lord Chancellor, be in force in every County Court.

18. If any Party in a Suit or Matter under this Act shall be dis-satisfied with the Determination or Direction of a Judge of a County Court on any Matter of Law or Equity, or on the Admission or Rejection of any Evidence, such Party may appeal from the same to the Vice-Chancellor authorized as aforesaid, provided that such Party shall, within Thirty Days after such Determination or Direction, give Notice of such Appeal to the other Party or his Attorney, and also deposit with the Registrar of the County Court the Sum of Ten Pounds as Security for the Costs of the Appeal; and the said Court of Appeal may make such final or other Decree or Order as it shall think fit, and may also make such Order with respect to the Costs of the said Appeal as such Court may think proper; and such Orders shall be final: Provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Party to appeal against any Decision of a County Court, given upon any Question as to the Value of any Real or Personal Property, for the Purpose of determining the Question of the Jurisdiction of the Court under this Act, nor to appeal against the Decision of a County Court on the Ground that the Proceedings might or should have been taken in any other County Court.

19. In any Case which may be the Subject of an Appeal under this Act in Causes arising within the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Appeal may be made either to the High Court of Chancery or a Vice-Chancellor thereof, or to the Court of Chancery of the County Palatine of Lancaster or the Vice-Chancellor thereof; and that in case of an Appeal to the Court of Chancery for the said County Palatine or the Vice-Chancellor thereof, the Order on such Appeal shall have the same Effect as if it had been made by a Vice-Chancellor of the High Court of Chancery; but no Appeal shall be made to the Court of Chancery of the said County Palatine or the Vice-Chancellor thereof unless the Consent thereto in Writing of the Respondent or Respondents on such Appeal, or of his or their Solicitor or Solicitors, shall be first obtained.

20. The present Registrar of the Bloomsbury County Court of Middlesex, not being an Attorney or Solicitor, but holding his Office by virtue of Section Twelve of the Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, shall be entitled on the passing of this Act to claim and receive Compensation for the Loss of such Office in the same Manner as is provided by Section Thirty-eight of the said Act; and the Amount of Compensation to be awarded shall be paid out of Monies that may be voted by Parliament for that Purpose.

2L This Act and the Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, and any Act 28 & 29 VICT. 3 M amending

453

Power to frame Hales and Orders under 19 & 20 Vict. c. 108.

Scale of Costs to be framed by the Judges.

Parties aggrieved may appeal.

Appeal to be made either to the High Court of Chancery or a Vice-Chancellor.

Registrar of the Bloomsbury County Court not being an Attorney to be entitled to retire with Compensation.

ThiB Act and 9 & 10 Vict. c. 95., and any Act amending

454

or altering the same, to be construed together.

Salary of T. Rodgers, Esq., as Joint Registrar of the County Court of Yorkshire, holden at Sheffield, to be 700/. a Year.

[Commencement of Act.]

Power to Her Majesty, by Orders in Council, to transfer from Admiralty to Board of Trade Harbours named in Schedule to this Act.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 99, 100.

amending or altering the same, shall be read and construed as One Act, as if the several Provisions contained in 'the said Acts referred to, not inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, were repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

22. The Salary of Thomas Rodgers Esquire, who in respect of his abolished Office of Deputy Steward of the Court Baron of the Manor of Ecclesall in the County of York became, under the Provisions of Section Eleven of the Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-five, Joint Registrar of the County Court of Yorkshire holden at Sheffield, shall, in consideration of the great Increase of Labour and Responsibility of the said last-mentioned Office, be from the passing of this Act Seven hundred Pounds a Year, notwithstanding the Restriction contained in Section Eighty-two of the Act passed in the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight; and upon the Death, Removal, or Resignation of either of the Persons now in possession of the Office of Registrar of the said County Court no other Person shall be appointed to such Office of Registrar, jointly or otherwise, until both the Persons holding such Office on the First Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five shall have died, been removed, or have resigned.

23. The Provisions of this Act shall come into operation on the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, except the Provisions relating to framing a Scale of Costs and making Rules and Orders of Practice and Forms of Proceeding, and except the Provision which relieves the Judges from the Obligation of holding Courts during the Month of September without the Order of the Lord Chancellor, which Provisions shall come into operation on the passing of this Act.

SCHEDULE,

On the Commencement of every Suit or Matter -On setting down any Matter for Hearing On Application for Final Decree or Decretal Order

£ s. I

0 10 0

1 0 0

1 0 0

CAP. C.

An Act to transfer from the Admiralty to the Board of Trade Powers and Duties relative to certain Harbours.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, from Time to Time, by Order in Council, on the joint Recommendation of the Commissioners of the Admiralty and the Board of Trade, to transfer, as from such Time as seems fit, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Board of Trade, all or any of the Harbours specified in the Schedule to this Act, with the Breakwaters, Piers, Jetties, Quays, Wharves, Lighthouses, Roads, Approaches, Works, Buildings, and Things belonging thereto, and the Ground and Soil thereof, and the Lands and Hereditaments acquired for the Purposes thereof and all Powers and Duties in relation thereto, as far as at the Time of the Transfer taking effect the Harbours, Property, Powers, and Duties aforesaid are vested in or imposed on the Commissioners of the Admiralty, but subject in any Case to such Conditions and Restrictions (if any) as to Her Majesty in Council seem fit.

2. All

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 100, 101. 455

2. All Harbours and Property transferred under this Act to the Board of Trade shall Board of Trade be vested in them in trust for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, for the Public

Service. Public Service.

3. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette; Publication, and a Copy of the London Gazette containing any such Order shall be conclusive Evidence &c* of Ordere of the making and Publication of such Order, and every such Order shall be judicially m Uounc noticed without being specially pleaded.

4. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parlia- Orders to be

ment within Thirty Days after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and if not

then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Parliament. 91 6111611

5. This Act may be cited as The Harbours Transfer Act, 1865. Short e.

SCHEDULE.

Harbours to be transferred *

Portland. I St. Catherine's, Jersey.

Dover (the Outer Harbour). | Alderney.

CAP. CI.

An Act for authorizing Transferable Debentures to be charged upon Land in Ireland.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to authorize the Creation of Transferable Debentures to be charged upon Land in Ireland Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act shall apply to Ireland only. Extent of Act.

2. In any Act of Parliament, Document, or Proceeding, this Act shall be sufficiently Short Title, designated as " The Land Debentures (Ireland) Act, 1865.

3. In the Construction of this Act, and of this Section thereof, the following Words and interpretation Expressions shall have the Meanings hereby assigned to them respectively, unless there be of Terms, something in the Subject or Context requiring a different Construction:

The Word " Court" means the Landed Estates Court of Ireland:

The Word " Certificate" means a Certificate declaring Land chargeable with Debentures under this Act:

The Word "Debenture" means a Debenture charged upon Land under this Act:

The Word " Person " extends to and includes a Body Politic or Corporate, whether aggregate or sole, and any Company as well as a private Individual, and includes also the Assignees of any Bankrupt or Insolvent:

The Word " Possession " includes the Receipt of Rents and Profits:

The Word " Land " includes and extends to Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments held in Fee Simple or Fee-farm, also impropriate Rentcharges in lieu of Tithe, and other perpetual Rentcharges or Annuities and Fee-farm Rents issuing out of Land in Ireland, whether subject or not subject to any Incumbrance:

The Words " recorded Land " mean any Land the Title to which shall be recorded under the Record of Title Act (Ireland), 1865

Court may certify Land to be chargeable with Debentures.

Owner of Land may issue Debentures with Sanction of Court.

Form and Effect of Debenture.

Transfer of Debentures.

Coupons.

Debentures on unincumbered Land.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

The Word tf Owner/' as applied to Land or recorded Land, means the Person or Persons entitled for His or their own Benefit, at Law or in Equity, in possession, to a Fee Simple, Fee-farm, or perpetual Interest in any Land or recorded Land as above defined:

The Word " Incumbrance" means any legal or equitable Charge by Mortgage, Lien, Judgment, Decree, Rule, or Order, Crown Bond, Recognizance, Legacy, Portion, Trust, or otherwise, whereby any Sum of Money is secured upon or made payable out of any Land, and includes also any Easement, and any Rentcharge, Annuity, or other annual or periodical Charge or Payment, except only Quit and Crown Rents, Rent-charges in lieu of Tithe, and Charges imposed by any Act for the Drainage or Improvement of Land:

And the Word " Incumbrancer" means any Person entitled to an Incumbrance, or to require the Payment, Discharge, or Benefit thereof.

4. It shall be lawful for the Owner of any recorded Land to apply to the Court to have such Land declared chargeable with Debentures under this Act. Thereupon the Court shall investigate the Title to the Land, and its existing State and Circumstances. If upon such Investigation it appear proper to grant the Application, as to the whole or any Part of the Land, the Court shall certify to that Effect, and shall cause an Entry of such Certificate to be made in its Books, in such Form as it may deem fit.

5. After the Entry of such Certificate it shall be lawful for the Owner of the Land described therein, at any Time and from Time to Time, to issue Debentures under this Act pursuant to such Certificate, on satisfying the Court that no just Rights of other Parties which have accrued since the Date of the Certificate will be injuriously affected thereby. The Sanction of the Court to the Issue of any Debenture shall be signified in such Manner as the Court may by any General Order authorize for that Purpose.

6. A Debenture, when issued under the Sanction of the Court, shall be well charged upon the Land described in the Certificate under which it is issued.

All Debentures shall be in such Form as the Court may approve of; for such Sums of Money, bearing Interest at such Rate or Rates, or not bearing Interest, and payable or redeemable at such Time or Times, not being less than Six Months nor more than Ten Years from the Date of the Certificate, as to the Court may seem fit.

7. Before sanctioning the Issue of any Debenture the Court shall cause an Entry thereol to be made in its Books. After the Issue of any Debenture under the Sanction of the Court the Owner of the Land charged therewith may transfer such Debenture, by means of a Memorandum to that Effect entered in the Books of the Court. Every Transferee of a Debenture may also transfer it by means of a Memorandum in the Books of the Court The Transfer shall be in such Form as the Court may approve of It shall vest in the Person to whom it is made the Ownership of the Debenture, and all Rights of Action or Suit which the Transferor had at the Time of such Transfer. Every Debenture shall be for a Sum of not less than Fifty Pounds, and shall specify the Place where the Principal and Interest shall be payable.

8. A Debenture may have annexed to it Coupons, entitling the Bearer to the Interest payable in respect thereof. The Payment to the Bearer of any Coupon of the Amount expressed therein shall be a full Discharge to the Person paying the same of all Liability in respect of the Coupon and the Interest represented thereby.

9. In the Case of unincumbered Land no Debenture shall be charged for such a Principal Sum as, either solely or together with the Amount of the Principal Sum or Sums charged on the same Land by virtue of any other Debenture or Debentures, shall be more than Ten Times the Sum which may appear to the Court to be the yearly Value of such Land, not exceeding, in any Case, the Value fixed by the Public Valuation of Lands in Ireland, having regard, amongst other Matters, to any Lease then affecting the same; nor shall there be reserved by any Debenture upon such unincumbered Land Interest of such annual Amount as, either solely or together with the annual Interest reserved and charged

457

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

by any other Debenture or Debentures upon the same Land, shall exceed One Half of what may appear to the Court to be its yearly Value as aforesaid.

10. If the Charge proposed to be created by Debenture is to be puisne or subject to any other Incumbrance the Court shall have regard thereto, and shall estimate such other Incumbrance at its full Value; and shall so limit the Debentures which it may think fit to issue, that their Amount shall be as amply secured as Debentures would be if charged on unincumbered Land to an Amount not exceeding Ten Times the yearly Value thereof

11. Debentures upon any Land shall be puisne and subject to the several Incumbrances specified or referred to in the Certificate; also to Quit or Crown Kents, to Rentcharges in lieu of Tithe, and to Charges imposed by any Act heretofore made for the Drainage or Improvement of Land. With those Exceptions, all Debentures charged upon any Land shall be the First Incumbrances thereon. Where there shall be more than One Debenture charged on the same Land there shall be no Priority as between the several Debentures, notwithstanding any Priority in the Date or Number thereof.

12. In case any Debenture shall be given up to the Court in a mutilated or injured State, it shall be lawful for the Court to cancel such Debenture, and to sanction the Issue in its place of a new Debenture, on such Terms and the Payment of such Fees as the Court may consider just.

13. In case it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Court that any Debenture was destroyed or lost, it shall be lawful for the Court to sanction the Issue in its place of a Duplicate Debenture, marked as such, on such Terms and the Payment of such Fees as the Court may consider just; but without Prejudice to the Rights of any Holder of the original Debenture, by whom it may afterwards be actually produced. Such Duplicate Debenture shall be transferable by Entry only in the Books of the Court.

14. Every Debenture shall be deemed a Sum of Money charged upon Land within the Meaning of Sections Forty and Forty-two of the Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, Chapter Twenty-seven, intituled An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereof and shall be subject to the Periods of Limitation prescribed by those Sections as to Principal and Interest respectively.

15. Every Debenture, when vested in any Person other than the Owner of the Land charged therewith, shall be deemed Personal Estate; and when vested in the Owner of the Land, shall be deemed Real Estate.

16. A Debenture shall be deemed to be a Charge by way of Mortgage, and the Money payable under a Debenture a Mortgage Debt within the Operation of the Act passed in the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Years of the Queen, intituled An Act to amend the Law relating to the Administration of the Estates of deceased Persons.

17. On the Application of the Owner of the Land charged with any Debenture, and on being satisfied by Affidavit or otherwise that the Principal Money has remained unpaid for Thirty Days by reason of Failure on the Part of the Debenture Holder to receive Payment, or that there is other proper Ground for the Application, the Court may, if and on such Terms as it shall think fit, order that the Applicant be at liberty, within Seven Days or such other Time as it shall consider reasonable, to pay the Principal due and the Interest up to the Date of such Payment into the Bank of Ireland, to the Account of such Matter as the Court may direct, with the Name of the Owner of the Land, but in trust to attend the Orders of the Court.

The Payment of the Money into Bank pursuant to such Order shall, as regards the Owner of the Land, be deemed a Payment by him to the Holder of the Debenture.

18. The Land charged, or the Owner thereof, shall not be affected by any Trust affecting a Debenture, or by any Notice whatever of such Trust; but the Party entitled to the

Benefit

Debentures on

incumbered

Land.

Priority of Debentures.

Debentures mutilated or injured.

Debentures destroyed or lost.

Limitation of Principal and Interest.

Debentures, Personal or Real Estate.

Debenture to be a Charge by *ay of Mortgage-

Provision as to the Payment of Money into Court.

Trusts affecting Debentures.

When Interest due, Application may be made for Sale.

Option to be paid out of Sale.

Indemnity to Trustees as to Option.

When Debenture due, Application may be made for Sale.

On Consent, new Debenture may be issued.

Indemnity to Trustees as to Consent

Owner of overdue Debenture may be paid off.

In certain Cases Court may appoint Guardian.

Court may dismiss Pto* ceedings. Debenture Holder to have no Claim on Court, &c.

Stamp Duties.

Court may frame Forms and Rules.

. 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 101.

Benefit of such Trust may nevertheless proceed to establish the same as against the Holder of the Debenture.

19. The Owner of any Debenture to whom any Interest shall remain due for the Term of One Month after the Time appointed for the Payment thereof shall be at liberty to apply to the Court for a Sale of the Land charged with such Debenture.

20. The Court shall thereupon give to the Holder of every Debenture the Option either to have the Sum due for Principal and Interest on his Debenture paid out of the Proceeds of the Sale, according to the Priority of his Demand, or to have the Interest only paid, and to permit the Principal to remain a Charge on the unsold Lands until the Time appointed by the Debenture for Payment of the Principal.

21. If the Owner of any over-due Debenture shall be a Trustee, he shall not be deemed guilty of a Breach of Trust, nor be accountable for the Manner in which he may exercise such Option.

22. The Owner of any Debenture which shall remain unpaid at the Time appointed by such Debenture for Payment of the Principal thereof may apply to the Court for a Sale of the Land charged therewith.

23. In case the Owner of any Debenture, and the Owner of the Land charged therewith, shall so consent, it shall be lawful for the Court to sanction the Issue of a new Debenture in place of such over-due Debenture, which new Debenture shall bear such Interest and shall be payable at such Time as shall be therein expressed.

24. If the Owner of any over-due Debenture shall be a Trustee, he shall not be deemed guilty of a Breach of Trust by reason of his giving or withholding his Consent to the Acceptance of such new Debenture.

25. In case the Owner of any over-due Debenture shall refuse to accept a new Debenture in lieu thereof, the Owner of the Land charged therewith may pay off the same, and apply to the Court to sanction the Issue of a new Debenture in lieu thereof.

26. If the Owner of any Land shall be under any Disability, the Court may appoint a Guardian ad litem for such Owner; and the Consent and Directions of such Guardian shall have the same Effect as if the Owner had been under no Disability, and had given such Consent or Directions.

27. The Court shall have Authority to dismiss any Proceeding upon Payment of Interest and Costs, or on such further or other Terms as it may deem equitable.

28. Under no Circumstances shall the Holder of a Debenture have any Claim whatever upon the Court, or upon any Public Funds in respect of any Mistake or Omission relating to the Value, Quality, or Title of or to the Estate, or otherwise howsoever.

29. Within the Meaning of the several Acts in force relating to Stamps, a Certificate under this Act shall be deemed to be a Deed not specifically charged nor expressly exempted. A Debenture shall be deemed to be a Mortgage made as a Security for the Amount of the Principal Money thereby secured, and a Transfer of a Debenture shall be deemed to be a Transfer of a Mortgage.

Provided that no Debenture shall be transferred by means of a Memorandum in the Books of the Court until it shall have been stamped with the Amount of Stamp Duty applicable in the Case of Mortgages given by Public Companies, as mentioned in the Fourteenth Section of the Act of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fifty-nine.

30. The Court may frame and promulgate all such Forms, Rules, and Directions as it shall consider requisite or expedient for the Assistance and Guidance of Persons acting under this Act; for annulling Certificates; for regulating the Transfer of Debentures; for calling in or cancelling Debentures, and for the Issue of others, in case of Forgery, Abstraction, Destruction, Defacement, or other like Inconvenience; for the giving of Notices;

and

459

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 101, 102, 103.

and generally for facilitating or regulating the Course of Procedure, or giving effect to the Purposes and Provisions of this Act.

31. The Court shall also have the same or the like Powers and Authorities for the General Purposes of this Act as it has for those of the Act or Acts of Parliament under which it is I>ower8* at present constituted, as well in relation to the Appointment or Removal and to the Salaries of necessary Officers, as also to the making of General Orders, the Conduct or Costs of Proceedings, the Production of Documents or Examination of Witnesses, and to any other Matter requisite for effecting the Objects of this Act.

CAP. CII.

An Act to amend an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland, and an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of Her Majesty, to amend the said Act.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Twentieth " and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act for 20 & 21 Vict. the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke of Furnaces in Scotland: And c- 7S* whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of 24 & 25 Vict.

the Reign of Her Majesty, for the Abatement of the Nuisance arising from the Smoke ' of Furnaces in Scotland: And whereas it is expedient that the same be amended, ' to the Effect after mentioned/ Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows 2

c. 17.

L The Word " Place in the said first-recited Act shall mean and include every Interpretation Burgh and Town of Scotland which is not a Royal Burgh, provided the same comprehend a Population of not less than Two thousand, and shall include the whole Area contained first.recited within the Parliamentary or Police Limits or Boundaries thereof; and the said recited Act.

Acts shall extend and apply to every such Burgh and Town containing the foresaid Amount of Population in the same Manner and as fully in all respects as if such Burghs and Towns had been included in the Meaning of the Word " Place " in the said first-recited Act.

Cap. cm.

An Act to provide for the Discontinuance of a separate Court of Quarter Sessions and a separate Gaol in the Borough of Falmouth.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to provide for the Discontinuance of a separate Court of Quarter Sessions and a separate Gaol for the Borough of Falmouth Be it there-

fore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Falmouth Gaol Discontinuance Act, 1865/ '

2. This

460

[Commencement of Act.]

Falmouth to cease to have separate Court of Quarter Sessions.

Provis on as to Prison at Falmouth.

Removal of Prisoners in Falmouth Prison.

Prison at Falmouth to belong to County of Cornwall.

Compensation and Superannuation Allowances to Recorder, &c. at Falmouth.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 103.

2. This Act shall not come into operation until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, which Day is herein-after referred to as the Commencement of the Act.

3. From and after the Commencement of this Act no separate Court of Quarter Sessions shall be holden for the Borough of Falmouth, and there shall be no Recorder and no Coroner for the said Borough, and the said Borough shall for all the Purposes of a County Bate, and of the Jurisdiction of the County Justices and of the County Coroner, and for all other Purposes, be deemed to be a Borough to which a separate Commission of the Peace, but no separate Court of Quarter Sessions, has been granted.

4. From and after the Commencement of this Act no Person shall be committed to the Prison at Falmouth, and all Persons who would otherwise have been committed to the Prison at Falmouth shall be committed to the Prison of the County of Cornwall, and shall be dealt with in all respects as if the Borough of Falmouth had never had a separate Court of Quarter Sessions, and never had a separate Gaol.

5. As soon as conveniently may be after the Commencement of this Act the Gaoler of Falmouth Prison shall, without Writ of Habeas corpus or other Writ for that Purpose, remove every Prisoner under Sentence or committed for Trial in such Prison to the Prison of the County of Cornwall, and deliver such Prisoner into the Custody of the Gaoler of the said County Prison, together with the Writ and other Process under which the Prisoner was arrested or confined; and the Gaoler of the said County Prison shall be bound to receive such Prisoner, and shall give a Receipt to the Gaoler of the Falmouth Prison for every Prisoner removed in pursuance of this Section; and all Prisoners so removed who may have been committed for Trial shall be tried in all respects in the same Manner as if they had originally been committed to the County Prison for Trial by a Justice or Justices of the County of Cornwall; and all other Prisoners so removed shall be dealt with in all respects in the same Manner as if they had originally been sentenced to be confined in the said County Prison instead of in Falmouth Prison.

6. Subject to the Provision herein contained as to the Removal of the Prisoners to the County of Cornwall, the Prison of the said Borough of Falmouth shall from and after the Commencement of this Act vest in the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being of the said County of Cornwall, and his Successors, to be held by him and them on trust for the said County, to be used as a Lock-up House so long as the said Justices may require the same, and subject thereto to be held upon trust for the said Borough, to be sold, and the Proceeds of such Sale to be paid to such Persons and to be applied in such Manner as the Council of the said Borough may direct.

7. The Recorder of Falmouth shall be entitled to receive his Salary during his Life, or until such Time as he accepts some other Office of equal or greater Value, or of such Character as would if he had continued Recorder have disqualified him from holding or been inconsistent with his holding the Office of Recorder; and the Council of the said Borough of Falmouth may allow such Compensation or Allowance as they think fit to any other Person who, by reason of the passing of this Act, is deprived of any Salary or Emoluments, so that no such Compensation or Allowance exceeds the Proportion of the Salary and Emolument, if any, which might be granted under similar Circumstances to a Person in the Civil Service under the Acts for regulating such Compensations or Allowances for the Time being in force; and any Compensation or Allowance so allowed shall be paid out of any Rates applicable to the Payment of the Salaries of such Officer *

461

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

CAP. CIV.

An Act to amend the Procedure and Practice in Crown Suits in the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and for other Purposes.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

PART I.

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited as The Crown Suits, &c. Act, 1865.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be divided into Five Parts, as follows:

Part I., Preliminary:

Part II., relating to Proceedings by English Information in the Court of Exchequer:

Part III., relating to Proceedings at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer:

Part IV., relating to certain other Classes of Proceedings where the Crown is interested:

Part V., relating to Recovery of Succession, Legacy, and Probate Duty in certain Cases.

3. This Act shall extend to England only. Extent of Act

4. This Act shall commence from and immediately after the First Day of November One Commence-thousand eight hundred and sixty-five; General Rules under this Act may nevertheless be ment of Act. made before that Time, but not so as to commence before it.

5. With respect to the Construction of this Act, the following Provisions shall have Construction

effect: SenertT

(1.) The Provisions of this Act relative to Her Majesty's Attorney General shall be construed as applying also to Her Majesty's Solicitor General, when a Vacancy in the Office of Attorney General or other Occasion so requires:

(2.) The Provisions of this Act relative to the Crown, or to Her Majesty in right of the Crown, shall be construed as applying also to the Duchy of Lancaster, or to Her Majesty in right of that Duchy, when the Case so requires:

(3.) The Terms " Party " and " Parties " where used in this Act include, and the same Terms where used in any Enactment extended and applied by this Act shall, for the Purposes of this Act, include Her Majesty's Attorney General, and the Attorney General of the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, as the Case may require:

(4.) The Term "a Judge" where used in this Act means any Judge of One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster transacting Business ut of Court.

[Short Title.]

Division of Act into Parts.

PART II.

Proceedings by English Information in the Court of Exchequer.

6. In this Part of this Act — Interpretation

The Term "the Court of Exchequer" or "the Court" means Her Majesty's Court of p^8in Exchequer at Westminster exercising Jurisdiction or Authority in Suits relating to the Revenues of the Crown and of the Duchies of Lancaster and Cornwall instituted and conducted according to the Forms of equitable Procedure:

The Term " Information" means an Information, styled an English Information, exhibited in the Court of Exchequer in the Name of Her Majesty's Attorney General, or of the Attorney General of the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, as the Informant, and includes an Information and Bill:

The Term " Suit " or " Cause" means a Suit or Cause commenced by Information: and, except as expressly provided otherwise, nothing in this Part of this Act shall be deemed to apply to any Proceedings other than Proceedings in Suits commenced by Information.

28 & 29 Vict. 3 N 7. An

462

Printing of Information.

Service of printed Information substituted for Subpoena and Distringas.

Mode and Effect of Service of printed Information.

Information to be marked.

Sale of Copies to Defendant

Amendments

to be subject to same Rules.

Form, &c. of Interrogatories.

Defendant need not answer unless, &c.

Time for Defendant to put in Plea, Answer, or Demurrer, &c.

Contents of Answer.

Abolition of Commissions to take Answers, &c.

Swearing of Answers, &c. in Scotland, Ac.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

7. An Information shall be printed, and shall be received and filed in print, and not otherwise.

8. The Writ of Subpoena to appear to and answer an Information, and the Writ of Distringas against a Corporation to appear to an Information, are hereby abolished; and in lieu of the Service of such Writs respectively there shall be served a printed Information having an Indorsement thereon in the Form given in the First Schedule to this Act, with such Variations as Circumstances require.

9. Except in case of a Corporation Aggregate, such Service shall be effected as Service of a Writ of Subpoena is now effected (save that the original Information shall not be produced), and shall have the same Effect in all respects as Service of a Writ of Subpoena now has; and in case of a Corporation Aggregate such Service shall be effected by Delivery of a printed Information, having an Indorsement thereon as aforesaid, to the Mayor or other Head Officer, or to the Town Clerk, Clerk, Treasurer, or Secretary of the Corporation.

10. The Information served shall be first so marked by the proper Officer of the Court as to indicate the filing of the Information and the Date of the filing.

11. A Defendant shall be entitled to have as many printed Copies of the Information as he requires, on paying for them at such Rate as General Rules under this Part of this Act direct.

12. On Amendment of an Information the foregoing Provisions shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to the Information as amended; but an Information may be amended in Writing in such Cases as General Rules direct.

13. An Information shall not contain Interrogatories, but the Informant within such Time as General Rules direct may file Interrogatories for the Examination of Defendants from whom he requires an Answer, and deliver to each such Defendant, or his Solicitor, a Copy of the Interrogatories, or of such of them as are applicable to the particular Defendant

14. A Defendant shall not be bound to put in an Answer unless Interrogatories have been filed, and unless a Copy has been delivered as aforesaid.

15. A Defendant, whether required to answer or not, may, without Leave of the Court or a Judge, put in a Plea, Answer, or Demurrer within such Time as General Rules direct, but after that Time a Defendant not required to answer shall not be at liberty to put in a Plea, Answer, or Demurrer, except by Leave of the Court or a Judge; nevertheless the Power of the Court or a Judge to grant further Time for pleading, answering, or demurring, on the Application of a Defendant, whether required to answer or not, shall remain unaffected.

18. An Answer may contain not only the Defendant's Answers to the Interrogatories, if any, but also such Statements material to the Case as he thinks fit to set forth therein.

17. Commissions to take Pleas, Answers, Disclaimers, and Examinations are, with respect to Pleas, Answers, Disclaimers, and Examinations taken within the Jurisdiction of the Court, hereby abolished; and any such Plea, Answer, Disclaimer, or Examination may be filed without any Formalities other than such as are required in relation to an Affidavit

18. Pleas, Answers, Disclaimers, Examinations, Affidavits, Declarations, Affirmations, and Protestations of Honour in Causes depending in the Court may be sworn and taken in Scotland, Ireland, the Isle of Man, or the Channel Islands, or in any Colony, Island, Plantation, or Place under the Dominion of Her Majesty in Foreign Parts, before any Court or Judge, or before any Notary Public, or before any Person authorized to administer Oaths there, or in any Foreign Parts out of Her Majesty's Dominions before any of Her Majesty's Consuls or Vice Consuls there; and every such Instrument may be used and shall be admitted in Evidence, saving just Exceptions; and judicial and official Notice shall be taken of the Seal or Signature of any such Court, Judge, Notary Public, Person, Consul, or Vice Consul affixed, appended, or subscribed to any such Document

19. Any

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104. 463

19. Any Person wilfully and corruptly swearing, declaring, affirming, or protesting False swear-falsely in any Plea, Answer, Disclaimer, Examination, Affidavit, Declaration, Affirmation, &c' Per" or Protestation of Honour so taken out of England shall be deemed guilty of Perjury in

every Case where, having so sworn, declared, affirmed, or protested before competent Authority in England, he would be deemed guilty of Perjury, and may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and (if convicted) sentenced, and his Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed, in any County or Place in England in which he is in Custody, as if the Offence had been actually there committed.

20. Pleas, Answers, Disclaimers, and Examinations, whether taken by Commission out

of the Jurisdiction of the Court or otherwise, may be filed without the Oath of a Messenger, a^hed* and any Alteration made therein before the taking thereof shall be authenticated as in the Case of an Affidavit.

2L By General Rules the Examination of Witnesses on written Interrogatories may be Alteration of discontinued, and such Amendments as from Time to Time seem fit may be made in the E^nra*5^ Mode of taking Evidence and the Practice relative thereto; and for the Purpose of such Evidence any Officer or Person from Time to Time directed by General Rules or by an Order of the Court or a Judge to take such Evidence may administer Oaths and take Declarations.

22. The Court shall be deemed to be a Court of Civil Judicature within the Meaning of 1o3.

Section One hundred and three of The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854. n & is Vict.

c. 125.

23. Where a Suit becomes abated by Death or otherwise, or becomes defective by reason Proceeding in of some Change or Transmission of Interest or Liability, an Order to the Effect of an Order case Atote-to revive, or of a Supplemental Decree, may be obtained as of course on an Allegation of 0 mt| the Abatement of the Suit, or of the same having become defective, and of the Change or Transmission of Interest or Liability; and the Parties who would in the same Case be Defendants to an Information of Revivor or Supplemental Information shall, when served

with such Order, be Parties to the Suit, and be bound to appear within such Time and in such Manner as General Rules direct, subject to the following Provisions:

(1.) It shall be open to any Party so served (within such Time after Service as General Rules direct) to apply to the Court or a Judge to discharge the Order on any Ground that would have been open to him on an Information of Revivor or Supplemental Information:

(2.) If any Party so served is under any Disability other than Coverture, the Order shall be of no Effect as against such Party until a Guardian ad litem has been appointed for such Party, and such Time has elapsed thereafter as General Rules direot.

24. Facts or Circumstances occurring after the Institution of a Suit may be introduced Statement of by way of Amendment into the original Information if the Cause is otherwise in such a R^0^ct8 on State as to allow of the Information being amended, and if not, may be stated on the Record

in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations with respect to the Proof thereof, and to the affording Defendants Leave and Opportunity to answer and meet the same, as General Rules direct.

25. Writs issuing out of the Court to be executed in the Counties Palatine shall be Writ* in Coun-directed and delivered to the Sheriffs of those Counties, and shall be executed and returned

by them to the Court in all respects as Writs are executed and returned by Sheriffs of sheriffs other Counties.

26. If in any Suit any Direction of this Part of this Act or of General Rules under it by Power to Court

Mistake of Parties fails to be followed, the Court or a Judge may (if it seems fit), on Pay- rectify

ment of such Costs as the Court or a Judge directs, make such Order, giving Effect to and Pro-

rectifying the Proceedings, as appears justified by the Merits of the Case.

27. Notwithstanding anything in this Part of this Act or in any other Act, a Writ of Saving for Dis-Distringas (in such Form as General Rules under this Part of this Act from Time to Time

direct) to restrain the Transfer of Stock transferable at the Bank of England, or the Payment of Stock &c *

3 N 2 of

Power to Court to make General Rules.

Provision as to pending Suits.

Pees, Remuneration, &c. to be appointed by Treasury with Concurrence of Barons. 28 & 29 Vict c. 45.

Appeal, &c. in Proceedings at Law on Revenue Side of Exchequer.

Effect of Appeal as to Stay of Execution.

18 & 19 Vict c. 96. s. 86, and 20 & 21 Vict c. 62. s. 14. repealed. Evidence of Defendants,

Ac.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

of the Dividends thereon, shall continue to be issuable from the Office of the Queen's Remembrancer, on behalf of Her Majesty's Attorney General, or of the Attorney General of the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall.

28. The Lord Chief Baron and Two or more Barons of the Court shall from Time to Time make such General Rules as seem fit for carrying this Part of this Act into execution, and for regulating the Sittings of the Court, and the Procedure and Practice in Suits by Information, and in other Proceedings in the Court

29. Nothing in this Part of this Act, or in any General Rules made under it, shall apply to any Suit commenced by Information filed before the Commencement of this Act; nevertheless, in any such Suit, the Court or a Judge may, if it seems fit, on hearing the Parties, from Time to Time direct that the Procedure and Practice prescribed in this Part of this Act, or in any General Rules made under it, be followed in the Court in any respect

80. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Concurrence of the Lord Chief Baron and Two or more Barons of the Court, may from Time to Time, if they think fit, appoint Fees to be charged on Proceedings in Suits in the Court, which Fees shall be collected by Stamps, and such Provisions of The Common Law Courts (Fees) Act, 1865, as relate to the Collection by Stamps of the Fees therein referred to, shall extend and apply to the Fees to be taken under this Section; and there shall be paid to any Officer of the Court or other Person employed in taking Examinations of Witnesses, or discharging other Duties connected with Proceedings in Suits in the Court, such Remuneration, if any, as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, with the Concurrence aforesaid, from Time to Time direot.

PART HI.

Proceedings at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer.

31. The Provisions of Sections Thirty-four to Thirty-seven, and Thirty-nine to Forty-five (all inclusive), and of Sections Fifty-nine and Ninety-five of The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854, shall extend and apply to the Revenue Side of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster as a Court of Law (to which Court the Term " the Court," when hereafter used in this Part of this Act, refers), in the same Manner as those Provisions apply to the Plea Side of that Court.

32. In any Suit or Proceeding at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court Notice of Appeal shall be a Stay of Execution on the following Condition, but not otherwise, namely, — that within Eight Days after the Decision complained of, or before Execution delivered to the Sheriff, Bail to pay the Sum recovered and Costs, or to pay Costs when adjudged, be given to the same Amount and be approved of in like Manner as Bail in Error is required to be given and approved of under the Rules of the Court for the Time being in force, except where the Court or a Judge otherwise orders; but such Bail shall not be necessary where the Appellant is Her Majesty, or Her Majesty's Attorney General on behalf of Her Majesty in right of the Crown or in right of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Attorney General of the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, or where the Appellants are the Commissioners of Inland Revenue.

83. Section Thirty-six of The Supplemental Customs Consolidation Act, 1855, and Section Fourteen of The Customs Amendment Act, 1857, shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be repealed.

34. Sections Two and Three of the Act of the Session of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Ninety-nine), "to amend the Law of Evidence," and The Evidence Amendment Act, 1853, shall extend and apply to Proceedings at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court; and any Proceeding at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court shall not, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed a Criminal Proceeding within the Meaning of the said Sections and Act as extended and applied by the present Section.

35. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

35. The Revenue Side of the Court, as a Court of Law, shall be deemed to be a Court of Civil Judicature within the Meaning of Section One hundred and three of The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854.

36. In a Suit at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court a Writ of Distringas against a Corporation Aggregate to compel an Appearance shall not be necessary; but in such a Suit a Writ of Subpoena or Scire facias (as the Case may require) may issue against a Corporation Aggregate to compel an Appearance; and Service of such Writ may be effected by Delivery thereof, or of a Copy thereof, to the Mayor or other Head Officer, Town Clerk, Clerk, Treasurer, or Secretary of the Corporation; and the like Proceedings to Judgment may be taken on a Writ of Subpoena or Scire facias so issued as, according to the Practice for the Time being of the Court of Exchequer, may be taken on a like Writ issued against an individual Defendant

37. In a Suit at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court against a British Subject resident out of the Jurisdiction of the Court in any Place except Scotland or Ireland, the Informant may sue out against that Person a Writ of Subpoena bearing an Indorsement stating that the Writ is for Service out of the Jurisdiction of the Court; and the Time for Appearance by the Defendant to such Writ shall be regulated by the Distance from England of the Place where he is resident; and the Court or a Judge, on being satisfied by Affidavit that the Writ was personally served on the Defendant, or that reasonable Efforts were made to effect personal Service thereof on him, and that it came to his Knowledge, and either that he wilfully neglects to appear to the Writ, or that he is living out of the Jurisdiction of the Court in order to defeat the Claim to which the Information relates, may order from Time to Time that the Informant be at liberty to proceed in the Suit in such Manner and subject to such Conditions as to the Court or a Judge seem fit, the Time allowed for the Defendant to appear being reasonable, and regard being had to the other Circumstances of the Case; but it shall be a Condition precedent to the Informant's obtaining Judgment that he give Proof of the Merits of the Claim to the Satisfaction of the Court or a Judge, or of the Officer of the Court to whom the Court think fit to refer the Matter.

38. In a Suit at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court against a Person, not a British Subject, resident out of the Jurisdiction of the Court in any Place except Scotland or Ireland, the like Proceedings may be taken as against a British Subject resident out of the Jurisdiction, save that in lieu of the Form of Writ used in that Case the Informant shall issue a Writ of Subpoena commanding the Defendant to appear within the Time therein prescribed, after Service on him of Notice of the Writ, and shall in manner aforesaid serve a Notice of the Writ on the Defendant; and such Service shall have the same Effect as Service of the Writ of Subpoena in a Suit against a British Subject resident out of the Jurisdiction of the Court; and thereupon, by Leave of the Court or a Judge, on their or his being satisfied by Affidavit, the like Proceedings may be had and taken as aforesaid.

39. The Forms of Writs of Subpoena and of Notice given in the Second Schedule to this Act applicable in the respective Cases aforesaid shall be used in those Cases, with such Variations as Circumstances require, but General Rules relating to the Process and Practice at Law of the Revenue Side of the Court may from Time to Time prescribe any such altered, additional, or substituted Forms of Writs of Subpoena and Notice for Use in the respective Cases aforesaid as seem fit, and the same shall be used accordingly.

40. If in any such Case the Informant omits to insert in or indorse on any Writ or Copy thereof any of the Matters for the Time being required to be inserted therein or indorsed thereon, such Writ or Copy shall not on that Account be void, but it may be set aside as irregular, or it may be amended on such Terms as to the Court or a Judge seem fit, either on an Application to the Court or a Judge for such Amendment, or on an Application to set aside the Writ.

41. If in any such Case one Form of Writ of Subpoena is by Mistake or Inadvertence substituted for another, such Mistake or Inadvertence shall not be an Objection to the Writ or any other Proceeding in the Suit, but on an ex parte Application to a Judge, either

before

465

Application of Sect 103. of 17 & 18 Vict c. 125.

Abolition of Writ of Distringas.

Saits against British Subjects resident oat of Jurisdiction of Exchequer.

Saits against Foreigners resident out of Jurisdiction of Exchequer.

Forms of Writs in Schedule.

Omission to insert or indorse Matters in or on Writ not to nullify it

Amendment in case of Substitution by Mistake, &c. of

466

One Writ for another.

Write for Service in and out of Jurisdiction.

Affidavit may be sworn before a Consul, &c.

False swearing,

Perjury,

Provision as to pending Suits.

Provision for Change of Venue and for View.

Extents and Writs of Diem clausit extremum.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

before or after an Application to set aside such Writ or any Proceeding thereon, and whether the Writ or Notice thereof has been served or not, the Writ may be amended by a Judge without Costs.

42. A Writ of Subpoena for Service out of the Jurisdiction may be issued and marked as a concurrent Writ with One for Service within the Jurisdiction, and a Writ of Subpoena for Service within the Jurisdiction may be issued and marked as a concurrent Writ with One for Service out of the Jurisdiction.

43. An Affidavit for the Purpose of enabling the Court or a Judge to make an Order for Liberty to proceed against a Defendant resident out of the Jurisdiction of the Court may be sworn at any Foreign Port or Place before any of Her Majesty's Consuls or Vice Consuls there; and every Affidavit so sworn may be used and shall be admitted in Evidence, saving just Exceptions; and judicial and official Notice shall be taken of the Seal or Signature of the Consul or Vice Consul affixed or subscribed to any such Affidavit.

44. If any Person wilfully and corruptly makes a false Affidavit before such Consul or Vice Consul he shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, as if the false Affidavit had been made in England before competent Authority, and may be dealt with, indicted, tried, and (if convicted) sentenced, and his Offence may be laid and charged to have been committed, in any County or Place in England in which he is in Custody, as if the Offence had been actually there committed.

45. No Repeal or other Provision in this Part of this Act shall affect or apply to any Suit or Proceeding instituted or taken before the Commencement of this Act.

PART IV.

Certain other Classes of Proceedings where the Crown is interested.

46. Where a Cause in which Her Majesty's Attorney General on behalf of the Crown is entitled to demand as of Right a Trial at Bar is at any Time depending in any of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, whether instituted before or instituted after the Commencement of this Act, and the Attorney General states to the Court that he waives his Right to a Trial at Bar, the following Provisions shall have effect:

(1.) The Court, on the Application of the Attorney General, shall change the Yenue to any County in which the Attorney General elects to have the Cause tried:

(2.) The Court may (if requisite) order that the Sheriff of the County into which the Yenue is removed do cause a View to be had by Jurors of that County (notwithstanding that the View must be taken and had by such Sheriff and Jurors out of their own County):

(3.) For the Purposes aforesaid the Court may make such Orders as seem necessary or proper; and all such Orders shall be binding on all Sheriffs and other Officers, and on all Jurors and other Persons concerned, and shall be sufficient Warrant for the doing of everything thereby authorized or directed to be done:

(4.) The Powers of the Judges of the Superior Courts of Law and of the Judges of the Court of Exchequer as a Court of Revenue at Law respectively to make General Rules for the Regulation of Procedure and Practice, and of Costs, Charges, and Expenses, shall extend to the making of such General Rules as from Time to Time seem fit for the better Execution of this Section:

(5.) Subject to any such Rules, the Provisions of The Common Law Procedure Act, 1852, and of any Rules made under it, and all other Law and Practice for the Time -being in force relative to Change of Venue and to Views, shall extend to the Cases of Change of Venue and View to which this Section relates.

47. A Commission to find a Debt due to the Crown shall not be necessary for authorizing the Issue of an immediate Extent or of a Writ of Diem clausit extremum; and an immediate Extent may be issued on an Affidavit of Debt and Danger, and a Writ of Diem clausit extremum may be issued on an Affidavit of Debt and Death (similar, mutatis mutandis, to the Affidavit of Debt and Danger, or of Debt and Death, on which, after Inquisition

returned

467

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

returned, an immediate Extent or a Writ of Diem olausit extremum has been used to be issued), and on the Fiat of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or of a Baron of Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, or of a Judge of Her Majesty's Court of Queen's Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster.

48. Any Judgment, Decree, or Order obtained after the Commencement of this Act by or on behalf of the Crown, or any Recognizance entered into after the Commencement of this Act on the proper Account of the Crown, or any Inquisition finding after the Commencement of this Act a Debt due to the Crown, or any Obligation or Specialty made after the Commencement of this Act to the Crown, or any Acceptance of Office accepted after the Commencement of this Act from or under the Crown, shall not affect any Land f of whatever Tenure) as to a bona fide Purchaser for valuable Consideration or a Mortgagee (whether such Purchaser or Mortgagee have or have not Notice of the Judgment, Decree, Order, Recognizance, Inquisition, Obligation, Specialty, or Acceptance of Office), unless a Writ of Extent or of Diem clausit extremum, or other Writ or Process of Execution, in pursuance of or in relation to such Judgment, Decree, Order, Recognizance, Inquisition, Obligation, Specialty, or Acceptance of Office, has been issued and registered before the Execution of the Conveyance or Mortgage to such Purchaser or Mortgagee, and the Payment by him of the Purchase or Mortgage Money.

Future Crown Debts, &c. not to affect Land till Writ of Execution issued and registered.

49. The Registration of such Writ or Process shall be effected as follows; namely, — a Mode of Regis-Minute of the Name of the Person against whom the Writ or Process is issued, and of the tration, and Date of the issuing thereof, and of the Amount for which it is issued, shall be left with the Senior Master of the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, who shall forthwith of Registration. enter the same Particulars in a Book by the Name in alphabetical Order of the Person against whom the Writ or Process is issued; and no other Registration of such Writ or Process, or of the Judgment, Decree, Order, Recognizance, Inquisition, Obligation,

Specialty, or Acceptance of Office, in pursuance of or in relation to which it is issued, shall be necessary for any Purpose. There shall be paid for every such Entry a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and all Persons shall be at liberty to search the said Book, with the other Books in the Office, on Payment of a Fee of One Shilling.

50. The Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third (Chapter Provision* of Thirty-five)," for the more easy and effectual Sale of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments 25 8* c- *5-

" of Crown Debtors or of their Sureties," shall extend to authorize the Sale, subject and apply in all

according to the Provisions of that Act, of any Land taken in Execution by virtue of Cases, any Writ or Process of Execution issued after the Commencement of this Act, by any Court of Law or Equity, for enforcing the Payment of any Sum of Money to or in favour of the Crown.

6L Nothing in this Part of this Act shall take away or abridge any Prerogative or Right Saving the of the Crown, in respect of Priority or otherwise, over or against the Creditors of any of

Debtor or Accountant to the Crown, and, save as in this Part of this Act expressly pro- e wn< vided, every Prerogative or Right of the Crown as against the Land of any Debtor or

Accountant to the Crown, or over or against the Creditors of any such Debtor or

Accountant, shall remain in all respects as if this Part of this Act had not been enacted.

52. With respect to Inquests of Office or Inquisitions after the Commencement of this inquiry <m Act finding the Title of Her Majesty in right of the Crown or in right of the Duchy of Cornwall, or the Title of the Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, to any Real Property, finding10n the following Provisions shall have effect: Crown's Title.

(1.) If in any such Case a Copy of the Inquisition is served on any Person, and such Person thinks himself aggrieved by any Description of Boundary or other finding therein, he may within Six Months after such Service, or within such enlarged Time as Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster or a Judge may think fit to allow, file in the Office of the Court of Exchequer in which the Inquisition is filed a Statement in Writing of his Objection to the Inquisition:

(2.) On any such Objection being filed, the Court of Exchequer or a Baron thereof, on the Application of the proper Officer on behalf of Her Majesty m right of the '. Crown

468 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Crown or in right of the Duchy of Cornwall, or on behalf of the Prince of Wafa and Duke of Cornwall (as the Case may require), may appoint a fit Person to inquire into the Matter of the Objection; and the Person so appointed shall hold an Inquiry on or near the Land in question, or at some other convenient Place (Notice of the Time and Place for the holding of the Inquiry being given to the Person objecting); and for the Purposes of such Inquiry the Person so appointed shall have Power to summon Witnesses and administer Oaths:

(3.) The Person so appointed shall make a Return in Writing to the Court of Exchequer of the Result of the Inquiry, which Return shall be filed in the Office in which the Inquisition is filed; and if in any respect the Return and the Inquisition differ in Effect, the Inquisition shall be deemed to be altered so as to conform with the Return:

(4.) Where a Copy of an Inquisition is served as aforesaid, an Affidavit of Service shall be filed in the Office in which the Inquisition is filed, and* an Office Copy of such Affidavit shall be Evidence of the Service:

(5.) Nothing in this Section shall take away or abridge the Right of any Person to traverse an Inquisition.

Enactments in Third Schedule repealed.

Construction of Party.

Summary Proceedings for Account and Payment of Succession or Legacy Duty.

Summary Proceedings for Payment of Succession or Legacy Duty assessed.

PART V.

Recovery of Succession, Legacy, and Probate Duty in certain Cases.

53. The Enactments described in the Third Schedule to this Act, as far as they relate to England, shall from and after the Commencement of this Act be repealed, but not so as to affect any Proceeding pending at the Commencement of this Act, or any Appeal or other Step capable of being brought or taken therein or in relation thereto, or any Right, Title, Obligation, Liability, Forfeiture, or Penalty acquired, accrued, or incurred before the Commencement of this Act; and every such Proceeding, Appeal, Step, Right, Title, Obligation, Liability, Forfeiture, and Penalty may be continued, brought, taken, maintained, and enforced as if this Act had not been passed.

54. In this Part of this Act —

The Term " the Succession Duty Act" means The Succession Duty Act, 1853:

The Term " the Legacy Duty Acts" means the Aots for charging Duties on Legacies and Shares of the Personal Estates of deceased Persons, so far as those Acts relate to England:

The Term " the Court of Exchequer99 means Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

This Part of this Act as far as it relates to Duty under the Succession Duty Act and Legacy Duty Acts shall be read with the Succession Duty Act as One Act.

55. If any Person accountable for or chargeable with Duty under the Succession Duty Act or the Legacy Duty Acts, required by the Commissioners of Inland Revenue to deliver an Account under those Acts or any of them, makes default in doing so, the Commissioners may sue out of the Court of Exchequer a Writ of Summons commanding him to deliver an Account and to pay the Duty and the Costs of the Proceedings, or to show Cause to the contrary; and on Cause being shown such Order shall be made as seems just.

56. Where, in pursuance of the Succession Duty Act or the Legacy Duty Acts, the Commissioners of Inland Revenue make an Assessment of Duty, and the Duty is not paid, and there is no Notice of Appeal against the Assessment under Section Fifty of the Succession Duty Act, or of disputing the Liability to Assessment, the Commissioners may sue out of the Court of Exchequer a Writ of Summons commanding the Person liable for the Duty or the Owner of any Property expressly charged therewith, to pay the Dnty payable by him and the Costs of the Proceedings, or to show Cause to the contrary, and on Cause being shown such Order shall be made as seems just

57. If

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104. 469

57. If any Person takes possession of and in any Manner administers any Part of the Summary Pro-Personal Estate of any Person deceased, without obtaining Probate of his Will or Letters

of Administration of his Estate within Six Months after his Decease, or within Two Months Probate Duty, after the Termination of any Suit or Dispute respecting the Will or the Right to Letters of Administration, if there is any such Suit or Dispute that is not ended within Four Months after the Death, the Commissioners of Inlana Revenue may sue out of the Court of Exchequer a Writ of Summons commanding the Person so taking possession and administering as aforesaid, to deliver to the Commissioners an Account of the Estate of the deceased and of its Value, and to pay such Duty as would have been payable if Probate or Administration had been obtained and the Costs of the Proceedings, or to show Cause to the contrary; and on Cause being shown such Order shall be made as seems just; and any such Proceedings shall be a Waiver of all Penalties incurred in the Premises by such Person as aforesaid.

58. In Proceedings by Writ of Summons as aforesaid, the Court may, if they think fit, Court may refer the Matter to the proper Officer to report thereon, and may, if they think fit, order the Facts contained in his Report to be stated in the Form of a Special Case for the Report and Opinion of the Court, and give Directions as to the Mode of settling the Case, and the Special Case. Matters to be contained therein, and for the Production of any Documents, and may if they think fit, direct any Issue or Issues of Fact to be tried by a Jury; and the Court may proceed to give Judgment on the Special Case, and for any Amount of Duty which the Court are of opinion is due to the Crown, and for Costs; and on such Judgment, Error may be brought and Judgment given as on a Special Case stated by Consent.

59. In Proceedings by Writ of Summons as aforesaid, and also in Cases of Appeal to Appeal in the Court of Exchequer from the Assessment of the Commissioners of Inland Revenue Summary Pro-under Section Fifty of the Succession Duty Act, an Appeal shall lie from the Decision of on^p^ffrom the Court or a Judge on a Case stated by the Parties, or, if they differ, settled by the., Assessment. Court of Exchequer or a Judge, or any Officer of the Court of Exchequer, to whom the same is referred by the Court or a Judge; and the Court of Appeal shall give such Judgment as ought to have been given by the Court of Exchequer or Judge, and may award Costs.

60. The Appeal in all such Cases as aforesaid shall be made to the Court of Error in Courts of the Exchequer Chamber, and the Decision of that Court shall be subject to Appeal to the AppeaL House of Lords.

61. No such Appeal shall be allowed unless Notice thereof is given in Writing to the Notice of

opposite Party or Attorney, and to the proper Officer of the Court of Exchequer, within 5 and

Four Days after the Decision complained of, or such further Time as may be allowed by 81 '

the Court or a Judge; and Bail shall be given and approved of as provided with respect to Suits at Law on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer.

62. The Lord Chief Baron and Two or more Barons of the Court of Exchequer shall Power to Court from Time to Time make such General Rules as seem fit for carrying this Part of this Act

into execution, and for regulating the Procedure and Practice in Proceedings by Writ of Summons as aforesaid.

63. The Forms of Writs of Summons given in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, Forms of Writs applicable in the respective Cases aforesaid, shall be used in those Cases, with such 111 Schedu, e» Variations as Circumstances require; but General Rules under this Part of this Act may

from Time to Time prescribe such altered, additional, or substituted Forms of Writs of Summons for Use in the respective Cases aforesaid or any of them as seem fit, and the same shall be used accordingly.

64. Subject to the Provisions of this Part of this Act, and to General Rules made there- Application of under. Proceedings by Writs of Summons as aforesaid shall be deemed Proceedings at Law

on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer within the Meaning of Sections Ten, Revenue Side Eleven, and Sixteen to Twenty-two (both inclusive) of the Act of the Session of the of Court.

28 & 29 Vict. 3 O Twenty-

470

as & as Vict c. ai.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Twenty-second and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of Her Majesty (Chapter Twenty-one) " to regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer, and to amend the Practice and " Procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer."

SCHEDULES-

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

Form of Indorsement on English Information under Part II.

To the within-named CD.

Victoria R.

We command you [and every of you, where there are more Defendants than One,] that within Days after Service hereof on you, exclusive of the Day of such Service,

you cause an Appearance to be entered for you in Our Court of Exchequer at Westminster to the within-contained Information, and that you observe what Our said Court

directs.

Witness at Westminster this Day of 18 .

Note. — If you fail to comply with the foregoing Directions an Appearance may be entered for you, and you will be liable to be arrested and imprisoned

[or, in case of a Corporation, to be distrained by all your Lands and

Chattels], and to have a Decree made against you in your Absence.

Appearances are to be entered at the Queen's Remembrancer's Office, Chancery Lane, London.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

Forms of Writs of Subpoena and Notice under Part III.

(A.)

Writ where Defendant, being a British Subject, is resident out of Jurisdiction of Court of

Exchequer.

Victoria, &c.

To C.D. of in the County of

We command and strictly enjoin you. That within [here insert a sufficient Number of Days within which the Defendant might appear with reference to the Distance he may be at from England] Days after the Service of this Writ on you, inclusive of the Day of such Service, you do cause an Appearance to be entered for you in Our Court of Exchequer at Westminster, to answer Us concerning certain Articles then and there on Our Behalf to be objected against you; and take notice, that in default of your so doing We shall proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution.

Witness, &c.

[Memorandum to be subscribed on Writ]

This Writ is to be served within [Six] Calendar Months from the Date thereof, or, if renewed, from the Date of such Renewal, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards.

[Indorsement to be made on Writ before Service thereof]

At the Suit of Her Majesty's Attorney General [or as the Case may be].

By Information.

This Writ is for Service out of the Jurisdiction of the Court of Exchequer, and ia issued by E.F., the Solicitor of [as the Case may be],

[if for Penalties],

for the Forfeiture by you of Pounds for Penalties under the Statutes

relating to the Revenue of Customs [or Excise, Stamps, Taxes, frc., as the Case may be];

[or,

471

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

[or, iffor Duties or a Debt],

for the Recovery of Pounds for Duties due from you under the Statutes

relating [$*<?., as before, ^or state shortly the Nature of the Debt].

Take notice, that in default of your entering an Appearance in the Court of Exchequer, according to the Exigency of this Writ, an Information may be filed and Judgment signed thereon, and Execution issued on such Judgment, together with Costs, at the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the Day of signing such Judgmeni

(BO

Writ where Defendant, not being a British Subject, is resident out of Jurisdiction of Court of

Exchequer.

Victoria, &c.

To C.D. late of in the County of

We command and strictly enjoin you. That within [here insert a sufficient Number of Days within which the Defendant might appear with reference to the Distance he may be at from England] Days after Notice of this Writ is served on you, inclusive of the Day of such Service, you do cause an Appearance to be entered for you in Our Court of Exchequer at Westminster, to answer Us concerning certain Articles then and there on Our Behalf to be objected against you; and take notice, that in default of your so doing We shall proceed therein to Judgment and Execution.

Witness, §<?.

[Memorandum to be subscribed on Writ]

Notice of this Writ is to be served within [Six] Calendar Months from the Date thereof, including the Day of such Date, and not afterwards.

[Indorsements as on Writ (^4).]

(C.)

Notice of last foregoing Writ To C*D, [late of Brighton in the County of Sussex], residing at [Paris in France],

Take notice, that in the Name of the Attorney General of Her Majesty Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland [or, as the Case may be], E.F., the Solicitor of [as the Case may be], has commenced Proceedings at Law against you C.D, in Her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster by Writ of that Court dated the Day of A.D. 18

[if for Penalties],

for the Forfeiture by you of Pounds for Penalties under the Statutes relating to the Revenue of Customs [or, Excise, Stamps, Taxes, $<?., as the Case may be];

[or, if for Duties or a Debt],

for the Recovery of Pounds for Duties due from you under the Statutes

relating [$<?., as before, — or state shortly the Nature of the Debt],

Take notice, that you are required within Days after the Receipt of this

Notice, inclusive of the Day of such Receipt, to defend yourself against the said Proceedings by entering an Appearance in the said Court of Exchequer, and that in default of your bo doing an Information may be filed, and the said E.F. may, by Leave of that Court or of a Judge of One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster, proceed thereon to Judgment and Execution.

(Signed) E.F.,

Solicitor of

3 0 2

The

472

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

THE THIRD SCHEDULE.

Enactments repealed as to England by Part Y.

[Short Title.]

Session and Chapter. Title or Extent of Repeal.

42 Geo. 3. c. 99. An Act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds until the 31st Day of December 1802; for amending an Act passed in the Thirty-| sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and j Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of 1 Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances. Section Two. i t i

16 & 17 Vict. c. 51. The Succession Duty Act, 1853. Sections Forty-seven and Forty-eight.

22 & 23 Vict. c. 21. An Act to regulate the Office of Queen's Remembrancer, and to amend the Practice and Procedure on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer. Sections Twelve, Thirteen, Fourteen, and Fifteen.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 92. An Act to amend the Law for the Collection of the Stamp Duties on Probates, Administrations, Inventories, Legacies, and Successions. i Section One.

THE FOURTH SCHEDULE.

Forms of Writs of Summons under Part Y.

(A.)

For Account and Payment by Executor.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Greeting:

Whereas We have been given to understand, in Our Court before Our Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that you, being accountable Part within the true

Intent and Meaning of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, and the Legacy Duty Acts, have been required by Our Commissioners of Inland Revenue to render an Account, pursuant to the said Acts, and have made default therein.

Now We command you that (all Excuses

ceasing) within Fourteen Days from the Service of this Writ, or a Copy thereof, you do deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue an Account, upon Oath, of all the Legacies and of all the Property of the said deceased, paid or to be paid or administered by you, as such Execut as aforesaid, and that you do within the same Time pay the Duty chargeable upon the said Legacies and Property of the said

deceased, and the Costs of these Proceedings; or that you the said do within the same Time appear before the

Barons of Our said Exchequer at Westminster, and show Cause why you make default in the Premises, and this you are in nowise to omit upon

pain of Process of Contempt issuing against your Person for your Neglect therein.

Witness at Westminster, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

(B.)

473

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

(B.)

For Account and Payment by Administi'ator.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Greeting:

Whereas We have been given to understand, in Our Court before Our Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that you, being accountable Part within the true

Intent and Meaning of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, and the Legacy Duty Acts, have been required by Our Commissioners of Inland Revenue to render an Account, pursuant to the said Acts, and have made default therein.

Now We command you that (all Excuses ceasing)

within Fourteen Days from the Service of this Writ, or a Copy thereof, you do deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue an Account, upon Oath, of all the Personal Estate and Effects of the said deceased, paid or to be

paid or administered by you as such Administrat as aforesaid, and that you do within the same Time pay the Duty chargeable upon the said Personal Estate and Effects of the said deceased, and the Costs of these Proceedings;

or that you the said do within the same Time appear

before the Barons of Our said Exchequer at Westminster, and show Cause why you make default in the Premises, and this you are in nowise to

omit upon pain of Process of Contempt issuing against your Person for your Neglect therein.

Witness at Westminster, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

(0.)

For Account and Payment by Trustee, Legatee, &c.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Greeting:

Whereas We have been given to understand, in Our Court before Our Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that you, being accountable Part within the true

Intent and Meaning of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, and the Legacy Duty Acts, have been required by Our Commissioners of Inland Revenue to render an Account, pursuant to the said Acts, and have made default therein.

Now We command you that (all Excuses ceasing)

within Fourteen Days from the Service of this Writ, or a Copy thereof, you do deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue an Account, upon Oath, of

and that you do, within the same Time, pay the Duty chargeable and the Costs

of these Proceedings; or that you the said do within the same Time appear before the Barons of Our said Exchequer at Westminster, and show Cause why you make default in the Premises, and this you

are in nowise to omit upon pain of Process of Contempt issuing against your Person for your Neglect therein.

Witness at Westminster, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

(D.)

For Account and Payment by Successor, Trustee, tfc,

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Greeting:

Whereas We have been given to understand, in Our Court before Our Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that you, being accountable Part within the true

Intent

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104.

Intent and Meaning of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, have been required by Our Commissioners of Inland Revenue to render an Account, pursuant to the said Act, and have made default therein.

Now We command you that (all Excuses ceasing)

within Fourteen Days from the Service of this Writ, or a Copy thereof, you do deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue an Account, upon Oath, of all the Property to which, or to the Income whereof, became beneficially entitled as Successor

on the Death of deceased, by

reason of the Disposition thereof made by and that you do, within the same Time, pay the Duty chargeable on the said Succession and the Costs of these Proceedings; or that you the said do within the same Time appear before the Barons of Our said Exchequer at Westminster, and show Cause why you make default in the Premises, and this you

are in nowise to omit upon pain of Process of Contempt issuing against your Person for your Neglect therein.

Witness at Westminster, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

(E.)

For Accounts and Payment by Executor, being also Successor.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Greeting:

Whereas We have been given to understand, in Our Court before Our Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that you, being accountable Part within the true

Intent and Meaning of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, and the Legacy Duty Acts, have been required -by Our Commissioners of Inland Revenue to render an Account pursuant to the said Acts, and have made default therein.

Now We command you that (all Excuses ceasing) within Fourteen

Days from the Service of this Writ, or a Copy thereof, you do deliver to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue an Account, upon Oath, of all the Legacies and of all the Property of the said deceased paid or to be paid or administered by you

as such Executor as aforesaid, and also an Account of all the Property to which, or to the Income whereof, you have become beneficially entitled as such Successor

as aforesaid upon the Death of the said deceased

and that you do within the same Time pay the Duty chargeable under the Legacy Duty Acts upon the said Legacies and Property of the said deceased, and also the Duty chargeable under the said Succession Duty Act upon the said Property as Succession as aforesaid, and the Costs of these Proceedings; or that you

the said do within the same Time appear before the Barons of Our said

Exchequer at Westminster, and show Cause why you make default in the Premises, and this you are in nowise to omit upon pain of Process of Contempt issuing

against your Person for your Neglect therein.

Witness at Westminster, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

(F.)

For Payment of Succession Duty when assessed.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Greeting:

Whereas We have been given to understand, in Our Court before Our Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that you, being accountable Part within the true

Intent and Meaning of the Succession Duty Act, 1853, have, as required by the said Act, delivered to Our Commissioners of Inland Revenue an Account of the Property for the

475

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 104, 105.

the Doty whereon yon are accountable, and that the said Commissioners have, in pursuance of the said Act, assessed the Duty on such Account, but that you have made default in Payment of the same, or some Part thereof.

Now We, having been likewise given to understand in manner aforesaid that there has been no Appeal from the said Assessment, and no Notice of disputing the Liability to the same, command you that (all Excuses ceasing) within Fourteen Days

from the Service of this Writ, or a Copy thereof, you do pay to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue, or their proper Officer, the said Duty so assessed, or such Part thereof as shall at the Time of such Service be by Law due and payable, and the Costs of these Proceedings; or that you the said do within the same Time appear before

the Barons of Our said Exchequer at Westminster, and show Cause why you make default in the Premises, and this you are in nowise to omit upon pain of Process

of Contempt issuing against your Person for your Neglect therein.

Witness at Westminster, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

(G.)

For Account and Payment of Probate Duty.

Victoria, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Queen, Defender of the Faith, To Greeting:

Whereas We have been given to understand, in Our Court before Our Barons of the Exchequer at Westminster, that you, having taken possession of and administered some Part or Parts of the Personal Estate and Effects of deceased, have not

obtained Probate of the Will {or Letters of Administration of the Estate and Effects) of the said deceased within the Time required by Law.

Now We command you that (all Excuses ceasing) within Fourteen

Days from the Service of this Writ, or a Copy thereof, you do deliver to Our Commissioners of Inland Revenue an Account, upon Oath, of the Estate and Effects of the said deceased, and of the true Value thereof, and that you do within the same Time pay to the said Commissioners of Inland Revenue such Duty as would have been duly payable on such Probate {or Letters of Administration) as aforesaid if the same had been duly obtained by you, and the Costs of these Proceedings; or that you the said

do within the same Time appear before the Barons of Our said Exchequer at Westminster, and show Cause why you make default in the Premises, and this you are in nowise to omit upon pain of Process of Contempt issuing

against your Person for your Neglect therein.

Witness at Westminster, the Day of in the

Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue the Poor Law Board for a limited Period.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS by the Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty, Chapter " One hundred and nine, Provisions were made for the Constitution and Appointment of Commissioners for administering the Laws for the Relief of the Poor in England, and for the Appointment of other Officers, which Provisions have been continued until the

Twenty-third Day of July last and the End of this Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that such Provisions should be further continued for a limited Period Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

and

476

Continuance of the Poor Law Board for One Year.

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Treasury may issue not exceeding 300,000l. to Account of Admiralty.

Account of Admiralty to be opened at Bank of England; and Sums to be can ied to said Account. Loans for Docks to be

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 105, 106.

and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. That the Commissioners appointed by Her Majesty the Queen, or to be appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, under the Authority of the said Act, together with every Person by the said Act constituted by virtue of his Office such Commissioner, and every Officer and Person appointed or to be appointed by the Commissioners under the Provisions of the said Act, shall be empowered, unless he shall previously resign or be removed, to hold his Office and exercise the Powers thereof until the Twenty-third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and until the Expiration of the said last-mentioned Period it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, from Time to Time, at Pleasure, to remove the Commissioners for the Time being appointed by Her Majesty, or to be appointed by Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of such Commissioner to appoint, as in the said Act is mentioned, some other fit Person to the said Office,

CAP. CVI.

An Act to authorize Loans in aid of the Construction of Docks in British Possessions.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS with a view to secure Accommodation for Vessels of the Royal Navy c in British Possessions abroad it is expedient to authorize Loans in aid of the f Formation there of Docks of Dimensions greater than would be requisite for commercial ' or other private Purposes only

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Colonial Docks Loans Act, 1865.

2. In this Act —

The Term " the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " Dock " includes Basin or other Work for the Reception of Vessels:

The Terra " Colony " includes any Plantation, Island, or other Possession within Her Majesty's Dominions, exclusive of the United Kingdom and its immediate Dependencies, and exclusive of India as defined by the Act of Parliament of 1858 " for the better " Government of India

The Term " Person" includes any Authority, and any Body, corporate or unincorporate.

3. For the Purposes of Loans under this Act, the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more of them, cause to be issued out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom or the growing Produce thereof, to the Account of the Admiralty, any Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds.

4. The Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall open in their Books an Account with the Admiralty under the Title of "The Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being on account of Colonial Docks."

5. All Money from Time to Time issued under this Act out of the Consolidated Fund shall be carried to the Credit of the said Account.

6. Out of the Money for the Time being standing to the Credit of the said Account, the Admiralty may from Time to Time, if and as it seems fit, with the previous Approval

in

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 106. 477

in each Instance of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, lend such Suras of oat of Money Money as may be required to any Person forming or enlarging any Dock in any Colony, isaued* and being willing to make the same of Dimensions sufficient to meet the Requirements of Her Majesty's Naval Service, on such Terms and Conditions as may be agreed on between the Admiralty and the Borrower, subject nevertheless and according to the following Provisions:

(1.) The Money lent shall not exceed the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, nor shall it exceed the estimated Cost of increasing the Dimensions of the Dock beyond those required for commercial or other private Purposes:

(2.) The Amount agreed to be lent shall be made payable by Instalments as the Works connected with the Formation or Enlargement of the Dock progress:

(3.) The Money lent shall bear Interest at not less than Four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

(4.) All and every Part of the Money lent shall be made repayable by Instalments within a Period not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the respective Dates of the Payments on account of the Loan:

(5.) The Borrower shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the Admiralty and of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, by Mortgage of the Dock where practicable, or otherwise, for Payment of Interest and Repayment of Principal.

7. By virtue of this Act, any Loan may be made, and any Security may be given, by Loan not way of Mortgage or otherwise, on any Dues, Rates, Tolls, Revenues, or Property of the p^faB to Borrower, notwithstanding the Absence of any Power in the Borrower so to borrow or Borrower, give Security, except by virtue of this Act, and notwithstanding any Limitation of the

Amount authorized to be raised under any Borrowing Power.

8. Every Mortgage or other Security in respect of a Loan under this Act shall have Priority of Priority to all other Securities and Charges whatever on or affecting the Dues, Rates, Mortgages Tolls, Revenues, or Property comprised in such Mortgage or other Security, except to ^teT this a Security or Charge of prior Date and Execution, securing Money actually lent before

the Date of the Agreement for the Loan under this Act.

9. In any Agreement, Deed, or Instrument made or executed under this Act, the Style of

Admiralty may be styled " The Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, or the in

u Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral," without any Name te c* being expressed.

10. Any such Agreement, Deed, or Instrument signed or executed by Two of the Signatures,

Commissioners of the Admiralty shall be as valid and effectual as if signed or executed by commis-W° the Commissioners for the Time being. sionera.

11. All the Estate, Interest, Rights, and Powers of the Admiralty under any Mortgage Mortgaged or other Security in respect of a Loan under this Act shall by virtue of this Act go to Property to and vest in the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being ^ralty^c. in succession.

12. All Interest from Time to Time payable, and all Principal Money from Time Payment of to Time repayable, in respect o'f any Loan under this Act, shall be paid, under the Direction of the Admiralty, to the Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of principal, of England, and when so paid shall be carried to the Credit of the Account kept by them

with Her Majesty's Exchequer.

13. Any Money for the Time being standing to the Credit of the Account opened with Transfer the Admiralty may from Time to Time, under the Direction of the Commissioners of ^ack Her Majesty's Treasury, be transferred by the Governor and Company of the Bank y^ldat of England to the Account kept by them with Her Majesty's Exchequer, and when so transferred shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

28 & 29 Vict. 3 P 14. Every

C.

Agreements for Loans to he laid before Parliament

Agreements before passing of this Act confirmed.

Continuance of Acts, except 7 G. 4. c. lxxxv.

7 G. 4. c. cxxv.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. vii.

9 G. 4. c. cviii.

1 W. 4. c. via. 3 W. 4. c. liii. 3 \V. 4. c. lxi.

3 & 4 W. 4.

c. c.

2 Vict c. xiv.

5 Vict c. xlv.

6 & 7 Vict c. cviii.

13 & 14 Vict. c. lxxxv.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 106, 107.

14. Every Agreement for a Loan under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Parliament.

15. Any Agreement made before the passing of this Act by the Admiralty, and approved by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, for a Loan for such a Purpose as aforesaid, is hereby confirmed; and any Money may be lent, and all Interest agreed for shall be

Eaid, and all Instalments of Principal Money agreed for shall be repaid, as nearly as may e in all respects as if the Agreement were made under this Act.

CAP. CVII.

An Act to continue certain Turnpike Acts in Great Britain.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to continue for limited Times the Acts herein-after specified Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Acts mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and no longer, unless Parliament in the meantime continues the same; but every other Act now in force for regulating, making, amending, or repairing any Turnpike Road in Great Britain which will expire at or before the End of the next Session of Parliament shall continue in force until the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five," for repairing the Roads from Spalding High " Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the Tenth Milestone in the Parish " of Gosbertown to the Eighth Milestone in the Parish of Wigtoft in the County of " Lincoln an Act of the same Year, Chapter One hundred and twenty-five," for more " effectually repairing and improving certain Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey," commonly called The New Cross Turnpike Roads 'an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of King George the Fourth, Chapter Seven, "for more effectually repairing and w improving the Roads from the North-west Parts of the County of Lincoln, through " Nettleham Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the North-east Part of the " said County, and other Roads therein described in the said County and in the City " of Lincolnan Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and eight," for repairing, improving, and maintaining in repair the Turnpike " Roads from Wat's Cross to Cow den, and from Sevenoaks Common to Crochhurst Batch " Comer, and from Penshurst Town to Southborough, in the County of Kent;" an Act of the First Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Eight, "for repairing the Road " leading from Hartford to Sevenoaks in the County of Kentan Act of the Third Year of King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-three," for repairing and maintaining the Road " from Stone Street Hatch at Ockley in the County of Surrey to Warnham in the County of Sussex an Act of the same Year, Chapter Sixty-one, "for repairing and improving " the Road between the Towns of Boss and Abergavenny, by .Broad Oak and Skenfrith, and " certain Roads connected therewith leading to Grosmont and other Places, and for making " and maintaining certain Branches of Road to communicate therewith, all in the Counties " of Hereford and MonmouthAn Act of the Third and Fourth Years of King William the Fourth, Chapter One hundred," for continuing certain Powers to the Trustees of the " Road from Kentish Town to Upper Holloway in the County of Middlesex an Act of the Second Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Fourteen, "to extend, alter, and amend " the Powers and Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His M late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the New Cross Turnpike Roads in the

" Counties

479

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 107.

" Counties of Kent and Surreyan Act of the Fifth Year of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-five," to alter some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Seventh Year " of the Reign of King George the Fourth, relating to the New Cross Turnpike Roads in the Counties of Kent and Surrey an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and eight," for more effectually repairing certain " Road9 in the Parishes of Bermondsey, Rotherhithe, and Saint Paul and Saint Nicholas " Deptford, and for making several new Roads connected therewith, all in the Counties of " Surrey and Kent;" and an Act of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of Her present Majesty, Chapter Eighty-five," for repairing the Road leading from a certain Point in the " Kennington Road in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey to u Highgate in the County of Sussexy and thence to Witchcross in the same County, and " several other Roads therein mentioned."

2. The Sections relating to Encroachments on Turnpike Roads contained in the Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter One hundred and twenty-six, and numbered respectively One hundred and eighteen and One hundred and twenty-four, shall continue in force in relation to any Road which, having been a Turnpike Road, may, at any Time after the passing of this Act, become an ordinary Highway, in the same Manner as if such Road had continued to be a Turnpike Road; and in the Construction of the said Section the Highway Board shall be deemed to be the Trustees or Commissioners where the Road is within the Jurisdiction of a Highway Board, and in other Cases the Surveyor or other local Authority having the Care of the Road shall be deemed to be such Trustees or Commissioners.

3. It shall be the Duty of the Trustees or Commissioners of a Turnpike Road that is about to become or has become an ordinary Highway to hold such Meetings as may be necessary for the complete winding-up of the Affairs of their Trust or Commission, and any such Meeting shall be legal if held at any Time within Two Months after the Time limited for the Expiration of their Trust or Commission.

4. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Annual Turnpike Acts Continuance Act, 1865."

SCHEDULE.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Horseshoe Corner in Godman-chester in the County of Huntingdon to the South-east End of Castle Street in the Town of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of the Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford in the County of Berks, to Leckford, otherwise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from Shenfield to Harwich and Rochford and other Places in the County of Essex, and for extending the said Act to the Road from Great Hallingbury to Hockerill in the County of Hertford.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury in the County of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the End of the Mile way in the City of Oxford.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, amending, and improving the Roads from Wigan to Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford to Cartgate in Martock, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex unto Passingford Bridge, and through and to the End of the several Parishes or Places of Shenfield and Woodford in the County of Essex, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

3 P 2 An

Application of Sects. 118. and 124. of 3 G. 4. c. 126. to Turnpike Roads that have become ordinary Highways.

Meetings of Trustees or Commissioners.

[Short Title.]

53 G 3. c. xli.

54 G. 3. c. lmv,

55 G. 3. c. xc.

59 G. 3. c. cxxii.

3 G. 4. c. iii.

4 G. 4. c. lxii.

4 G. 4. c. cvi.

t^oosie

480

4 G. 4. c. cviii.

5 G. 4. c. xi.

5 G. 4. c. xxv.

5 G. 4. c. lvi.

7 G.4. c. cxxvi.

7 & 8 G. 4. c. lvi.

9 G. 4. c. li.

9 G. 4. c. lxxv. 11 G. 4. c. xxi.

II G. 4. c- xxxii.

11 G. 4. c. lxxxii.

11 G. 4.

c. lxxxiii.

11 G. 4 c.xcix, 1 W. 4. c. xlv.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. xix.

1 & 2 W.4. c. xxii.

2 W. 4. c. lxxv.

2 W.4. c. lxxvii.

3 W. 4. c. v.

3 W. 4. c. ix.

3 W. 4. u xii. 3 W. 4. c. xvii.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 107.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from Beaconsfield in the County of Buckingham to Stoken Church in the County of Oxford.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads leading from the Town of Newent in the County of Gloucester and other Roads in the Counties of Gloucester and Hereford.

An Act for improving and keeping in repair the Road from Span Smithy in the County of Chester to Talk in the County of Stafford.

An Act for repairing the Lower Road from Greenwich to Woolwich in the County of Kent.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Whitecross in the Parish of Leven in Holderness in the East Riding of the County of York to the Town of Beverley in the said County.

An Act for repairing the Road from the High Bridge in Spalding to Tydd Goat in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads in the same County.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Christopher's Bridge in the Borough of Thetford in the County of Suffolk to the North-east End of the Town of Newmarket in the County of Cambridge.

An Act for repairing the Road from Scole Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, widening, and improving the Road from the West Cowgate near Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the Alemouth Turnpike Road in the County of Northumberland, and for making and maintaining other Roads communicating therewith.

An Act for repairing, amending, and maintaining the Road from Congleton in the County of Chester to a Branch of the Leek Turnpike Road at Thatchmarsh Bottom in the Parish of Hartington in the County of Derby, and from the Lowe to the Havannah Mills in the said County of Chester.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Lewes, through Offham, to Witch Cross; from the Cliffe near Lewes, through Uckfield, to Witch Cross; and from the said Cliffe, through Ringmer, Heathfield, and Burwash, to Hurst Green; all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for amending and improving the Road from Tonbridge to Ightham, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Kent.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough in the County of Kent to Beggar's Bush in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresfield in the County of Sussex.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge in the County of Suffolk.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Shotley Bridge in the County of Durham.

An Act for better maintaining certain Roads within the County of Salop called the Shawbury District of Roads.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Lanfabon to Pontymoil, and other Roads and Bridges therein mentioned, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Monmouth.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the Borough of Saltash in the County of Cornwall, and for making a new Branch and Deviations of Roads to communicate therewith.

An Act for repairing the Roads from near Monk Bridge, near York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough, and from Spittle House to Scarborough, all in the County of York.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Wendover to the End of Oak Lane, and from the River Colne for Half a Mile towards Beaconsfield, in the County of Bucks.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Bishop's Waltham to join the Botley and Winchester Road at or near Fisher's Pond in the Parish of Owslebury in the County of Southampton.

An

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 107, 108.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bicester in the County of Oxford to Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Hodges to Beadles Hill and Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill to Lindfield, all in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Canal Bridge in Hurdsfield in the County of Chester to the Turnpike Road at Randle Carr Lane Head in Fernilee in the County of Derby, leading to Chapel-in-1 e-Frith in the same County.

An Act for repairing and improving the Roads through Huntley from Gloucester towards Ross in the County of Hereford, and to and from Mitcheldean, and through Westbury-upon-Severn to Newnham and Littledean, in the County of Gloucester.

An Act to make and maintain a Turnpike Road from the Gateshead and Hexham Turnpike Road at or near to Axwell Park Gate on the River Derwent in the Township of Winlaton in the Parish of Ryton in the County of Durham to the Village of Shotley Bridge in the said County of Durham.

An Act for repairing the Road from Offham to Ditchclling in the County of Sussex.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Rochdale to Eden-field in the Parish of Bury, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Swindon to the Centre of Christian Malford Bridge, from Caine to Lyneham Green, and from the Direction Post in Long Leaze Lane near Lydiard Marsh to Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

An Act for maintaining the Roads from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to the Town of Beverley in the East Riding of the County of York, and from Newland Bridge to the West End of the Town of Cottingham in the same Riding.

An Act for improving the Shrewsbury District and the Wellington District of the Watling Street Road in the County of Salop.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Minsterley in the County of Salop to the Turnpike Road leading from Bishop's Castle in the said County of Salop to Churchstoke in the County of Montgomery.

An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads from Kingsbridge to Dartmouth, and for making new Branches to and from the same, all in the County of Devon.

An Act to continue, alter, and amend an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually repairing and improving the Middlesex and Essex Turnpike Roads; to provide for the rebuilding of Bow Bridge in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, the improving of the several other Bridges upon the said Roads; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Rochdale, through Bamford and Birtle, to Bury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Town of Beaconsfield to the River Colne, all in the County of Buckingham.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Districts of Nottingham, Rusholme, Plymouth, Redcar, Cardiff, Kingston-upon-Hull, Guildford, Ramsgate, Ryde, Workington, and Oxford, and for other Purposes relative to certain Districts under the said Act.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local

Government Act, 1858, duly made certain Provisional Orders which are contained in the

Schedule

431

3 W. 4. c. xxiv.

3 W. 4. c. xliv. 3 W. 4. c. lix.

3 W. 4. c. lxxv.

3 W. 4. c. lxxix.

3 W. 4 c. lxxxii.

3 W. 4. c. lxxxiv.

3 W. 4. c. xcii.

3 W. 4. c. xciii.

3 W. 4. c. xcix.

4 W. 4. c. xi.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. lxxiii.

4 & 5 W. 4. c. lxxxix.

13 fit 14 Vict c. lxxxvii.

15 Vict. c. xcvii.

482

Provisional Orders in Schedule confirmed. Proviso as to Rights of Board of Trade in Ramsgate Harbour, &c.

South Wales Highway Act (23 & 24 Vict. c. lxviii.) as to District of Llanelly repealed.

Isle of Wight Roads, &c. Act (53 G. 3. c. xcii.) repealed as to District of Ventnor,

East Cowes, San down, and Shanklin

The Oxford Local Board to be elected between the 9th and 24th of November annually.

Ratepayers of each Parish in Oxford District to elect One Member.

Members of the University need not make Declaration. The Local Board shall

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act that no such Orders shall be of any Validity whatever until they shall have been confirmed by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Orders should be so confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Orders contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be absolute, and be as binding and of like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act: Provided always, that nothing in this Act, or in the Order hereby confirmed, with relation to Ramsgate, shall be deemed or construed to extend to or affect Ramsgate Harbour or the Soil thereof, or any other Property transferred to and vested in the Board of Trade by the " Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861 and all Bights, Powers, and Privileges of the Board of Trade are hereby expressly reserved, save only that parochial and other local Bates shall still be payable on those Parts of the said Property within the District of Ramsgate in which they have heretofore been payable.

2. The Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty (23 & 24 Vict Cap. 68), intituled " The South Wales Highway Act," shall be repealed so far as it relates to the District of Llanelly in the County of Carmarthen, within which District the Local Government Act, 1858, is now in force. And whereas ' Doubts have arisen as to the Effect of the Provisional Order repealing the said Act ' within the District of Aberavon in the County of GlamorganIt is hereby declared, That the said Act shall be deemed and taken to be repealed within the said District as if the Repeal thereof had been provided by express Enactment in the Act confirming the said Order.

3. The Act passed in the Fifty-third Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending the Roads and Highways in the Isle of Wight, shall be repealed so far as it relates to the District of Ventnor, within which the Local Government Act, 1858, is now in force. And whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Effect of the ' Provisional Orders repealing the said Isle of White Highway Act within the Districts of ' East Cowes, Sandown, and ShanklinIt is hereby declared, That the said Act shall be deemed and taken to be repealed within the said Districts as if the Repeal thereof had been provided by express Enactment in the Acts confirming the said Orders.

4. The yearly Election of the Members of the Local Board for the District of Oxford under Section Eighty-two of "The Local Government Act, 1858," shall take place on such Day between the Ninth and Twenty-fourth Days of November in every Year, not being Sunday, as the Local Board from Time to Time at their Ordinary Meeting in the Month of October in the respective Year determine; and the Members of the Local Board already and from Time to Time hereafter elected shall continue in Office until the Commencement of the Meeting of the Local Board next after the Day of the then next yearly Election of Members thereof, and thereupon the Members then elected shall come into Office: Provided that if and whenever the Local Board do not so fix any other Day for the yearly Election, then it shall take place on the Tenth Day of November, or, if that Day be Sunday, on the then next Day.

5. The Members of the Oxford Local Board to be elected by the Ratepayers of the Parishes within the District shall be elected One for every Parish by the Ratepayers of the respective Parish, and, except as is by this Act otherwise provided, shall be so elected by the Ratepayers in Vestry assembled.

6. It shall not be obligatory on any of the Fifteen Members of the Local Board from Time to Time elected by the University of Oxford to make ally Declaration of Qualification for the Office of Member of the Local Board.

7. The Oxford Local Board shall yearly, at their First Meeting in November, appoint One of their Number to be Chairman for One Year at all Meetings at which he is present;

and

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108. 483

and in case the Chairman so appointed be absent from any Meeting at the Time appointed appoint Chair *

for holding the same, the Members present shall appoint One of their Number to act man-

as Chairman thereat; and in case the Chairman appointed for the Year die, resign, or

become incapable of acting, another Member shall be appointed to be Chairman for the

Period during which the Person so dying, resigning, or becoming incapable would have been entitled to remain in Office, and no longer; and the Chairman at any Meeting shall have a Second or Casting Vote in case of an Equality of Votes.

8. All Public Buildings of the University and City of Oxford, and any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the Oxford District not now assessed or assessable to Bates for the Relief of the Poor, except all such as belong to or are held by the County, and except Churches and other public Places of Religious Worship, shall be assessable on a fair Valuation thereof by an equal Pound Rate to the General District Rates, to be from Time to Time mode and levied by the Local Board.

9. If and when any Part of the Parish of Cowley is added to the Oxford District, then and thenceforth the Number of Members of the Local Board for the Oxford District shall be increased by One:

(a.) The Cowley Member shall from Time to Time be elected by the Owners and Ratepayers within that Part of the Parish of Cowley:

(6.) The First Election of the Cowley Member shall take place within Forty-two Days after the passing of this Act, on a Day which shall, within Fourteen Days after the passing of this Act, be appointed by the Chairman of the Local Board:

(c.) The Cowley Member so first elected shall continue in Office until the Commencement of the Meeting of the Local Board next after the Day of the yearly Election of Members of the Local Board in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six:

(d.) The yearly Election of the Cowley Member shall take place in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and in every subsequent Year on the Day for the yearly Election of other Members of the Local Board:

(e.) The Chairman of the Local Board shall be the Summoning Officer for the Purposes of every Election of the Cowley Member:

(/.) In all other respects the Provisions of every Act of Parliament from Time to Time in force with respect to the Members of the Local Board, and their Election and Continuance in Office and Retirement from Office, shall, so far as the same are applicable, extend and apply to the Cowley Member.

All Public Buildings (except Churches) shall be assessable to the General District Rates.

Provisions in case of the Addition to the District of a Part of Cowley Parish.

10. The Member of the Oxford Local Board now elected for the Parish of Saint The Parish of Thomas shall henceforth be elected for that Parish and for the adjoining Parish of Binsey, as if they were One Parish, and for the Purposes of the Election the Two Parishes shall rePreien be deemed to be One Parish:

(a.) For the Election the Ratepayers of the Parish of Binsey shall form Part of the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Thomas:

(b.) Notices of the Vestry Meetings of the Parish of Saint Thomas for the Election shall be given by the Summoning Officers of that Parish to the Ratepayers of the Parish of Binsey as if they were Ratepayers of the Parish of Saint Thomas.

U. If and when any Part of the Parish of North Hincksey is added to the Oxford District, Provisions in then the Member of the Local Board now elected for the adjoining Parish of Saint Aldate 2ddltk>?to shall thenceforth be elected for that Parish and for that Part of the Parish of North the OxfordDis-Hinchsey as if they were One Parish; and for the Purposes of the Election the Parish trict of a Part of Saint Aldate and that Part of the Parish of North Hincksey shall be deemed to be One Parish; for the Election the Ratepayers of that Part of the Parish of North Hincksey an shall form Part of the Vestry of the Parish of Saint Aldate.

12. For the Purposes of this Section, and with respect to each of the Parishes of Cowley Overseers of and Binsey and North Hincksey respectively, the Overseers of the respective Parish shall, when the Oxford Local Board by Notice in Writing to them so require, produce to such Nonh^Hinck-

Persons

sey to prodace Bate Books.

Penalty in default

Provisional Order made applicable to the Oxford District, &c.

Assessment Committee to be appointed by the Local Board.

The Mayor and Recorder of the City and the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford, to be a Court of Appeal for Objections to Assessments.

Persons dis-satisfied with Assessment to Local Board, who shall refer the same to Assessment Committee. Appeal against the Assessment Committee's Decision.

Notices how to be given.

Notices how to be served.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

Persons as the Local Board specify in the Notice, and permit them to inspect and transcribe, the Rate Books for the then current and then last Rates for the Relief of the Poor of the respective Parish, and shall afford to those Persons all proper and sufficient Facilities in that Behalf; and if whenever any Overseer of any of those Parishes in any way offends against this Provision, then every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the Oxford Local Board any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

13. The Provisional Order relating to the Oxford District set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed shall, in accordance with the Provisions of this Section, apply to the Oxford District and the Local Board for the Oxford District as that District and that Local Board respectively are from Time to Time constituted.

14. The Oxford Local Board, within Fourteen Days after their yearly Election, shall appoint for the current Year a Committee of their own Number to be the Assessment Committee, and shall determine their Number, Quorum, and Procedure, and shall, when requisite, supply Vacancies in their Number:

(a.) All Objections to the General District Rate shall be heard and considered by the Assessment Committee:

(b.) And if and when the Assessment to the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of all or any Part of the Property assessable to the General District Rate to be made and levied by the Local Board is in the Judgment of the Local Board an unfit Criterion for making a General District Rate, or there is no such Assessment, the net annual Value of the Property shall be ascertained by the Assessment Committee.

15. The Mayor and Recorder of the City of Oxford, and the Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford, instead of the Court of Quarter Sessions, shall be the Court of Appeal for all Purposes of Appeals from Assessments and Rates of the Local Board:

(a.) Provided that during the Absence of the Recorder the Deputy Recorder, and during the Absence of the Vice-Chancellor One of the Pro Vice-Chancellors, to be appointed by the Vice-Chancellor by Writing under his Hand delivered to the Clerk to the Local Board, and during the Absence of the Mayor the Deputy Mayor of the City, shall act in the Place of and shall accordingly represent the Recorder, or, as the Case shall be, the Vice-Chancellor or the Mayor.

16. When any Person liable to be rated to the General District Rate levied by the Oxford Local Board is dis-satisfied with the Amount at which he or any other Person is assessed, he may give to the Local Board Notice in that Behalf, and the Matter shall be referred by the Board to the Assessment Committee, and shall be heard and considered by them, and the Object or and his Agent, if any, shall be entitled to appear and be heard before the Assessment Committee.

(a.) If within Twenty-one Days next after the Delivery of the Notice to the Local Board the Assessment Committee do not alter the Assessment so as to remove the Object or's Ground of Complaint, he may give to the Local Board and also to the Court of Appeal Notice of his Intention io appeal against the Decision of the Assessment Committee:

(<b.) At a Time and Place appointed by the Court of Appeal, which, if not the Time for holding the Quarter Sessions for the City, shall be not less than Fourteen Days after the Delivery of that Notice, the Court shall meet and hear the Appeal, giving to the Local Board and the Appellant at least Seven clear Days Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting:

(e.) The Notices shall be in Writing, and the First Notice to the Local Board shall state the Objections and the Grounds thereof, and the Second Notice to the Local Board, and the Notice to the Court of Appeal, shall state such of the Objections as are not removed and the Grounds thereof, and shall not state any Objection or Ground of Objection which was not stated in the First Notice:

(<d.) The Notices shall be served on the Local Board and the Court of Appeal respectively by being delivered for them respectively to the Clerk to the Local Board, and the Notices to the Appellant shall be served on him personally, or by leaving the same at his Place of Abode or Business.

17. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

17. The Court of Appeal may and shall hear and consider the Appeal, and, as they think fit, may either confirm or quash or alter the Decision of the Assessment Committee, and may determine the Costs of the Appeal, and by whom the same shall be paid, and may make such Orders in the Premises as they think fit; and every Order so made by them shall be binding on all Parties interested, and, where requisite, the Assessment shall i>e altered accordingly.

18. The Court of Appeal shall meet at the Times for holding the Quarter Sessions for the City of Oxford, or at such other Tin es, and at such Places, and on such Notice, and shall conduct their Proceedings in such Manner, as they think be3t adapted for carrying into effect these Provisions, and shall have full Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority for the Purposes of their Appointment as if they were a Court of Quarter Sessions.

19. The Expenses of the Assessment Committee and of the Court of Appeal shall be paid by the Oxford Local Board, and the Clerk to the said Local Board shall be the Clerk to the Court of Appeal.

20. With respect to the General District Rate from Time to Time made and levied by the Oxford Local Board:

(a.) All rateable Property belonging to the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University shall be rated in the Name of the Vice-Chancellor of the University:

(5.) All rateable Property belonging to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Oxford shall be rated in the Name of the Mayor of the City:

(c.) All rateable Property belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Christ Church and to the other Colleges and the Halls in the University shall respectively be rated in the Names of the Treasurer of Christ Church, and of the Senior Bursar or Treasurer of the several other Colleges, and of the Principals of the several Halls respectively:

(id.) All rateable Property belonging to Feoffees or Trustees of Charities or Public Buildings shall respectively be rated in the Names of the Feoffees and Trustees respectively.

21. The General District Rate from Time to Time made by the Oxford Local Board, and payable by the University and Christ Church and the other Colleges and the Halls respectively, shall be collected and paid to the Local Board by the Vice-Chancellor; provided that this Arrangement may at any Time be determined by Notice in Writing in that Behalf given by the Vice-Chancellor to the Local Board, or by the Local Board to the Vice-Chancellor, and if Notice be so given, and be not withdrawn within Twelve Months after the Service thereof, then from and after the Expiration of that Period the General District Rate payable by the University and Christ Church, and the several other Colleges and the Halls respectively, shall be collected by the Local Board.

22. From and after the Expiration of Three Months next after the passing of this Act the Custody, Care, and Management of the Public Library in the City of Oxford shall be vested in the Local Board, in accordance with the Provisions in that Behalf of the Acts from Time to Time in force with respect to Public Libraries managed by Local Boards for the Purpose of their Districts; and all the Expenses of and incident to the Custody, Care, and Management thereof, and the adding to and maintaining of the same, shall from Time to Time be paid by the Local Board out of Monies raised by the General District Rate as if " The Public Libraries Act, 1855," had been duly adopted for the whole of the Oxford District as from Time to Time constituted, and the Public Library had been established thereunder; and if after discharging all Debts and Liabilities, if any, relating thereto, there be any Balance of the Monies, before the Expiration of the Three Months, assessed for the Purposes thereof, the Balance shall be paid to the Local Board, and be carried to their General District Fund; provided that the Amount expended by the Local Board in any One Year for the Purposes of the Public Library shall not exceed the Amount which might be raised by them by a Rate for the Purpose made under that Act.

28. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

28 & 29 Vict. 3 Q 24. In

485

Proceedings of Court of Appeal.

As to the Time of holding the Court of Appeal and conducting Proceedings.

Expenses of Assessment Committee, &c.

Who to be rated to the General District Rates of the Oxford Local Board.

Rates on the University and Colleges and Halls of Oxford to be collected and paid by the Vice-Chancellor.

Power to determine that Arrangement.

The Public Library in the City of Oxford vested in the Local Board.

Limit of the Amount to be raised for the Public Library.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict c. 98.

486

[Short Title.]

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

24. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures Ci The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1865 (No. 5)."

SCHEDULE of Provisional Orders referred to in the preceding Act.

1. Nottingham. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board, otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

2. Rusholme. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health, otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

3. Plymouth. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health, otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

4. Redcar. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, for the

Purchase and taking of Lands by the Local Board of Health, otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

5. Cardiff. — Putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the

District of the Local Board of Health, for the Purchase and taking of Lands, otherwise than by Agreement, for Street Improvements.

6. Kingston-upon-Hull. — Altering the Kingston-upon-Hull Improvement Act, 1854,

in force within the Borough.

7. Guildford. — Repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Local Board.

8. Ramsgate. — Alteration of Ramsgate Improvement Act, 1838.

9. Ryde. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Ryde Commissioners acting as

Local Board within the District.

10. Workington. — Extending the Borrowing Powers of the Workington Local Board.

11. Oxford. — Repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Oxford Local Board.

12. Hinck8ey (Oxford District). — Altering the Boundaries of the District of Oxford, under the Local Government Act, 1858.

13. Cowley (Oxford District). — Altering the Boundaries of the District of Oxford, under the Local Government Act, 1858.

NOTTINGHAM.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act3 1845, within the District of the Local Board for the Borough of Nottingham) for the Purchase and taking of Lands by the said Board, otherwise than by Agreement.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham, being the Local Board in and for the District of the said Borough, have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the 75th Section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that Section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Local Board to purchase certain pieces of land, buildings, and premises, for the purpose of enabling them to widen, alter, and improve certain streets or roads within such Borough.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land and the several buildings and premises intended to be taken by such Local Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid lands, buildings, and premises who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notices issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, buildings, and premises, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by

agreement;

487

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Nottingham, being the Local Board for the said Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the messuages or tenements, buildings, lands, hereditaments, and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement

Given under my hand this First day of May, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

The Schedule referred to in the foregoing Order.

The Lands, Houses, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken for the purposes set forth in the preceding Order, and which are situate in the Borough of Nottingham, are the following, the Figures in the Second Column referring to those on the Plan of the said Hereditaments and Premises deposited at the Office of the Surveyor of the said Local Board, St. Peter's Church .Side, Nottingham, in the month of November 1864, and mentioned in the Petition of the aforesaid Local Board herein-before referred to.

Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken. No. on the said Plan. Owners or reputed Owners. i Occupiers.

House, Shop, Stable, Coachhouse, Outbuildings, Yard, and Premises in or near the and 5 Mary Ann Page Jonathan Page (Lessee and Occupier).

Long Row and Sheep Lane. 71, 72, 72, 72 a, 725, and 5 a. The same

A Share in and Rights of Way and other Rights in and over Common Yards, The same.

Passages, and Premises in and near the Long Row and Sheep Lane.

Houses and Premises in or 25, 26, 27, John Cragg, Mary Joseph Disney, William

near Talbot Yard and Sheep Lane. and 28. Ann Cragg, Elizabeth Milnes, and William Adams Dams Nunn. Smith, Henry Clarke, and John Shelton.

Houses and Premises in or near Sheep Lane. 73 and 74 William Stanford Burnside. The Pleasley Mill Company (Lessees), Thomas Griffitt and Ellen Holmes (Occupiers).

Houses and Premises near Sheep Lane. 79, 80, and 81. John Swann James Barker and Elizabeth Whitehead.

Common Passage and Premises near Sheep Lane. 82 and 82 The same J Q 2 James Barker, Elizabeth Whitehead, Sarah Newman, Ransom Holland, William Booth, William Stevenson, Hannah Haywood, Thomas Holmes, George Deudney, Robert Clarke, and John Harris,

488

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises proposed to be taken. No. on the said Plan. | Owners or reputed Owners. Occupiers.

House, Shop, Warehouse, Outbuildings, and Premises in and near the Long Row and Sheep Lane. 110, 93, and 1 99. | Henry Ashwell and John Scott Wells. George Spybey.

A Share in or certain Rights of Way and other Rights in and over Common Yards, Passages, and Premises in and near the Long Row and Sheep Lane. 109, 89, 95, j 102, 112, ' and 113. i j The same The same.

Tenement or Warehouse and Premises near Long Row and Sheep Lane. 88 j I i Richard Bush Newton Robert Dickinson and Edward Dickinson (Lessees and Occupiers).

RUSHOLME.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Ritsholme in the County of Lancaster, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Works of Street Improvement.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Rusholme in the County of Lancaster have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for works of street improvement as described therein.

And whereas the said Petition and the Schedule appended thereto duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Rusholme in the County of Lancaster aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Third day of April, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gret.

489

Schedules referred to in the preceding Order.

Lands and Buildings, containing 385 Square Yards and 7 Square Yards, intended to be taken for widening, opening, enlarging, or otherwise improving the Turnpike Road leading from Manchester to Stockport.

No. Land and Buildings Owners or reputed i Lessees or reputed Occupiers.

Plan. proposed to be taken. Owners. 1 1 Lessees.

As to the 385 Yards.

1 Part of Pasture Field The Reverend j Elizabeth Hardy, Spin-

George Henry j Greville Anson, j Rector of St. | ster, Longsight.

James, Birch, Rusholme.

2 Front Garden and Sir John William Robert George S tracy, Tatton Grove, James Kelly, 1, St. John's Place, Long-

Approach to back Hamilton Anson,

Yard. Bart., Portland Place, London. Withington. sight.

3 Boot and Shoemaker's Sir J.W.H. Anson, Robert George Stracy James Kelly, 1, St.

shop. Bart. 1 John's Place, Long-sight.

4 Front Garden Sir J. W. H. Anson, Robert George Stracy James Kelly, 2, St. John's Place, Long-

Bart.

sight.

5 Front Garden Sir J, W. H. Anson, Robert George Stracy Jane Batty, Widow, 2,

Bart. St. John's Place, Longsight.

6 Part of Front Garden Sir J. W. H. Anson, Robert George Stracy Fanny Seward, Spinster,

Bart. 3, St. John's Place, Longsight. George Whitmore, 4,

7 Part of Front Garden Sir J. W. H. Anson, Robert George Stracy

Bart. St. John's Place, Longsight.

8 Approach to Back Sir John William - William Draper, St.

Yard. Hamilton Anson, John's Cottages, Long-

Bart. sight.

9 Part of Garden Sir John Wm. Ha- - William Draper, St.

milton Anson, John'sCottages, Long-

Bart. sight.

10 Part of Front Garden Sir J. W. H. Anson,. Sarah Rothwell, St.

Bart. John'sCottages, Longsight.

. 11 Part of Front Garden Sir J.W.H. Anson, Robert George Stracy Mary Siebar, 1, St.

Bart. John's Terrace, Longsight.

12 Part of Front Garden Sir J. W. H. Anson, Robert George Stracy William Crabtree, 2,

Bart. St. John's Terrace, Longsight.

13 Part of Front Garden Sir J. W. H. Anson, Robert George Stracy William Whittenbury, 3, St. John's Terrace,

Bart.

14 Part of Front Garden Sir J.W.H. Anson, Robert George Stracy Longsight. James Worsley, 4, St,

Bart. John's Terrace, Longsight.

15 Part of Front Garden Sir J.W. H. Anson, Robert George Stracy Luke Poynton, Long-

i Bart. sight.

490

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108

No. on Plan. Land and Buildings proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

As to the 7 Square Yards.

16 Steps leading to Dwelling House. Mary Bentley, Spinster, Fair-field. - Elizabeth Lownds, Longsight.

17 Steps leading to Provision Shop. Mary Bentley, Spinster, Fair-field. Ralph Horsfield, Longsight.

18 Steps leading to Dwelling House. Mary Bentley, Spinster, Fair-field. James Hopwood, Grate Keeper, Longsight

19 Steps leading to Dwelling House. Mary Bentley, Spinster, Fair-field. David Chadwick, opposite Coach and Horses, Longsight

20 Steps leading to Dwelling House. Mary Aldrid, Heaton Moor, Heaton Norris. Sarah Burrows, Widow, opposite Coach and Horses Inn, Longsight.

21 Steps leading to Dwelling House. Mary Aldrid, Heaton Moor, Heaton Norris. Thomas Farnworth, near North Street, Longsight.

Land and Buildings, containing 228 Square Yards, 18 Square Yards, 47 Square Yards, 187 Square Yards, 615 Square Yards, 628 Square Yards, 330 Square Yards, and 98 Square Yards, intended to be taken for widening, opening, enlarging, or otherwise improving Dickenson Road.

As to the 228 Yards.

22

23

Part of Front Garden

Part of Dwelling House, Scullery, Y ard, and Approach to Yard.

Sir John William Hamilton Anson, Bart.

Sir John William Hamilton Anson, Baronet.

Sarah Fletcher, Widow, Longsight.

Sarah Fletcher, Widow, Dickinson Road, Longsight.

As to the 18 Yards.

24 Part of Shed used as Stable. Mary Aldrid, Heaton Moor, Heaton Norris. m

25 Part of Dwelling House, Steps, and Cellar. Mary Aldrid, Heaton Moor, Heaton Norris.

26 Waste Land open to Dickenson Road. Mary Aldrid, Heaton Moor, Heaton Norris. - - m

27 Occupation Road Mary Aldrid, Spinster, Heaton Moor, Heaton Norris. -

28 Part of Pasture Field Sir John William Hamilton Anson Baronet, London.

William Coates, Longsight.

Henry Mills, Dickenson Road, Longsight.

---- Mallany, Marble Worker, late of Brook Street.

Henry Mills, Margaret Ryan, Edward Paw-son, John Law,

George Hardy, -

Mallany, all of Dickenson Road, Longsight,

Margaret Ryan, Edward Pawson, John Law, George Hardy.

Sarah Fletcher, Widow, Dickenson Road, Longsight.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

No. on Plan. Land and Buildings proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

As to the 47 Yards.

29 | Pasture Land or i Field. | - I In hand.

40

41

42

43

As to the 187 Yards.

30 Pasture Field or Building Land. Rhodes -

31 Part of Front Garden Samuel Chorlton, Chapel Street, Didsbury.

32 Part of Front Garden Samuel Chorlton, Chapel Street, Didsbury.

As to the 330 Yards.

39 Part of Pasture Field

Cow Sheds and Approach.

Part of Pasture Field and Footpath.

Stone Yard and Workrooms.

Part of Front Garden

As to the 615 Yards.

Trustees of the late Charles Carill Worsley, viz.,

Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans,

Darly Abbey.

Trustees of the late Charles Carill Worsley, viz.,

Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans,

Darley Abbey.

Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans,

Darly Abbey.

Rusholme Local Board of Health.

John Vint, Leeds -

33 Part of Pasture Field Sir John William Hamilton Anson, Bart. Robert Greg

34 Part of Garden and Approach to Dwelling House called Birch Cottage. Sir John William Hamilton Anson, Bart. Robert Greg

35 Part of Front Garden Charles Dove Sarah Ann Heap (Mortgagee).

36 Part of Front Garden Charles Dove Sarah Ann Heap (Mortgagee).

37 Part of Front Garden Charles Dove Sarah Ann Heap (Mortgagee).

38 Part of Front Garden and Approach to Dwelling House. Charles Dove Sarah Ann Heap (Mortgagee).

In hand.

Reverend James Twist, Dickinson Road.

Unoccupied.

Robert Greg, Birch Cottage, Dickenson Road.

Robert Greg, Birch Cottage, Dickenson Road.

Elizabeth Lambert (Widow), 4, St. James' View, Dickinson Road.

James Paley, 3, St. James' View, Dickinson Road.

David Noar, 2, St. James' View, Dickenson Road.

John Railton, 1, St James' View, Dickenson Road.

Amos Smathers, Uncle Tom's Cabin, Monmouth Street, Rusholme.

Ann Sharpies, sublet to William Tomkins, 7, Dickenson Road.

Ann Sharpies, sublet td William Tomkins, 7, Dickenson Road.

Rusholme Local Board of Health.

Alice Thomasson, Widow, 6, Pelham Place, Dickenson Road.

No. | on I Plan.

Land and Buildings proposed to be taken.

Owners or reputed i Owners.

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

44

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

53

54

55

56

57

58

As to the 98 Yards. Part of Front Garden | John Vint, Leeds - | -

* i

Part of Front Garden j John Vint, Leeds - | -

Part of Front Garden Part of Front Garden Part of Front Garden

Building Land open to Dickenson Road.

Building Land open to Dickenson Road. Part of Pasture Field

Part of Pasture Field

Part of Dwelling House.

Part of Dwelling House.

Part of Dwelling House.

Part of Dwelling House.

Part of Dwelling House.

Part of Dwelling House.

John Vint, Leeds -John Vint, Leeds -John Vint, Leeds -

Samuel Potter Cheetham Hill,

25, Walmer Street.

As to the 628 Yards.

Rusholme Local Board of Health.

The Trustees of Mrs.Cunliffe, viz.

Frank Hampson,

Solicitor, Shars-ton Mount, Northenden, and John Cunliffe, Blackburn.

The Trustees of Mrs.Cunliffe, viz.

Frank Hampson,

Solicitor, Shars-ton Mount, Northenden, and John Cunliffe, Blackburn.

William Bowden,

Slate Merchant,

2, Stockport Road, Ardwick.

William Bowden,

Slate Merchant,

2, Stockport Road, Ardwick.

William Bowden,

Slate Merchant *

2, Stockport Road, Ardwick.

William Bowden,

Slate Merchant,

2, Stockport Road, Ardwick.

William Bowden,

Slate Merchant,

2, Stockport Road, Ardwick.

William Bowden,

Slato Merchant,

2, Stockport Road, Ardwick.

Thomas Rathbone, 5,

Pelham Place, Dick-j enson Road.

I James Richardson, 4, Pelham Place, Dickenson Road.

Elizabeth Tinker (Widow), 3, Pelham Place.

James Udall, 2, Pelham Place, Dickenson Road. | Sarah Skippers, 1, Pelham Place, Dickenson Road.

George Wynne, 33,

I Rusholme Grove.

Rusholme Local Boat'd of Health.

John Edward Taylor, Platt Cottage,

Rusholme.

John Edward Taylor, Platt Cottage,

Rusholme.

Mary Sharpies (Widow), 15, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

Francis Thomas, 13, Dickinson Road, Rusholme.

Thomas Shepherd, 11, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

William Kellam, 9, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

William Tomkins, 7, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

Thomas Mottram, 5, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108

493

No. on Plan. 1 Land and Buildings proposed to be taken. i i Owners or reputed j Owners. j 1 i Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

59 Provision Shop and Bakehouse. Ann Corns, Oak House, Sale j Moor. - Joseph Axon, 3, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

60 Common Yard Ann Corns, Oak House, Sale Moor. j Joseph Axon. I George Hindley, Dickenson Court.

61 Part of Dwelling House, Yard, and Scullery. William Bowden, Slate Merchant, 2, Stockport Road, Ardwick. William Clarke, Builder, 1, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

62 Joiner's and Builder's Shop. William Bowden, Slate Merchant, 2, Stockport Road, Ardwick. William Clarke, Builder, 1, Dickenson Road, Rusholme.

63 Stables, Coach House, and Passage, leading to Public House called Birch Villa Hotel. William Bowden, Slate Merchant, 2, Stockport Road, Ardwick. William Roberts, Greenhey's Brewery (14 years from March 1864). William Saynor, Birch Villa Hotel, Rusholme.

Land and Buildings, containing 124 Square Yards, 110 Square Yards, 20 Square Yards, 794 Square Yards, and 80 Square Yards, intended to be taken for widening, opening, enlarging, or otherwise improving the Highway from Manchester to Wilmslow.

As to the 124 Yards.

64 Part of Shrubbery and Carriage Drive.

65 Part of Shrubbery and Approach to Dwelling House.

The Trustees of Sophia Jane Ferguson; Thomas Holford, Acting Trustee.

The Trustees of Sophia Jane Ferguson; Thomas Holford, Acting Trustee.

Thomas Cooke, Rush-I olme Hall., j Sophia Allecock, Rush-olme Place.

Elizabeth Ann Price, Spinster, Rusholme Place.

As to the 110 Yards.

66 Butcher's Shop Charles Butler, -

Butcher, olme. Rush-

67 Milliner's Shop Charles Butler, -

Butcher, olme. Rush-

68 Boot and Shoemaker's Charles Butler, -

Shop. Butcher, olme. Rush-

69 Grocer and Provision Charles Butler,

Shop. Butcher, olme. Rush-

70 Small ware. and To- Charles Butler, -

bacconist Shop. Butcher, olme. Rush-

Charles Butler, Butcher, Rusholme.

Rebecca Toon, Sjiiuster, Butler's Buildings, Rusholme.

William Renshaw, opposite Marlborough Terrace, Rusholme.

William Renshaw, opposite Marlborough Terrace, Rusholme.

Ann Chadwick, Widow, opposite Marlborough Terrace, Rusholme.

75 | Approach to Farm | i Buildings, Land, j

and Part of Front '

Garden. j

I 28

28 & 29 Vict.

As to the 80 Yards.

Trustees of late I -C. C. Worsley, >

Mary Jane Carill

Worsley and Henry Evans,

Darly Abbey.

3 R

- | Richard Broome, Far-i mer, Fallowfield.

i

No.

on

Plan.

Land and Buildings proposed to be taken.

Owners or reputed Lessees or reputed

Owners. Lessees.

Trustees of late

C. C. Worsley, Mary Jane Carill

Worsley and

Henry Evans, Darly Abbey.

Occupiers.

76

Part of harden

As to the 794 Yards.

86

87

Part of Front Garden

Part of Front Garden and Pump.

As to the 20 Yards.

Trustees of the late C. C, Worsley,

Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans,

Darley Abbey.

Trustees of the late C. Carill Worsley, Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans,

Darley Abbey.

John Henry Monk, Ivy Cottage, Fallowfield.

77 Part of Coppice Elizabeth Jane Lucas, Fallowfield Brow.

78 Part of Pasture Field Elizabeth Jane Lucas, Fallowfield Brow.

79 Plantation Elizabeth Jane Lucas, Fallowfield Brow.

80 Part of Pasture Field The Hon. Algernon Egerton. -

80a Highway Mary Jane Carill Worsley & Henry Evans of Darly Abbey, Trustees of the late Charles Carill Worsley.

81 Dwelling House and Steps. Isaac Thorniley, Crown Inn, Fountain Street, Manchester.

82 Dwelling House and Steps. Isaac Thorniley, Crown Inn, Fountain Street, Manchester.

83 Dwelling House and Steps. Isaac Thorniley, Crown Inn, Fountain Street, Manchester.

84 Part of Steps and Footpath. Isaac Thornley, Crown Inn, Fountain Street, Manchester.

85 Footpath Isaac Thornley, Crown Inn, Fountain Street, Manchester.

Nicholas Earle, Mab-field House, Fallow-field.

Nicholas Earle, Mab-field House, Fallow-field.

Nicholas Earle, Mab-field House, Fallow-field.

Samuel Brundred, Farmer, Fallowfield.

Samuel Brundrett, Farmer, Fallowfield.

Daniel Douglas, 205, Warde Street, Hulme.

Samuel Roberts, Labourer, Fallowfield.

William Vickers, Warehouseman, Fallowfield.

Ruth Hamblet, Widow, Fallowfield.

William Hague, Gardener, Fallowfield.

John Jones, Plumber, Post Office Place, Rusholme.

Charles Hardesty, Labourer, Fallowfield.

John Longshaw, Labourer, Fallowfield.

495

No. on Plan. Land and Buildings proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

88 Part of Front Garden Trustees of the late C. C. Worsley, Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans, Darley Abbey. James Bradshaw, Labourer, Fallowfield.

89 Part of Front Garden Trustees of the late C. C. Worsley, Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans, Darley Abbey. John Meller, 7, Fallow-field, opposite Post Office.

90 Part of Front Garden Trustees of the late C. C. Worsley, Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans, Darley Abbey. Joseph Hill, Carter, Fallowfield.

91 Part of Front Garden Trustees of the late C. C. Worsley, Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans, Darley Abbey. Thomas Grimshaw, Labourer, Fallowfield.

92 Footpath and Garden Trustees of the late C. C. Worsley, Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans, Darley Abbey. Phmbe Ashton, Widow, Fallowfield. Samuel Yernon, Gardener, Fallowfield.

93 Part of Front Garden Trustees of the late C. C. Worsley, Mary Jane Carill Worsley and Henry Evans, Darley Abbey. John Hague, Gardener, Fallowfield.

Land and Buildings, containing 1, 458 Square Yards, intended to be taken for widening, opening, enlarging, or otherwise improving Monmouth Street.

94 Ironmonger's Shop - Ralph Bailey, 8, WellingtonPlace, Bowden Downs.

95 Pawnbroker's Shop - Ralph Bailey, 8, WellingtonPlace, Bowdon Downs.

96 Yard leading to Smith's Shop. Ralph Bailey, 8, WellingtonPlace, Bowdon Downs. -

97 Smith's Shop - Ralph Bailey, 8, W ellingtonPlace, Bowdon Downs.

98 Common Yard Ralph Bailey, 8, W ellingtonPlace, Bowdon Downs.

99 Timber Yard Ralph Bailey, 8, W ellington Place, Bowdon Downs. -

Thomas Whitehead,

Ironmonger, Rush' olme.

Thomas Whitehead and Martha his Daughter, Pawnbrokers, Rush-olme.

Thomas Whitehead,

Ironmonger, Rush-olme.

Thomas Whitehead, Ironmonger, Rusholme.

Thomas Whitehead, Ironmonger, Rusholme

Ellis Crompton, Greengrocer, Rusholme.

J ames Tipping, J oiner and Builder, Monmouth Street, Rusholme.

3B2

No.

on

Flan.

100

101

102

103

104

115

106

107

108

109

i

110

Ill

Land and Buildings proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. i | Lessees or reputed, Lessees. I Occupiers.

Common Yard, Pump, and Mortar Store. Ralph Bailey, 8, Welling tonPlace, Bowdon Downs. - Abraham Woodhead, Brick Setter, Monmouth Street. George Bonsall, Packer, Monmouth Street.

Dwelling House Ralph Bailey, 8, Wellington Place, Bowdon Downs. George Bonsall, Packer, Monmouth Street.

Yard or Passage Ralph Bailey, 8, Wellington Place, Bowdon Downs. George Cooper, Warehouseman, Monmouth Street. James Isherwood, Monmouth Street.

Dwelling House Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. George Booth, Cab Driver, Monmouth Street.

Dwelling House Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. John Rippingham, Mechanical Chimney Sweeper, Monmouth Street.

Shed used as Boot and Shoemaker's Shop, and part of Garden. Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. Charles Wood, Boot and Shoemaker, Monmouth Street.

Building Land open to Monmouth Street. Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. In hand.

Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. George Barton, Monmouth Street.

Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. Eliza Bolsover(Widow), Monmouth Street.

Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. J ames W ard, Monmouth Street.

Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. Lucy North (Widow), Monmouth Street. Mary Marsland, Monmouth Street.

Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. m m CatherineKelly(Widow), Monmouth Street.

497

No. on Plan. Land and Buildings proposed to be taken. Owners or reputed Owners. Leasees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

112 Building Land open to Monmouth Street. Executor of the late Anne Tuer; Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. - In hand.

113 Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Thomas Anderson; Thomas Mee. Thomas Alcock, Greengrocer, Monmouth Street.

114 Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Thomas Anderson; Thomas Mee. John Phythian, Smith, Monmouth Street.

115 Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Thomas Anderson; Thomas Mee. Joseph Fieldsend, Boot and Shoemaker, Monmouth Street.

116 Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Thomas Anderson; Thomas Mee. Wright Antrobus, Monmouth Street.

117 1 | Part of Front Garden Executor of the late Thomas Anderson. James Chesworth.

118 Pasture Field - Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. Julius Knoop, Regent House, Rusholrae, Term Julius Knoop, Regent House, Rusholme.

119 Pasture Field - Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. Julius Knoop, Regent House, Rusholme. Julius Knoop, Regent House, Rusholme.

120 Garden Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. John Bier, Lessee for a Term of 10 Years; Years to run. John Bier, The Grange, Rusholme.

121 Hen Pen Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. John Bier, for a Term of 10 Years $ Years to run. John Bier, The Grange, Rusholme.

122 Shed or Stores Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. Abraham Woodhead, Brick Setter, Monmouth Street.

123 Coach House and Stables. Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. John Bier, Lessee, Term 10 Years; 8£ Years to run. John Bier, The Grange, Rusholme.

124 Privy and Ashpit Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hind-| ley, near Wigan. John Bier, Lessee, Term 10 Years; 8£ Years to run. John Bier, The Grange, Rusholme *

125 Tool House or Stores Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. John Bier, Lessee, Term 10 Years; 8£ Years to run. John Bier, The Grange, (Rusholme. 1

126 Part of Dwelling | House and Yard. I 1 Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hind-! ley, near Wigan. John Bier, Lessee, Term 10 Years; j 8£ to run. | John Bier, The Grange, | Rusholme. I

127 Garden and Wall Rev. John Jones Dickson, Hindley, near Wigan. i John Bier, Lessee, 10 Years Lease; 8£ to run. John Bier, The Grange, Rusholme.

498

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

PLYMOUTH.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Plymouth in the County of Devon, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Purposes of Street Improvement

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, acting as the Local Board of Health for that District, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings to enable them to carry out works of street improvement within their District.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's ' Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Plymouth aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement

Given under my hand this First day of April, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land and the Premises proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order, and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, are the following:

No. on Plan. Description of Property proposed to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

i Dwelling House, Shop, Workshops, and Courtlage, No. 1, Westwell Street. William Curtis, Trustee. - William Parks Ivey, John Holloway, junior.

2 Dwelling House, Garden, and Path, No. 2, Westwell Street, William Curtis, Trustee. Mary Elliott.

409

No: i on 1 Plan. Description of Property proposed to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. 1 Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

3 Dwelling House, Yard, Outhouses, Garden, and Path, known as " Westwell House " in Westwell Street. I William Curtis, Trustee. George Hamlyn, Henry Symons, John Shep-heard.

4 Dwelling House, Tenements, Outhouses, Yards, and Offices, No. 6, Basket Street. Robert Mather Watson, Trustee. Samuel Harris.

5 Dwelling House, Yards, Courtages, and Offices, No. 7, Basket Street. William Grendon Heathman. Samuel Cawse Park* house, Jane Gover.

6 Dwelling House, Yards, Workshops, and Outhouses, No. 9, Basket Street. Sarah Lane George Marks John Reed, John Symons, James Dunbar, William Hambly, Jane Nicholls, and Elizabeth Morland.

7 Dwelling House, Shop, Courtlage, and Offices in Bedford Street. Henry Matthews - Henry Matthews.

8 Ditto Henry Matthews - Thomas Smale - Thomas Smale.

9 Dwelling Houses, Shops, Outhouses, and Courtlage known as the " Island House" in Bedford Street. Ralph Cole Joseph Allen, George Creed. Joseph Allen, Charles Pascoe, and Thomas Reeves.

10 The Coach Office, Inn, Public House, Courtlage, and Offices, No. 3, Briton Side. William Palmer Elisha Horswell.

11 Dwelling House, Shop, Outhouse, and Courtlage, No. 4, Briton Side. Paul William Swain, Trustee. Jane Readin.

12 Dwelling House, Shop, Bakehouse, Courtlage, Outhouses, and Passage, No. 5, Briton Side. Paul William Swain, Trustee. Samuel Farley.

13 Dwelling House, Shop, Courtlage, Offices, and Passage No, 6, Briton Side. Paul William Swain, Trustee. Joseph Joseph Joseph Joseph, the Free Congregational Church, and John Gay.

14 Dwelling House, Shop, Passage, Courtlage, and Outhouses, No. 7, Briton Side. Paul William Swain, Trustee. Stephen Augustine Delor, Joseph Paige.

15 Dwelling House, Shop, Courtlage, and Outhouses, No. 8, 1 Briton Side. Paul William Swain, Trustee. Simon Philp; i Simon Philp.

No.

on

Plai

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

Description of Property proposed to be taken.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners.

Names of Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

Two Dwelling Houses, Shops, Bakehouse, Courtlages, and Outhouses, No. 9, Briton Side.

Dwelling Houses, Outhouses, Courtlage, and Yard, Nos. 3, 4, and 4£, Tin Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 5, Tin Street.

" The Woodside Inn " Public House, Tenement, Courtlage, and Offices in Gasking Street, at the Corner of Gascoyne Place.

Front Bar Pprtion of "The Swan of Avon" Inn, George Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, Passage, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 20, Old Town Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, Outhouses, Passage, and Courtlage, No. 21, Old Town Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, Loft, Passage, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 22, Old Town Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, Lofts, Workshops, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 23, Old Town Street.

" The Cornish Inn " Public House, Yards, Stables, Outhouses, Courtlage, and Offices, No. 24, Old Town Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, and Courtlage, No. 25, Old Town Street.

Dwelling House, Smithy, Outhouses, Courtlage, and Offices, No. 26, Old Town Street.

Jane Skardon

Edwin Henry Debnam, John Edward Kingston.

The Devisees of the 1 - - | James Lee.

Will of William j Hellyer, deceased, i

Edward Smith

Edward Smith - j James Rew

i

William Furze - John Robert Lugg -

Roger Bishop

Paul William Swain, Trustee.

Paul William Swain, Trustee.

Rebecca Langmead

Sarah Butters and William Curtis, Trustees.

Sarah Butters and William Curtis, Trustees.

Abraham Cole, Trustee, William Ball.

John Yabsley

John Dyer

Edward Smith, junior. William Henry Bundle.

John Robert Lugg. Richard Colwill.

John Cross.

Henry May, Richard Tremeer, William Gibbons, Alice Sarah Izdebski.

John Dyer.

John Gribble.

Herbert Morris.

William Ball.

501

No. on Plan. Description of Property proposed to be taken. Names of Owners or reputed Owners. ' i Names of Lessees or 1 reputed Lessees. t Occupiers.

28 Dwelling House, Shop, Store, Passage, Outhouses, and Court-lage, No. 27, Old Town Street. Abraham Colo, Trustee. James Armstrong, William Armstrong, and Samuel Walter Rowse. John Windeatt, James Armstrong, William Armstrong. and Samuel Walter Rowse.

29 Dwelling House, Three Shops, Passage, Courtlage, and Outbuildings, No. 1, Russell Street. John Hicks JosephHundrey, Richard Bennett.

30 Dwelling House, Shop, Courtlage, and Outbuildings, No. 42, Frankfort Street. John Hall Parlby - William Brooks Bartlett. William Brooks Bartlett.

31 Dwelling House, Shop, Courtlage, and Outbuildings, No. 43, Frankfort Street. Samuel Foster Elizabeth Cook, William Cook. Elizabeth Cook, William Cook.

32 The " Queen's Head" Beershop, Courtlage, and Outbuildings, No. 45, Frankfort Street. George Ryall j j i Thomas Charlick. i

33 Dwelling House, Two Shops, and Courtlage, No. 46, Frankfort Street. John Hicks i r: 1 John Woolland.

34 The " First of August " Beershop, Tenement, Garden, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 20, King Street. Elizabeth Roberts Edmund Every. Anthony Luke. William Kennedy, Frederick Roberts.

35 Dwelling House, Shop, Tenement, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 21, King Street. Devisees of the Will of William Smale. Humphrey Badge.

36 Portion of Garden in front of No. 24, Clarendon Place. John Bayly, Jame9 May. Jemima Dabb.

37 Dwelling House, and Shop, No. 16, Whim-pie Street, at the Corner of Old Town Street. Anthony Harvie - John Masters; John Masters. 1

38 Dwelling House, Garden, Outhouses, and Courtlage, in Tot-hill Lane. William Waller | I I William Waller, Richard King, Joseph Collier.

39 Dwelling House, Shop, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 4, Bilbury Street, Corner of Charles Street. John Norrish Mary Oliver Mary Oliver. 1 i

40 Dwelling House, No.l, 1 Charles Street. Elizabeth Hockins 1 m m Mary Ellis.

28 & 29 VICT. 3 S

No.

on

Plan.

41

42

43

44

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

52

53

54

Description of Property proposed to be taken.

Dwelling House, No.2, Charles Street.

Dwelling House and Offices, No.3, Charles Street.

Dwelling House, No.4, Charles Street.

Workshop and Stable, No. 5, Charles Street.

Dwelling House, No.6, Charles Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, Workshop, Stores, Passage, Outhouse, and Courtlage, No. 11, Woolster Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, and Outhouse, No. 14, Woolster Street.

Stable and Stores, No. 13, Southside Street.

Coal and Hemp Stores, No. 14, Southside Street.

Dwelling House, Gardens, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No.7, Nottingham Place.

Dwelling House, Two Shops, Courtlage, and Outbuildings, No. 29, Notte Street.

Dwelling House, Shop, Bakehouse, Stores, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 32, Notte Street.

Dwelling House, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 14, St. Andrew Street.

Dwelling House, Tenements, Garden, Outhouses, and Courtlage, No. 15, St. Andrew Street.

Names of Owners or reputed Owners. Nunes of Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

1 Elizabeth Hockins. Roger WhitelL

Elizabeth Hockins - William Doble.

Elizabeth Hockins - Jacob Chiltown.

Samuel Head - John Head, John Head the younger, and Samuel Head.

John Roach - William Floyd.

James Holmes Boyle, Ellen Crowley, Harry Lyne Boyle, Robert Boyle. William Martin, Thomas Putt, William Symons, William Clift, Henry Bennett, James Wheeler, James Rew, Edward Cridland, Thomas Harvie, Thomas Yeo, Arthur Wilson, Thomas Owld, Henry Putt, and James Stephens.

Henry Putt ' ' Henry Putt.

Sarah Stanbury - Henry Callard.

Sarah Stanbury - Thomas Pollard, George Rowe.

Henry Terrell,. ., Unoccupied.

Thomas Willcocks Popham, and William Marshall (Trustees).

Francis Gloyne Samuel Southcott - Francis Gloyne, Samuel Southcott.

Elias Ralph May William Hardy Unoccupied.

Watts, Henry Rutland Strathon, and John Greenwood (Trustees).

Joseph Clements Matthews (Trustee). William Maunder, Thomas Prince, Datid Davis, William Mills.

Joseph Clements Matthews (Trustee). William Barnes, James Godfrey, John Dawe, John Wooll&eott, and John Foster,

on

Plan.

Description of Property Names of Owners or Names of Lessees or

proposed to be taken. reputed Owners. 1 ' reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

55

56

57

58

59

60

61

62

63

64

Dwelling House, Shop, Bakehouse, Outhouses, and Court-lage, No. 16, St. Andrew Street.

Wall dividing Providence Street from Clifton Place.

Garden and Passage in front of Dwelling House, No. 5, Summerland Place.

Garden and Passage in front of Dwelling House, No. 11, Summerland Place.

Shop and Passage in front of Dwelling House, No. 72, Co-bourg Street.

Dwelling House, Outhouses, and Court-lage, No. 8, Tavistock Road.

Courtlage, Coal Cellars, and Outhouses, at the Back of No. 10, Tavistock Place.

Courtlage, Garden, and Outhouses at the Back of No. 11, Tavistock Place.

Dwelling House, Shop, and Stores, No. 12, Tavistock Road.

Dwelling House, Shop, Courtlage, and Outbuildings, No. 28, Tavistock Street.

Joseph Clements Matthews (Trustee).

Thomas Harvey -

Caroline Brown (Trustee).

Augustus Ellis, Thomas Ellis, and Isaiah Waterloo Nicholson Keys (Trustees). William Henry Fey (Trustee).

The Legatees under the Will of Thomas Trader, deceased.

Peter Perlee Parker

Parry Mitchell

Jjouisa Cooban

John White McKinlay Millman, and Alfred McKinlay Millman.

- David Henry Granger,

John Curti3, Richard Able, George Nicholls, Thomas Rowe, and Margaret Curtis.

- Thomas Harvey.

- Caroline Brown.

- William Trevena.

- Emanuel Hurrell, Alex-! ander McLachlan.

- Richard Cleverton Smith and George Hicks.

- Peter Perlee Parker.

Parry Mitchell.

George Coker,

- SamuelBrookingKnight.

REDCAR.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, toithin the District of Redcar in the County of York, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health of the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Local Board of Health for the District of Redcar in the County of York have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notiees thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase a certain piece of land for works of street improvement within their District.

504

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Horae Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of Redcar aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to, and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement *

Given under my hand, this Seventh day of April, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gbet.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Piece of Land proposed to be taken, as described in the foregoing Order and shown upon the Plan accompanying the Local Board's Petition, is the following:

No. on Plan. Description of Property proposed to be taken. Names of Owners, Lessees, and Occupie i

1 A piece of laud containing twenty-seven square yards or thereabouts, situate near King Street, and in or about the middle of High Street, in the District of Redcar aforesaid, delineated on the plan deposited at the office of the said Local Board of Health, and coloured red. Ann Blather wick, William Blatherwick, Thomas Blatherwick, Elizabeth Blatherwick, and Thomas Hall.

CARDIFF.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of Cardiff in the County of Glamorgan, for the Purchase of Lands by the Local Board of Health for the aforesaid District for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cardiff in the County of Glamorgan, by the Council of such Borough, acting as the Local Board of Health for that District, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, duly presented a Petition to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid Board to purchase certain pieces of land and certain buildings for works of street improvement

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth the several pieces of land and the several buildings intended to be taken by such Board for such purposes, and the names of the

owner?,

505

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

owners, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land and buildings who have assented, dissented, or are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such land and buildings, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

The said Local Board of Health for the District of* Cardiff aforesaid shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land and premises referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, and in the Petition herein-before referred to and shown upon the plan accompanying such Petition, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement.

Given under my hand this Sixteenth day of May, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

Schedule of Lands and Premises proposed to be taken by the Cardiff Local Board of Health for improving Saint John Street, North Street, and Mill Lane, within the Borough of Cardiff.

No.

OD

Plan.

Description of Property.

Saint John Street

Owners or reputed Owners.

Lessees or reputed Lessees.

Occupiers.

1 House and Shop

2

3

4

5

House and Shop House and Shop House and Shop A Shop and Office and Showroom over.

North Street

Thomas Dalton, Rev. William Powell, and John Harley, as Trustees under the Will of Charles Crofts Williams; Charles Henry Williams.

Same parties Richard Mayze Edward Thomas William James Jacob, John R Jacob, Evan Jacob Harris.

Sarah Davis -

The Cardiff Local Board of Health.

Francis Bissicks.

Christopher Mouls. William Morgan. James Good. Vacant.

6

Part of the Rose and Crown Inn.

7

Part of the Maltsters Arms Inn.

John Boyle and -Charles Stuart, Trustees under the Will of the Marquis of Bute.

Same parties -

- John Wride.

- Philip Williams.

506

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

Ns. on Plan. Description of Property. Owners or reputed Owners. Lessees or reputed Lessees. Occupiers.

8 Mill Lane. A Dwelling House, The Mayor, Alder- Thomas Dalton, Bev. William Evans.

Worksheds, Stables, men, and Burgesses William Powell, and Thomas Lemon.

Buildings, and Yard. of the Borough of John Harley, Exe- William Morgan.

9 Part of the Glamor- Cardiff. The Glamorganshire cutors of the Will of Charles Crofts Williams; Charles Henry Williams; William Williams, Mrs. Ann Powell, Henry Powell, and Walter Powell, Executors of the Will of Thomas Powell; William Evans. The Glamorganshire

ganshire Canal. Canal Navigation Company. Canal Navigation Company.

k

KINGSTON-UPON-HULL.

Provisional Order altering the Kingston-upon-Hull Improvement Act, 1854, in force within the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Kingston-upon-Hull, in their capacity of Local Board of Health for the district of the Borough, and acting in the execution of the Kingston-upon-Hull Improvement Act, 1854, (herein-after called the Improvement Act,) have, under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly presented a Petition to me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal and alteration of certain of the provisions of the said Improvement Act, such said Improvement Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit And whereas in pursuance of the Local Government Act, 1858, inquiry has been directed in the said Borough in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and Report has been made to me thereon by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose. And whereas it is expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament. Now, therefore, in pursuance of the Powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, 1, as one of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State, do by this Order under my hand direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, the Imporvement Act shall be amended as follows, and shall take effect accordingly; that is to say.

Sections 138, 139, and 140 of the Improvement Act shall be repealed.

Given under my hand this Seventh day of April, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

Guildford.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

507

GUILDFORD.

Provisional Order repealing a Local Act in force within the District of the Guildford

Local Board.

WhereA8 the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Guildford in the County of Surrey, by the Council of the said Borough acting as the Local Board for the District of Guildford aforesaid, have duly presented a Petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the repeal of a certain Local Act of Parliament in force within the Town oi Guildford, the said Act having relation to the purposes of the said Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit; that is to say.

An Act passed in the Fifty-second year of the reign of King George the Third (Cap. 51.), intituled An Act for paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of " Guildford in the County of SuiTey."

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for such purpose, in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — ^The said Local Act of 52 Geo. 3. cap. 51. shall be repealed, and the powers,

authorities, and duties of the Paving Commissioners for the time being acting in execution of such Local Act shall cease.

2. — All property and estate of the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said

Local Act shall be transferred to the said Local Board, and shall, as near as circumstances will permit, be held by the said Local Board upon the same trusts, and for the same purposes, as by such Commissioners.

3. — All debts, monies, and securities for money contracted or payable by such Commissioners shall be satisfied by the said Local Board out of such parts of the said transferred property and estate as would have been chargeable therewith if this Order had not been made, and shall be paid and satisfied by the said Local Board as by such Commissioners.

4. -^Provided always, that if such property and estate be insufficient for that purpose,

the deficiency shall be charged upon the rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, 1858, in the parts only which would have been chargeable with such deficiency if this Order had not been made *

5. " — If any officer to the Commissioners acting in execution of the said Local Act shall,

by reason of the repeal of the said Act, be superseded, or if he shall be removed from his office, and not be employed and retained in an office of equal value by the said Local Board, he shall be entitled to have an adequate compensation for the profits, salary, and emoluments of the said office, the said compensation to be

by way of annuity or otherwise, and to be assessed by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, upon the report of the said Local Board, to be made within three months after any such person shall have been superseded in his office, £

founded upon a declaration made by such person, setting forth the salary, profits,

and emoluments derived by him and his predecessors for every year during a

period of five years next before the day when he shall have ceased to hold such

office, and such other evidence as the said Local Board may require as to the

amount, nature, and particulars of such profits; and in assessing the same regard

shall

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

shall be had to the manner of his appointment to such office, and his term therein; and the said Local Board shall, from time to time, pay to the person entitled to compensation out of general district rates the money which shall, upon such report, and any appeal or reclamation against the same, be finally awarded by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, as the same shall become due and be payable.

Given under my hand this Fifteenth day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Geet.

RAMSGATE.

Provisional Order for the alteration and amendment of the Bamsgate Improvement Act, 1838, in force within the District nf the Ramsgate Local Board.

Whereas the Commissioners acting in execution of a certain Local Act of Parliament passed in the first and second years of the reign of Her present Majesty (cap. 70.), intituled An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Parish of " Ramsgate in the County of Kent, and for regulating the Police thereof," have duly adopted the Local Government Act, 1858, in and for the said Parish of Ramsgate.

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as a Local Board under and for the purposes of the Local Government Act have, in pursuance of the said Act, presented a Petition to me, ns one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying for the alteration, amendment, and partial repeal of the said Local Act, being an Act in force within the said District having relation to the purposes of the Local Government Act, and not conferring powers or privileges upon any corporation, company, undertakers, or individuals, for their own pecuniary benefit, and for other purposes in such Petition set forth.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been made in the said District by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for such purpose, in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without the confirmation of Parliament.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Local Act aforesaid of 1 & 2 Vict. c. 70. shall be altered and amended as follows,

and shall be read and have effect accordingly: —

The following sections and parts of sections of the said Local Act shall be repealed, that is to say, sections 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, and 39, section 40 except so much of the same as relates to lighting, sections 41, 42, 44 and 45, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51, sections 63 and 64, 66 to 74, both inclusive, 81 to 86, both inclusive, and 89 to 125, both inclusive, sections 133 to 153, both inclusive, and 174 to 189, both inclusive, except so much of section 176 as provides for the application and payment of penalties to be imposed under the said Local Act: Provided nevertheless, that sections 81 to 86 inclusive shall continue in full force and unrepealed lentil the Local Board shall have made byelaws under the 68th section of the Towns Police Clauses Act, 1847, and such byelaws shall have come into operation, and that sections 134 to 152, both inclusive, shall continue in force and unrepealed as to all rates already made under section 133.

2. — The officers and other persons appointed by the said Commissioners under the said

Local Act shall be continued, without the necessity of reappointment, and all such officers shall act, and all securities given by them shall continue in force, as if the appointment had been made and the securities given under the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858.

3. — The 61st section of the said Local Act shall be altered by inserting therein after the word " furiously," now forming part of that section, the words "to the

common

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108. 509

common danger of the passengers in any street or thoroughfareand by inserting therein after the word " baggage," now forming part of the same section, the words following," or who shall draw any timber, stone, or other weighty article " without the same being placed upon or suspended from a wheeled carriage " proper for that purpose, or who shall cause any tree or timber to be drawn in " or upon any timber carriage without having to guide and direct the hind " wheels of such carriage a person who shall not be under the age of eighteen " years, and who shall be of sufficient strength to guide and direct the same by" means of a rope or chain attached to the steerer thereofand also by inserting therein after the word <f neighbourhood," now forming part of the same section, the words following, that is to say, "or use any threatening, abusive, or " insulting words or behaviour with intent to provoke a breach of the peace, or " whereby a breach of the peace may be occasioned, or shall by word of mouth,

" 'card, handbill, or otherwise pertinaciously solicit or ply any person to use any " hotel, lodging-house, eating-house, or public-house, or booking office, or to give " his custom to any tradesman, owner of a bathing machine or shop, or to hire or " travel by any coach, omnibus, van, chaise, fly, public carriage or railway, boat,

" vessel, or to hire or use any bathing machine, horse, mule, or ass."

4. — The 62nd section of the said Local Act shall be altered by expunging therefrom the two words " such like," now forming part of such section, immediately before the word "carriage and the 128th section of the said Local Act shall be altered by inserting therein after the words " Ramsgate or," now forming part of that section, the words following (" except in accordance with such regulations as the " said Commissioners may from time to time prescribe in that behalf"), and also by inserting therein immediately before the word " provided," now forming part of the said section, the words following," And in case any person shall at any u time hereafter in the said Parish of Ramsgate expose anything for sale in any " grounds, garden, promenade, or esplanade, unless with the consent of the owner " of such grounds, garden, promenade, or esplanade, or other person authorized " to give such consent, such person shall for every such offence forfeit and pay a " sum not exceeding forty shillings."

6. And whereas constables have been appointed under the 76th section of the said Local Act, and a fund has been raised for the superannuation allowances to such constables: there shall be added to the said 76th section the following proviso; viz., that all monies heretofore raised by weekly contributions out of the wages of constables appointed and sworn under the said Act, and from other sources, and now forming a fund in the nature of the Superannuation Fund, and the securities wherein the same is or may be invested, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the treasurer of the said Commissioners for the time being, and shall be transferred and paid to such treasurer accordingly, to be held by him as herein-after is mentioned.

6. — There shall be deducted from the pay of every constable belonging to the Police Force of the Parish of Ramsgate a sum after such yearly rate as the said Commissioners acting as a Local Board therein shall direct, not exceeding 21 10$. in the 100/., which sum so deducted, and also the monies accruing from stoppages from any of the said constables during sickness, and fines imposed on any of the said constables for misconduct, and from moieties or other shares of fines and penalties awarded to informers, being police constables, on summary conviction by justices, shall be paid to the treasurer of the said Local Board, and the same, together with the monies and securities herein-before directed to be paid and transferred to such treasurer, shall be invested in such manner as the said Local Board shall direct, and the interest and dividends thereof, or so much thereof as shall not be required for the purposes herein-after mentioned, shall be invested in the like manner and accumulate so as to form a Superannuation Fund, and shall be applied from time to time for payment of such superannuation or retiring allowances or gratuities as may be ordered by the said Local Board; and the said Local Board shall guarantee the security of the said Superannuation Fund, and 28 & 29 VICT. 3 T make

510

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

make good out of the rates to be levied by them any deficiency which may arise in such fund from the default of any treasurer or other person entrusted with the custody or management thereof.

7. — It shall be lawful for the said Local Board, if they shall think fit, to order that any

of the constables of their District may be superannuated, and receive thereupon, out of the Superannuation Fund, a yearly allowance, subject to the following conditions and not exceeding the following proportions; that is to say, that if he shall have served with diligence and fidelity for fifteen years and less than twenty years, an annual sum not more than half pay; if for twenty years or upwards, an annual sum not more than two thirds of his pay: Provided that if he shall be under sixty years of age it shall not be lawful to grant any such allowance unless upon a certificate of a surgeon that he is incapable from infirmity of mind or body to discharge the duties of his office: Provided also, that if any constable shall be disabled from any wound or injury received in the actual execution of the duty of his office it shall be lawful to grant him any allowance not more than the whole of his pay; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to entitle any constable absolutely to any superannuation allowance, or to prevent his being dismissed without superannuation allowance.

8. — That the 61st section of the aforesaid Local Act shall be altered by adding to the

nuisances therein included any person who shall sound or play upon any musical instrument or shall sing in any thoroughfare or public place; and for the purpose of protecting householders from such nuisance as aforesaid, the Act of 27 & 28 Vict. cap. 55., intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Street Music within the " Metropolitan Police District," shall be in force within the District of Ramsgate, and for this purpose the first section of the said " Street Music (Metropolis) " Act, 1864," shall be read as if the words " Ramsgate District" were substituted for the words " Metropolitan Police District," and the words " any Constable " acting in and for the Ramsgate District" were substituted for the words " any Constable belonging to the Metropolitan Police Force."

9. — That the 88th section of the aforesaid Local Act shall be altered by enabling the

Ramsgate Commissioners, in addition to providing fire engines, &c., as therein enacted, to purchase and maintain boats, lifebuoys, apparatus, matters, and things for the prevention of drowning, or for the recovery or search for the bodies of drowned persons, and the restoring to animation persons apparently drowned, and to hire or purchase, provide and maintain, all stations, rooms, sheds, and buildings necessary or convenient for such purposes, and to employ and remunerate persons in charge of such rooms, sheds, or buildings, or of such apparatus, or taking part in any of the services herein mentioned.

1ft — All debts and liabilities under the said Local Act shall, so far as the monies to be received thereunder shall be insufficient for payment of the same, be satisfied as debts and liabilities under the Local Government Act; and all expenses under the urirepealed portions of the said Local Act, so far as the monies to be received thereunder shall be insufficient for payment of the same, shall be borne by the rates leviable under the said Local Government Act, as if the purposes for which such expenses were incurred were purposes of the said Local Government Act.

11. — All penalties recoverable under the said Local Act or any of the General Acts before mentioned, or under the Local Government Act, 1858, or any of the Acts incorporated therewith, or imposed or recoverable by or in virtue of any byelaw made in pursuance of or in accordance with this Provisional Order, shall be recoverable in the manner provided by the Act of the session of, the 11th and 12th years of the reign of Her present Majesty, cap. 43., with respect to the Administration of Justice, and shall be applied in the manner provided by the 176th section of the said Local Act

Given under my hand this Second day of June, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed)* G. Gbet.

Ryde.

511

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

RYDE.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Ryde Commissioners acting as Local Board within the District of Ryde in the Isle of Wight. — Local Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted within the boundaries of the District of the Town of Ryde in the Isle of Wight by the Commissioners acting under the provisions of the Ryde Improvement Act, 1854.

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as the Local Board for the said District have duly received powers to borrow, under the Provisions of the Ryde Improvement Act, 1854, and of the Ryde Water Act, 1861, and of the Local Government Supplemental Act, 1863, sums, amounting in the whole to Forty-eight thousand six hundred Pounds (48, 600Z.), to defray the expense of works for the drainage of and supply of water to the said District, and other works of a permanent nature under the aforesaid Acts (of which sums the amount now actually borrowed is 47, 280J.): And whereas a further sum will be required to carry out and complete the said works, but such further sum with the first herein-before mentioned sums will exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Acts and the Local Government Act, 1858, within such District.

And whereas the said Commissioners acting as such Board have now/ under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow for the purpose aforesaid, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Commissioners acting as such Local Board under the powers of the herein-before cited Acts, a sum or sums not exceeding in the whole Nine thousand Pounds (9,000i.), which, with the amount already borrowed, will not exceed in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sura or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted; but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows:—

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, —

1. — The Ryde Improvement Commissioners acting as the Local Board for the District of Rvde in the Isle of Wight aforesaid shall have power and authority to borrow or reborrow, for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works within such District, and on mortgage of the rates leviable by them under the aforesaid Acts, a further sum or sums, such further sum or sums not to exceed altogether Nine thousand Pounds (9,0002.), which, together with the sums already borrowed or sanctioned to be borrowed by such Commissioners now acting as the Local Board aforesaid, will not exceed in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable under such Acts within the aforesaid District; the several aforesaid sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Sixteenth day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

WORKINGTON.

Provisional Order for extending the Borrowing Powers of the Workington Local Board.

Whereas the Local Board for the District of Workington in the County of Cumberland require to carry out, under the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, works of a permanent nature, consisting of works of sewerage and water supply, within their District,

512

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

but the sum that will be required to carry out and complete the said works will, with the sum of 8, 570/. already sanctioned to be borrowed by such Local Board, exceed the assessable value for one year of the premises assessable under the said Act within such District.

And whereas the said Board have now, under the authority of the 78th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, petitioned me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for powers to borrow any sum or sums not exceeding in the whole (with the sum of 8, 570/. already sanctioned to be borrowed) the amount of twenty thousand seven hundred and forty pounds (20, 740/.), on mortgage of the rates leviable by the aforesaid Local Board under the powers of the Local Government Act, 1858, the said sum or sums not exceeding in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable within the District in respect of which such sum or sums may be borrowed.

And whereas, after due inquiry and report by Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed by me for the purpose, I am of opinion that the prayer of such Petition should be granted, but the same cannot be done without the consent of Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the power now vested in me as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as aforesaid, I do hereby, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct as follows: —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this present Order, — The Local Board for the District of Workington in the County of Cumberland shall have power and authority to borrow any sum or sums for the execution and completion of the aforesaid works, being works of a permanent nature, on mortgage of the rates leviable by the said Local Board under the aforesaid Act, the said sum or sums not exceeding twenty thousand seven hundred and forty pounds (inclusive of the sum of 8, 570/. already sanctioned to be borrowed by such Board), that amount (20, 740/.) not exceeding in the whole two years assessable value of the premises assessable under such Act within the aforesaid District; the whole of such sums to be repaid, with interest thereon, within a period of fifty years from the date of the borrowing thereof.

Given under my hand this Eleventh day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

OXFORD.

Provisional Order repealing and altering Parts of Local Acts in force within the District of the Oxford Local Board.

Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted within the University and City of Oxford, the suburbs thereof, and the adjoining Parish of St Clement, by the Oxford Commissioners mentioned and referred to in the 82d section of the Local Government Act aforesaid; and the Local Board for the Oxford District have, in pursuance of the provisions of section 77 of the Local Government Act, 1858, presented a petition to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, praying that the provisions of the Public Health Act, 1848, and the Local Government Act, 1858, respectively, witkjrespect to the paving, pitching, repairing, lighting, and cleansing of the several public streets, lanes, ways, passages, and places within the District, should come into operation therein, and that the powers of the Commissioners with respect to Magdalen Bridge and the Mile-ways, and with respect to Gas works and Gas Supply, should bo transferred to and vested in the said Petitioners; that further provision should be made with respect to the election of members of the Local Board; and that provision should be made for rendering the property in the University and the Colleges and Halls thereof liable to the General District Rates of such Local Board.

And whereas for such purposes the said Petitioners prayed that such of the provisions of the Oxford Local Acts of 1771 and 1781 and 1812 and 1815 and 1848 Respectively as do not relate to the Markets and to the Gasworks and the Gas Supply respectively (which provisions do not confer powers or privileges upon corporations, ootopstiiteS} undertakers,

or

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108. 513

or individuals for their own pecuniary benefit) should be in part repealed and in part amended, and other provisions enacted, and an Order for the purpose under section 77 of the Local Government Act should accordingly be made.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed in the said District in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and Mr. Robert Rawlinson, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, has reported to me thereon.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct that from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The following provisions shall have effect on and after the third Wednesday next

after the day of the passing of the Act confirming this Order.

2. — The provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, relating to the several purposes

included in the five several Local Acts of the 11th year of George the 3rd, chap. 19, and the 21st year of George the 3rd, chap. 47, and the 52nd year of George the 3rd, chap. 72, and the Session of the 5th and 6th years of William the 4th, chap. 69, and the Session of the 11th and 12th years of Her present Majesty, chap. 37, which are respectively in force in the Oxford District (in this Order called the five Local Acts), with relation to any of the purposes of the Public Health Act, 1848, or the Local Government Act, 1858, which have not already come into operation within the District, shall (except only as in this Order is otherwise provided) come into and be in operation in all places within the District.

3. — ^Provided that this Order shall be subject to the several powers and provisions of the

five Local Acts respectively, so far as the same relate to the Tolls to be demanded and taken in respect of Magdalen Bridge and the Mileways, and to the Mortgages of the Tolls and the rights and remedies of the Mortgagees thereof, and to the Markets respectively.

4. — The five Local Acts respectively are by this Order repealed, save only the sections

and provisions thereof following, so far as the same respectively are now in force, that is to say, the sections and provisions of the five Local Acts respectively relating to Magdalen Bridge and the Mileways, and the Tolls to be demanded and taken in respect of the same, and the Mortgages of the Tolls, and the rights and remedies of the Mortgagees thereof, and relating to the Markets, and relating to Gas works and the supply of Gas, and relating to all matters incidental to those matters respectively.

5. — The sections and provisions of the five Local Acts respectively which are so saved, (except the sections and provisions thereof relating to the Markets) shall, so far as

the same respectively are now in force, apply not to the Commissioners but to the Local Board instead of the Commissioners, and shall be read and have effect as if wherever in those sections respectively the Commissioners are named or referred to the Local Board instead of the Commissioners were named or referred to.

6. — All sewers, drains, and other works respectively made by and vested in the Commissioners, and all lands and interests in lands respectively acquired by and vested in the Commissioners for the widening Magdalen Bridge and its approaches and the streets, and all rights incidental to the same respectively, and the benefit and burden of all contracts entered into by or with the Commissioners with respect to the lighting of streets and other public places, and the supplying of paving stone and materials for paving and repairing streets and other public places, and the cartage thereof, and all rates duly assessed under the provisions of the said five Local Acts or any of them, and not collected at the time that this Order shall begin to have effect as first herein-before mentioned, and all other property and effects, rights, and liabilities whatsoever of the Commissioners under the five Local Acta respectively with respect to any of the purposes, thereof other than the purposes thereof relating to the Markets, are by this Order transferred to and vested in the Local Board.

7. — All

514

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

7. — -All the deeds, records, minutes, accounts, account books, minute books, and other

documents, papers, and writings of the Commissioners with respect to any of the purposes of the five Local Acts respectively, other than the purposes thereof with respect to the Markets, shall be the property of the Local Board, and shall forthwith be delivered to them by the Commissioners accordingly, the Local Board giving to the Commissioners, if so required by them, a schedule of and a receipt in writing for the same; but the same shall at ail seasonable times be open to the inspection and transcription of the Commissioners and their agents in that behalf, and, if and when requisite for enforcing any claim or demand by or resisting any claim or demand against the Commissioners, shall, at their request and expense, be produced in any court of law or equity or elsewhere.

8. — Wherever in the Act of the 58th year of George the 3rd, chap. 64, intituled An

u Act for lighting with Gas the University and City of Oxford and the Suburbs " of the same City," the Commissioners are named or referred to, the Local Board instead of the Commissioners shall be deemed to be named or referred to, and that Act shall be read and have effect accordingly.

9. — For the purposes of all Acts from time to time in foroe with respect to the removal

or prevention of nuisances, and also with respect to the well ordering of Common Lodging Houses, the Local Board instead of the Commissioners shall be the Local Authority with respect to the execution of those Acts within the District.

10. — Notwithstanding the repeal of parts of the five Local Acts respectively, and the

transfer by this Order to the Local Board of parts of the property, powers, rights, and liabilities of the Commissioners, and except only as is by this Order otherwise expressly provided, everything before the coming into effect of this Order done, suffered, *and confirmed respectively under or by the five Local Acts respectively shall be as valid as if the repeal and transfer had not happened, and the repeal and transfer and the operation of this Order shall accordingly be subject and without prejudice to everything so done, suffered, and confirmed respectively, and to all rights, liabilities, claims, and demands, both present and future, which, if the repeal and transfer had not happened, would be incident to or consequent on everything so done, suffered, and confirmed respectively; and with respect to everything so done, suffered, and confirmed respectively, and to all those rights, liabilities, claims, and demands, the Local Board shall to all intents represent the Commissioners.

11. — The accounts of the Commissioners with respect to the several purposes of the five

Local Acts respectively, other than the purposes thereof with respect to the Markets, shall forthwith be made up and stated and audited; and if the accounts show a balance in the hands of the Commissioners, then the amount of the balance shall thereupon be paid by them to the Local Board, or if the accounts show that the debts and liabilities of the Commissioners are not fully paid or discharged, then the lawful debts and liabilities of the Commissioners remaining unpaid or undischarged shall be paid or discharged by the Local Board.

12. — Provided that this Order shall not give to the Mortgagees of the Tolls to be

demanded and taken in respect of Magdalen Bridge and the Mileways any security, right, or remedy in excess of the securities, rights, and remedies which they would have if this Order were not confirmed, and shall not relieve the Parishes of Cowley, HHey, and St. Clement, or either of them, nor any person or persons, body or bodies politic or corporate, from any liability with respect to the repair of the Mileways or Magdalen Bridge, and shall not impose on the Local Board any liability with respect to the repair of Magdalen Bridge and the Mileways to which the Commissioners would not be subject if this Order were not confirmed.

13. — If any Bates duly assessed under the provisions of the said five Local Acts shall not have been collected at the time that this Order shall begin and have effect, as first herein-before mentioned, the Local Board shall have all the powers for the recovery of the said uncollected Bates which were heretofore possessed by the said Commissioners, and the monies which shall be collected or recovered shall be applied by the Local Board for their general purposes as if they had been part of a General District Bate.

14. — The

515

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

14. — The accounts of the Commissioners to be made up, stated, and audited, as by this

Order provided, and the accounts of the Local Board, shall be audited by the Auditor of the accounts of the Guardians of the Poor within the City of Oxford, under the Oxford Poor Rate Act, 1854, and there shall be paid to him by the Commissioners, and from time to time by the Local Board respectively, the like remuneration for his services in so auditing their respective accounts as is from time to time paid to him for his services in auditing the accounts of the Guardians.

15. — The Local Board from time to time, if and when they think fit, may, within the district, cleanse any parts of the Rivers Cherwell and Thames or Isis respectively, and of the streams running into those rivers respectively, and may prevent or remove any encroachments on any of those rivers and streams respectively, and may convert any parts of any of those streams into which any sewer or drain is from time to time emptied into a covered sewer, and may do and execute all works and things which the Local Board shall think requisite for or incidental to any of those purposes.

Id. — Where the Local Board shall so convert any part of any of those streams into a covered sewer, the aroh or other covering over the same, and all works executed by them for the purpose of covering over the same and incidental thereto, shall be by this Order vested in the Local Board.

17. — Except as regards any sewer or drain which now is lawfully emptied into any of

those rivers and streams before mentioned, the Local Board may prevent the emptying of any sewer or drain into any of those rivers and streams, and may do and execute all works and things which they shall think requisite in such case.

18. — Where any present or future sewer of the Local Board is within 100 feet from

any sewer or drain which now is lawfully emptied into any of those rivers and streams respectively, the Local Board may divert the sewer or drain so that it shall thenceforth be emptied into the sewer instead of into such river or stream, and may do and execute all works and things which they think requisite in such case; but the Local Board shall not so divert any sewer or drain without providing for it a proper and sufficient outfall into their own sewer.

19. — All properties whatsoever within the District which are or hereafter may be

assessable to any Rate for the Relief of the Poor shall be assessable to the General District Rates to be made and levied by the Local Board, in the same manner in all respects as is provided by Section 55 of the t(Local Government Act, 1858/* and all exemptions from Rates heretofore allowed under any or either of the five Local Acts shall henceforth cease.

20. — The several powers by this Order conferred on the Local Board shall be in addition

to and not in any respect restrictive of their other powers.

21. — Except only as is by this Order expressly provided, nothing in this Order shall

take away, lessen, prejudice, alter, or affect any privilege or right whatsoever of the University, or of any of the Magistrates, Officers, Ministers, or Servants thereunto belonging, or any privilege or right whatsoever of the City, or of any of the Magistrates or Servants thereunto belonging, or any exercise of any such respective privilege or right.

Given under my band this Thirty-first day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

HINCKSEY (Oxford District).

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Oxford, under the Local

Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted within the University tod City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and the adjoining Parish of Saint Clement, by the Oxford Commissioners mentioned in the 82d section of the said Local Government Act,

and

516

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108.

and acting as Local Board under its provisions: And whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77th section of such Act, from the said Commissioners acting as such Board, praying that their District might he extended by including therein a certain detached portion of the Parish of North Hincksey in the County of Berks, as described in their Petition.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and duly held in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand, direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The District of Oxford aforesaid shall be extended by including within its boundaries

all that detached portion of the Parish of North Hincksey in the County of Berks which adjoins the Liberty of Grandpont in the Parish of Saint Aldate in the said County, and is bounded by the Shirelake Ditch, and including the same on the north, Grandpont in the Parish of Saint Aldate on the east, the northern side of the towing-path adjoining the river Isis on the south (excluding such towing-path), and the riyer Isis on the south-west and west, including the said river* and which said portion of the Parish of North Hincksey is shown on the map accompanying such Petition, and is coloured yellow thereon.

2. — The Local Board for the time Jbeing for the District of Oxford shall be the Local

Board for the District as altered by this Order and the Act of Parliament confirming the same.

Given under my hand this Twentieth day of May, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gbet.

COWLEY (Oxford District).

Provisional Order for altering the Boundaries of the District of Oxford, under the Local

Government Act, 1858.

Whereas the Local Government Act, 1858, has been duly adopted within the University and City of Oxford, the Suburbs thereof, and the adjoining Parish of Saint Clement, by the Oxford Commissioners mentioned in the 82d section of the said Local Government Act, and acting as Local Board under its provisions: And whereas a Petition has been duly presented to me, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, under the provisions of the 77th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, from owners and ratepayers of the Parish of Cowley, comprising the Townships of Church Cowley and Temple Coffey, partly in the City and Borough of Oxford and partly in the County of Oxford, praying that the District of the said Oxford Local Board might be extended by including therein certain pieces or parcels of land in the said Parish of Cowley as described in the said Petition, and delineated on the map accompanying the same, the boundary thereof being coloured brown thereon.

And whereas, in pursuance of the said Local Government Act, inquiry has been directed and duly held in respect of the several matters mentioned in the said Petition, and report has been made to me thereon by Robert Rawlinson, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose.

And whereas it appears expedient to issue a Provisional Order in relation to the said matters, but no such Order can be valid without confirmation by Parliament,

Now,

517

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 108, 109.

Now, therefore, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the said Local Government Act, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do, by this Provisional Order under my hand direct, —

That from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The District of Oxford aforesaid shall be extended by including within its boundaries

the two meadows numbered and 2 on the map annexed to the award dated the twenty-eighth day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifty-three of the valuer acting in the inclosure of the open fields of Cowley, the Marsh, Bullingdon Green, and Elder Stubbs, situate in the Parishes of Cowley, Iffley, and Saint Clement, in the County of Oxford, and which lie on the west side of Mngdalen Bridge and between the branches of the river Cherwell there; and also all and so much of the said Parish of Cowley, including Church Cowley and Temple Cowley, as lies between and is bounded on the north, north-west, and west by the river Cherwell and the stream leading out of the same to the private road bounding the allotment numbered 3 on the said award, and bounded on the south by the said private road and on the east by the Henley Mileway; and also so much of the Parish of Cowley as lies between and is bounded by the Henley Mileway on the west, the Cowley Mileway on the east and north-east, and the road called Magdalen Road on the south or south-east; also the allotment numbered 40 on the said award, lying on the south side of the said Magdalen Road; also so much of the parish of Cowley as lies north or north-west of the Divinity Footway and east or north-east of the Cowley Mileway; also that part of the said Henley Mileway which extends from the Saint Clement's Turnpike to the first part of the same mileway marked as belonging to Iffley, and tinted yellow on the map annexed to the said award; also the whole of the Magdalen Road and so much of the Cowley Mileway as extends from the Divinity Footway to Saint Clement's Turnpike, and is not in the Parish of Saint Clement; and also all other such parts, if any, of the Parish of Cowley as are not herein-before described and are in the Borough of Oxford.

2. — The Local Board % for the time being for the District of Oxford shall be the Local

Board for the District as altered by this Order and the Act of Parliament confirming the same.

Given under my hand this Twentieth day of May, in the year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Grey.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for transferring the Ulster Canal to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, being an Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Lough Erne in the County of Fermanagh to the River Blackwater near the Village of Charlemont in the County of Armagh, which Act was amended by an Act of the Session held in the Ninth Year of His said late Majesty, Chapter tyinety-six, and by a further Act of the Session held in the Tenth Year of His said late Majesty, Chapter One hundred and nine, and by a further Act of the Session held in the Second Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifty-six: And whereas considerable Progress was made in the Execution of the said Canal, being commonly called the Ulster Canal, by the Company authorized to be formed and incorporated by the said firstly-recited Act, under the Style of the Ulster Canal Company: And whereas, the Commissioners acting in the Execution of an Act made and passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of Ilia late Majesty King George the Third, being an Act to authorize 28 & 29 Vict. 3 U the

6 G.4. c. 193.

9 G. 4. c. 96.

10 G. 4. c. 109.

1 & 2 W. 4. c. 56.

S18

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 109.

the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money to a limited Amount out of the ' Consolidated Fund for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and of the subsequent Acts amending the same (which Commissioners were ' then commonly called the Exchequer Loan Commissioners), did on or about the Twelfth ' Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, under the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Acts or some of them, consent to advance to the said Ulster Canal

Company a Loan of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by Six several Instal- merits of Twenty thousand Pounds each: And whereas Three of the said Instalments (were respectively advanced to the said Canal Company on the Twelfth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, the Fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and the Thirteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and the Repayment thereof secured to the said Loan Commissioners by Three several Indentures of Mortgage, under the Common Seal of the slid ' Canal Company, bearing Date respectively the Twelfth Day of August One thousand ' eight hundred and thirty-three, the Fourteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and the Thirteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-c five, whereby, for the Considerations therein mentioned respectively, the said Canal ' Company conveyed to John Streltel Brickwood, the Secretary of the said Commissioners, all the Rates and Tolls of the said Canal receivable under the said Acts authorizing and ' enabling the Construction of the same, and all the Freehold and Leasehold Tenements and Premises of the said Company, subject to Redemption on Payment by the said ' Company of the said Principal Sums so advanced, and of all Interest thereon, by such

6 W. 4. c. 72. Instalments as were thereby provided: And whereas an Act was passed in the Sixth Year ' of His said late Majesty King William the Fourth, being an Act to amend and enlarge ' the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster 1 Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh, Monaghan, and Armagh in Ireland, and thereby 6 the said Canal Company was empowered to make certain Deviations from the Line

or Course of the said Canal, and to make and maintain a certain Reservoir at Quigalough

in the County of Monaghan, for the Purpose of supplying the said Canal with Water,

with Aqueducts, Pipes, and other Works necessary for such Reservoir, and for the f Purpose of such Deviations and of such Reservoir and other Works; and the said ' Company was empowered to acquire other Lands as therein provided; and it was thereby ' enacted, that all Powers, Authorities, Lands, Works, and Property whatsoever which should become vested in the said Company by virtue of the said Acts should form Part ' of the Premises and Property so assigned and conveyed by way of Mortgage to the ' said John Strettel Brickwood as aforesaid: And whereas Three several further Sums ' of Twenty thousand Pounds each were advanced by the said Loan Commissioners to the said Canal Company, and by Three several further Indentures of Mortgage ' of the said Canal and Undertaking, bearing Date respectively the Seventh Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and the Ninth Day of Mag One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the Repayment of the said Three several last-mentioned ' Sums was secured to the said Commissioners, payable by Instalments as therein respec-c tively provided: And whereas by virtue of the Provisions of the said Six several (Indentures of Mortgage it was provided, that the said Six several Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds should be repaid by the Payment of Six several Sums of Five thousand ' Pounds each on the Twelfth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-

eight, and by Fifteen subsequent equal yearly Instalments on the Twelfth of August in the ' Fifteen subsequent Years: And whereas by a certain Indenture of Mortgage, bearing i Date the Thirty-first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty, and made

between the said Ulster Canal Company of the First Part, Sir John Fox Burgogne, Brooke (Taylor Ottley, and John Radcliffe, Esquires, Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland,

of the Second Part, and Henry Richard Paine, then Secretary to the said Commissioners of Public Works, of the Third Part, in consideration of a further Sum of Ten thousand ' Pounds agreed to be advanced by the said Commissioners of Public Works to the said

Ulster Canal Company, all the said Canal and Undertaking, and the Rents and Tolls

thereof, and all the several Hereditaments and Premises in the said Indenture of Mortgage

particularly

519

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, o. 109.

particularly described, and acquired by the Canal Company for the Purpose of their said

Undertaking, were conveyed to the said Henry Richard Paine as such Secretary as aforesaid (subject nevertheless to the said Securities of the said Loan Commissioners), by way

of Mortgage, and in order to secure the Repayment of the said Sum of Ten thousand

Pounds by certain half-yearly Instalments as therein provided s And whereas by a certain

Indenture of Demise bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and made between the said John S. Bricktcood of the one Part, and

William Dargan of the other Part, after reciting the said Six several Indentures of

Mortgage firstly herein-before mentioned, and reciting, as the Fact was, that the whole of the said Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds was due and unpaid, the said

John Strettel Bricktcood, as such Secretary as aforesaid, and by virtue of the Statutes ' enabling the said Commissioners in that Behalf, demised all the said Canal and Under-

taking, and the Rates and Tolls thereof, to the said William Dargan, for the Term of ' Fourteen Years, computed from the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred ' and fifty-one, subject to the yearly Rent of Four hundred Pounds, and to a further Rent 1 of Twenty Pounds for every One thousand Tons of Traffic on the said Canal exceeding ' Twenty thousand Tons, in manner therein mentioned: And whereas the said Lease ' expired by Effluxion of Time on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred

and sixty-five: And whereas no Part of the said Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand

Pounds so advanced by the said Public Loan Commissioners, or of the said Sum of Ten

thousand Pounds advanced by the said Commissioners of Public Works, has ever been repaid, but the same, together with large Arrears of Interest thereon respectively, still remain due and owing, and the whole Amount so due on Foot of the said Securities greatly exceeds the Value of the said Canal and Undertaking and Premises so subject to the said Mortgages, and the said Canal has long since ceased to be occupied or worked by the said Canal Company, and the same is now in possession of the said Public Works Loan Commissioners: And whereas the said Canal and Works have fallen into Disrepair 1 in many Places, and it is expedient that Provision should be made for the Repair thereof, and it may be necessary to acquire further Rights in Water for the Supply of the same, and also to construct further Works in connexion with the said Canal, and it is expedient

to transfer the said Canal and Undertaking and all Property thereof to the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, for the Purposes herein-after expressed:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L All the said Canal called the Ulster Canal, and all the Undertaking of the same, together with all the Powers, Privileges, and Authorities vested in the said Ulster Canal Company by any of the Acts constituting or enabling such Company, whether of levying and receiving Tolls, Rates, or otherwise, and all the Works and Property of the said Company, and all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at any Time heretofore acquired by or vested in the same Company, together with all the Appurtenances thereof, and all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest of the said Company in or to the same, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be vested in the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, freed and discharged from all Estates, Charges, and Incumbrances heretofore made, permitted, or suffered by the said Canal Company.

2. The said Commissioners of Public Works, for the Purposes of this Act, shall be incorporated under the Style of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, to be by them made, and from Time to Time altered, as they shall think fit

3. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Sanction of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to acquire any'Waters, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which may be necessary or convenient for the said Canal, either by Purchase or by way of Lease.

3 U 2

4, For

Indenture of Demise dated 26th March 1851.

Canal and Undertaking transferred to the Commissioners of Public Works in Irelann.

Commissioners of Public Works to be a Corporation for Purposes of this Act

Power to " acquire Water and Lands, &c.

Railway

Companies Acts available.

Commissioners may sell or demise.

Sale or Lease valid.

Commissioners to possess the Powers of the Canal Company.

Application of Tolls, Rates, &c.

Enactments in I&2W.4. c. 33. extended to this Act.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 109.

4. For the Pupose of empowering the said Commissioners to purchase or take any such Waters, Lands, or Hereditaments, and of enabling all Corporations, Bodies Politic, and other Persons to convey the same, and for the Purpose of ascertaining the Purchase Money or Compensation to be paid for the same, and the Disposition of such Purchase Money or Compensation, all and every the statutory Enactments now in force, and enabling any Railway Company in Ireland to acquire Lands for the Purpose of its Undertaking, shall be deemed to be incorporated with this Act, and the said Commissioners shall be deemed the Promoters, and this Act shall be deemed the Special Act, within the Meaning of the said statutory Enactments.

5. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Public Works, with the Sanction of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, to sell and convey or lease the said Canal and Undertaking, and all the Lands, Tenements, Waters, and other Matters and Things appurtenant to the same, for such Price, or, in the Case of any stich Lease, for such Term of Years, at such Rent, and with or without the Payment of any Fine, and generally upon such Terms as the said Commissioners of Public Works may think proper; aritrevery Conveyance or Lease of the said Canal and Undertaking in pursuance of this Act shall be effectual to transfer to the Purchaser or Lessee all the Premises expressed to be thereby Conveyed or demised, for all the Estate purporting to be thereby transferred, freed and discharged of all prior Estates, Charge?, and Incumbrances created or suffered by the said Canal Company or their Assigns.

6. Any such Sale and Conveyance or Lease (as- the Case may be) may be made to any Person or Persons, or to any public Company which may be empowered to purchase the said Canal and Premises, or to take the same on Lease.

7. The said Commissioners of Public Works, so long as they may manage the said Canal,

mid every such Person or Persons or public Company as aforesaid, from and after such Purchase or Lease, and so long as the said Canal and Premises shall be vested in such Purchasers or Lessees, shall possess all the Rights, Authorities, and Privileges, and be subject to all the Liabilities, which the said Canal Company would have possessed or Would have been subject to had such Canal Company continued to possess and manage the said Canal and Premises.

8. All Sums of Money received by the said Commissioners of Public Works in respect of any such Sale or Lease as aforesaid, and the Surplus of nil Monies received by them for Rates, Tolls, and Profits in the Management of the said Canal, and which shall remain after defraying the current Expenses thereof, shall be applied in the first place to the Payment of all Sums due for Principal and Interest on Foot of the Advances of public Money sp made to the said Canal Company in the Manner herein-before mentioned, and the Interest due thereon, and in the next place to the Payment of all Sums advanced and Expenses incurred by virtue of this Act, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Four per Centum per Annum from the Time such Advances shall have been made or Expenses incurred, or in such other Manner as the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time direct.

9. And be it enacted, That the several Enactments contained in an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland, which affect or relate to any Action or Suit to be commenced against the Commissioners for the Execution of the last-recited Act, or any Person or Persons, for anything done by virtue of or in pursuance of the hist-recited Act, or any Proceedings in any such Action or Suit, or any Limitation of Time for the Commencement thereof, or any (Costs thereof, or any Evidence to be given therein, or any Notice of Action or Suit, or Satisfaction or Tender thereof, or any Action or Suit to be commenced by the said Commissioners, or any Proceedings therein, or any Abatement or Discontinuance of any such Action or Suit, or to the Court in which, or to the Terms^or Conditions on which, any such Action or Suit shall be brought. against the riaid Commissioners,

., /. j., v., *i. i .* icollectively

521

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 109, 110.

collectively or individually, shall, so far as the same are applicable, be held to apply to and extend to any Action or Suit to be commenced against the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, or any Person or Persons, for anything done by virtue of, or in pursuance of, or on account of this Act, or to any Proceedings in or relating to any such Action or Suit.

CAP. CX.

An Act to confirm a certain Provisional Order under "The Local Government Act, 1858," relating to the Hastings District.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the Secretary of State for the Home Department, being One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, has, under the Provisions of the Local Government Act, 1858, duly made a certain Provisional Order which is contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and it is provided by the aforesaid Local Government Act

that no such Order shall be of any Validity whatever until it shall have been confirmed

by Parliament, and it is expedient that the said Order should be so confirmed Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament .assemble and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisional Order contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed shall, from and after the passing of this Act, so far os it is authorized by the Local Government Act, 1858, and the Acts incorporated therewith, be absolute, and be as binding and of the like Force and Effect as if the Provisions of the same had been expressly enacted in this Act.

2. This Act shall be deemed to be incorporated with the Local Government Act, 1858, and shall be as if this Act and the said Local Government Act were One Act.

3. In citing this Act in any other Act of Parliament, or in any Proceeding, Instrument, or Document whatever, it shall be sufficient to use the Words and Figures " The Local Government Supplemental Act, 1865" (No. 4).

SCHEDULE of Provisional Order referred to in the preceding Act.

Hastings. — Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Hastings Local Board of Health, for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Street Improvements.

HASTINGS.

Provisional Order putting in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, within the District of the Hastings Local Board of Healthy for the Purchase of Lands by the said Board for Street Improvements.

Whereas the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Hastings in the County of Sussex, by the Council of the said ^Borough, being the Local Board of Health in and for the District of Hastings in the said Borough, to which the Public Health Act, 1848, has been duly applied, have, in pursuance of the provisions of the 75th section of the Local Government Act, 1858, and after complying with the requirements of that section by duly giving and serving all notices thereby directed, presented a Petition, under the Seal of the said Local Board, to one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, for authority to put in force the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, to enable the aforesaid

Provisional Order in Schedule confirmed.

Act incorporated with 21 & 22 Vict. c. 98.

[Short Title.]

522

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 110, 111.

aforesaid Local Board of Health to purchase certain pieces of land for the purpose of widening and otherwise improving the road in the said Borough known as Ore Lane, and shown on the plan accompanying such Petition, such land and buildings being all situate within the District of the said Local Board.

And whereas the said Petition duly set forth in the Schedule annexed thereto the several pieces of land intended to be taken by such Board for such purpose, and the names of the owner, lessees, and occupiers of the aforesaid land, who have assented, dissented, and are neuter in respect of the taking thereof, or who have returned no answer to the notice issued by such Board; and such Petition prayed that the said Board might, with reference to such lands, be allowed to put in force the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act aforesaid, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement; and on the receipt of such Petition, Her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department directed Robert Morgan, Esquire, the Inspector appointed for the purpose, to visit the said District, and the said Inspector has now inquired in the District aforesaid into the subject matter of such Petition, and has duly reported thereon.

Now, therefore, I, as one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, do hereby, in pursuance of the powers vested in me by the Local Government Act, 1858, make Order and direct, —

That, from and after the passing of any Act of Parliament confirming this Order, —

1. — The Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Hastings, by the Council of the said Borough, being the Local Board of Health for the District of Hastings in that Borough, shall be empowered to put in force, with reference to the land referred to and described in the Schedule to this Order annexed, the powers of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, with respect to the purchase and taking of land otherwise than by agreement

Given under my hand this Twenty-first day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

(Signed) G. Gret.

Schedule referred to in the preceding Order.

The Pieces of Land proposed to be taken as described in the foregoing Order are the following: —

Description of Land. Owner. 1 | Occupiers.

All those Pieces or Parcels of Arable and Pasture Land and Brickyard, contain- I ing 3 Roods 14^ Perches, or there- | abouts, in the Parish of St. Mary in I the Castle and Ore in Hastings, particularly described and delineated in the 1 Plan accompanying the Local Board of Health's Petition. 1 Charles Hay Frewen, Esq., of Coghurst Hall near Hastings. John Howell. Alfred Banks. Edmund Chapman. Henry Phillips. James Field.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to regulate the Disposal of Money and Effects under the Control of the Admiralty, belonging to deceased Officers, Seamen, and Marines of the Royal Navy and Marines, and other Persons.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and " Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L This

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 111. 523

1. This Act may be cited as The Navy and Marines (Property of Deceased) Act, short Title. 1865.

2. In this Act — Interpretation The Term " the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom, of Terms.

or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral:

The Term " Officer" means a Commissioned, Warrant, or Subordinate Officer, or Assistant Engineer, in Her Majesty's Naval or Marine Force:

The Term w Seaman or Marine" means a Petty Officer or Seaman, Non-commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or other Person forming Part, in any Capacity, of the Complement of any of Her Majesty's Vessels, or otherwise belonging to Her Majesty's Naval or Marine Force (not being an Officer within the Meaning of this Act), or a Petty Officer or Man of the Royal Naval Reserve or Naval Coast Volunteers:

The Term " Representation " includes Probate and Letters of Administration, with or without Will annexed:

The Term <c Representative" means any Person taking out Representation:

The Term " Person " includes a Corporation.

3. On the Death of any Person being or having been an Officer, Seaman, or Marine, Residue the Amount (if any) to the Credit of the Deceased in the Books of the Admiralty, in belonging to respect of Sale of Effects, Arrears of Pay, Wages, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grants, officers

or other Allowances in the Nature thereof, or other Money payable by the Admiralty Seamen ', or (which Amount is hereafter in this Act, with reference to every such Case, called the Marines. Residue), shall be disposed of according to the Provisions of this Act.

4. On the Death of any Person being or having been employed in any of Her Majesty's Residue Dockyards or other Naval Establishment, or in any of the Civil Departments of the Navy, to

or entitled to an Allowance from the Compassionate Fund, or of any Widow entitled to a Persons in Pension on the Establishment of the Navy, the Amount (if any) due by the Admiralty Civil Service (which Amount is hereafter in this Act, with reference to every such Case, called the of Nav7-Residue), shall be disposed of according to the Provisions of this Act.

5. Where the Residue exceeds One hundred Pounds the Admiralty shall dispose thereof by paying it to the Representative of the Deceased.

6. Where the Residue does not exceed One hundred Pounds it shall not be necessary for any Purpose that Representation to the Deceased be taken out; but in any Case the Admiralty may, if they think fit, require Representation to be taken out, and, if on that Requisition or otherwise, Representation is taken out, then the Admiralty shall dispose of the Residue by paying it to the Representative.

Residue exceeding 100/. to be paid to Representative. Residue not exceeding 100/. to be paid to Representative, if any.

7. In the Case, nevertheless, of a Seaman or Marine, the Admiralty shall not be bound Power to to pay the Residue (whatever be its Amount) to the Representative of the Deceased, if Representation has been taken out either by a Creditor as such, or by any Person before Repre without such Certificate respecting the Title to Representation having been first obtained sentation. from the Admiralty, or such other Regulations or Conditions having been duly observed or performed, as is or are prescribed by Order in Council; and in any such Case the Admiralty shall dispose of the Residue in pursuance of this Act as if Representation had not been taken out.

8. Where the Residue does not exceed One hundred Pounds, and Representation is Residue not not taken out, then, subject to the other Provisions of this Act, the Admiralty shall, as soon dgno as may be, dispose of the Residue as follows:— Representati<

(1.) They shall, if they think fit, pay the Residue to any Person showing herself or Power to himself to their Satisfaction to be entitled to take out Representation to the ^[dj)t^0&c Deceased (otherwise than as a Creditor) — to the end that the Residue may be 1 ow' c' applied by the Person to whom it is so paid in a due Course of Administration; and the same shall be so applied accordingly (for which Application the Admiralty may require such Security as they think fit):

(2.) Or

524 28" & 29° VICTORIAE, c. lll.

(2.) Or else the Admiralty shall, if they think fit, pay to the Persona (if any) beneficially interested in the Residue their respective Shares thereof:

(3.) And in Cases where the foregoing Provisions of the present Section do not apply, and the Amount of the Residue appears to the Admiralty insufficient to cover the Expense of Representation, the Admiralty shall dispose of the Residue in manner prescribed by Order in Council.

Admiralty not 9, In the Case of a Seaman or Marine, the Admiralty shall not pay the Residue or t^NwnUiee of any ^art thereof to RU7 Nominee of the Representative of the Deceased or of a Person Representative, entitled to take out Representation to the Deceased, whether such Nominee be appointed by Power of Attorney or otherwise, unless in special Circumstances it appears to the Admiralty safe and proper to make such Payment to any such Nominee.

Admiralty not 10. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, the Admiralty shall not in any Case ResidueSforf dispose of the Residue or any Part thereof otherwise than by paying the same to the

Thi^Montha Representative of the Deceased, until after the Expiration of Three Months from the

&c. Receipt by the Admiralty of Notice of the Death, unless in special Circumstances it

appears to the Admiralty safe and proper to dispose of the Residue or any Part thereof at an earlier Time.

Provision for 11, In the Case of a Seaman or Marine, where Representation is not taken out, the £Koff Admiralty shall before disposing of the Residue or any Part thereof satisfy out of the

Residue. Residue (as far as the s^nae will extend) any Debt of the Deceased of which they have

Notice, subject to the following Conditions:

First — That the Debt accrued due within Three Years before the Death:

Second. — That Payment of it is claimed within Two Years after the Death:

Third. — That the Claimant proves the Debt to the Satisfaction of the Admiralty: Fourth. — That Six Months have elapsed from the Receipt by the Admiralty of Notice of the Death, and no Person has shown herself or himself to the Satisfaction of the Admiralty to be entitled to take out Representation to the Deceased.

In any such Case, any Person claiming to he a Creditor of the Deceased shall not be entitled to obtain Payment of his Debt out of any Money being under this Act in the Hands of the Admiralty by any Means or Proceeding whatever except by means of a Claim lodged with the Admiralty and Proceedings thereon under and according to this Act.

12. Nothing in this Act shall prejudicially affect the Claim of any Creditor in respect of a Debt incurred before the Commencement of this Act.

13. The Provisions of this Act relative to the Residue, in the Case of a deceased Officer, Seaman, or Marine, shall extend and apply, mutatis mutandis, to unsold Effects and Money (if any) in charge of the Admiralty.

Disposal of 14. Medals and Decorations belonging to an Officer, Seaman, or Marine dying on Medals and Service shall not be considered as comprised in the Personal Estate of the Deceased with

ecorations. reference to the Claims of Creditors, or for any of the Purposes of Administration under this Act or otherwise; and, notwithstanding anything in this or any other Act, the same shall be held and disposed of according to Regulations prescribed by Order in Council.

Exemptions 15. Where the Residue does not exceed One hundred Pounds and is administered from Duty. and disposed of under this Act without Representation being taken out, it shall not be liable to the Payment of any Duty; and if in any Case the Admiralty under this Act Require Security by Bond for the Application of a Residue in due Course of Administration, the Bond shall be exempt 'from Stamp Duty where an ordinary Administration Bond relative to the same Residue would be so exempt j but this Provision shall not affect any Exemption from Duty existing independently hereof.

Validity of 16. Every Payment or Application of Money, and every Sale or other Disposition of Payments, Property, made by the Admiralty in pursuance of this Act, or of any Order in Council

under this for carrying this Act into effect, shall be good and valid as against all Persons whomsoever;

Act. vi: > / ' and

Saving for

existing

Claims.

Provision as to unsold Effects, &c.

28° $ 29° VICTORIA, o. 1JJ, 112. 52£

and the Admiralty shall be by virtue of this Act absolutely discharged from all Liability in respect of the Money or other Property so paid, applied, or disposed of.

17. Her Majesty in Council may from Time to Time make such Orders in Council may mSke

as seem meet for the better Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act. Orders in

J r Council.

18. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, Orders in

and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the making Co^?c^ thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and if not then within Thirty Days after the next the Londo^ meeting of Parliament. Gsaette.

19. This Act shall commence on such Day, not later than the First Day of January Commence-One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, as Her Majesty in Council thinks fit to ment of Act direct.

Any Order in Council for the better Execution of any of the Purposes of this Act may nevertheless be made before that Day, but not so as to commence before it.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to repeal Enactments relating to Powers of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and to various Matters under the Control of the Admiralty.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act relate either to c " Powers of the Admiralty, or to Protection of the Royal Dockyards, or to Naval and ' Marine Pay and Pensions, or to Wills or Property of deceased Officers, Seamen, and

Marines, and others, or to Matters connected therewith, and the Bame either have ceased

to be in force, or on the Commencement of divers Acts of the present Session will cease ' to be in force, and it is therefore expedient that the same be expressly repealed t '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Enactments described in the Schedule to this Act are hereby repealed; but this Repeal shall not affect the past Operation of any such Enactment, or the Force or Operation of any Order in Council or Regulation or Instruction made or given, or the Validity or Invalidity of anything done or suffered, or any Right* Title, Obligation, or Liability accrued before the Commencement of this Act; nor shall this Act interfere with the Institution or Prosecution of any Proceeding in respect of any Offence committed against or any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred under any Enactment hereby repealed.

2. This Act shall commence on such Day, not later than th6 First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, as Her Majesty in Council thinks fit to direct; nevertheless Her Majesty in Council may, if it seems fit, with reference to any Flaoes out of the United Kingdom, direct that this Act do not, in respect of the Repeal of any of the Enactments in the Schedule described, commence there, respectively, until a Time after that Day, and with respect to every such Place, the Time so appointed shall be deemed the Time of Commencement of this Act.

3» Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published irt the London Gazette, and Publication shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament withiir Thirty Days after the making thereof of Order* in if .Parliament; is then sitting, and if not then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Council* Parliament

Repeal of Enactments in Schedule.

[Commencement of Act.]

4, This Act may he .cited as " Thq Admiralty, tf c. Acta Repeal. Act, 1865."

[Short Title.]

28 & 29 Vict.

3 X

526

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 112

SCHEDULE. ENACTMENTS REPEALED.

9&10 Will.3. c. 41. (9 Will.3. c. 41.in The Statutes of the Realm.) 4 Ann. c. 16. (4&5 Ann. c. 3. in The Statutes of the Realm) in part. 9 Geo. 3. c. 30. An Act for the better preventing the Imbezlement of His Majesty's Stores of War, and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses in paying Seamen's Wages. An Act for the Amendment of the Law and the better Advancement 1 in part, of Justice ---- - j namely, Section Twenty-six. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of Her late Majesty Queen Anne as relates to the Harbour Moorings of the Royal Navy, and for the more effectual Preservation of such Moorings, and Punishment of Persons guilty of stealing or embezzling Her Majesty's Naval Stores, or of Forgery or Perjury in relation to Seamen's Wages.

54 Geo. 3. c. 159. in part. An Act for the better Regulation of the several Ports, Harbours, *^ Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays, and navigable Rivers in I the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks, Dockyards, >in)Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings, and Stores therein; and for [name repealing several Acts passed for that Purpose - - J Sections Two to Nine and Seventeen to Twenty (all inclusive).

57 Geo. 3. c. 118. An Act for authorizing the Executors or Administrators of deceased licensed Navy Agents to receive Prize Money, Bounty Money, and other Allowances of Money upon Orders given to such deceased Agents.

59 Geo. 3. c. 56. 59 Geo. 3. c. 59. An Act to make further Regulations as to the Payment of Navy Prize Orders. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Payment of Wages due to deceased Seamen and Marines, to Wages due to intestate Bastards.

1 Geo. 4. c. 85. 1 & 2 Geo. 4. c. 93. An Act to make further Provisions respecting Naval Prize Money. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied by or for the Naval Service of this Kingdom in the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and for granting certain Powers to the said Principal Officers and Commissioners.

10 Geo. 4. c. 26. in part. An Act for transferring the Management of Greenwich Out-Pen-1. sions and certain Duties in Matters of Prize to the Treasurer >m of the Navy j namely, Sections Eleven, Thirteen, Fourteen, and Thirty-two.

11 Geo. 4. &1 Will. 4. c. 20. in part. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Pay of 1. the Royal Navy - - -j Except Section Eighty.

11 Geo. 4. &1 Will. 4. c. 41. in part. An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Army 1 in part, Pensions - - / namely, Section Three as far as relates to Naval or Marine Pensions.

2 & 3 Will. 4. c. 40. in part. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Business of the Civil 1 Department of the Navy, and to make other Regulations for >: — more effectually carrying on the Duties of the said Department - J Except Sections One, Five, Six, and Seven.

4 & 5 Will. 4. c. 25. An Act to alter and amend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

5 &6 Will.4. c. 24. in part. An Act for the Encouragement of the voluntary Enlistment oYl Seamen and to make Regulations for more effectually manning >in ^)ft. Her Majesty's Navy J n*meV' Section Seven.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 112, 113.

527

7WUL4.& 1 Vict. c. 26. in part. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Wills: in part, namely, Section Twelve.

5 Vict. c. 3. An Act to alter an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy, and an Act of the Fifth Year of King William the Fourth, to alter the Provisions of the said Act.

6 & 7 Vict. c. 58. An Act to enable Her Majesty to acquire Lands for the Enlargement of Her Majesty's Dockyards and for other Naval Purposes.

13 & 14 Vict. c. 62. An Act to alter and extend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

15 & 16 Vict. c. 46. An Act to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of Bang George the Fourth for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

16 & 17 Vict. c. 69. in part. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 19. An Act to make better Provision concerning the Entry and Service 1 of Seamen, and otherwise to amend the Laws concerning Her Majesty's Navy - - -J Sections Three. Eleven, and Nineteen. An Act for facilitating the Payment of Her Majesty's Navy, and-'] 1 in part, f namely,

in part. the Payment and Distribution of Prize Bounty, Salvage, and other Monies to and amongst the Officers and Crews of Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, and for the better Regulation of the Accounts relating thereto Section Thirteen.

[in part, ^namely,

26 & 27 Vict. c. 80. An Act to authorize further Harbour Regulations for the Protection of Her Majesty's Ships, Dockyards, and Naval Stations.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to authorize the Payment of Retiring Pensions to Colonial Governors.

[5th July 1865

WHEREAS it is expedient that Retiring Pensions should be granted in certain c Cases to Officers who have administered the Government of Her Majesty's

Colonial Possessions Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L In this Act the Term " Colony " includes any Plantation, Island, or other Possession within Her Majesty's Dominions, exclusive of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Islands being immediate Dependencies thereof, and exclusive of India as defined by the Act of Parliament of 1858 "for the better Government of " India."

2. The full Rate of Pension herein-after referred to shall be as follows, that is to say:

In the Case of Officers who shall for at least Four Years have administered the Government of any Colony or Colonies in which the Salary of the Governor is not less than Five thousand Pounds, One thousand Pounds:

In the Case of Officers who shall for at least Four Years have administered the Government of any Colony or Colonies in which the Salary of the Governor is not less than Two thousand five hundred Pounds, Seven hundred and fifty Pounds:

3X2 In

Definition of " Colony."

Foil Kate of Pension is herein stated.

528

lledoced Bate.

When full Kate maybe granted.

When reduced Kate may be granted.

Permanent Civil Service not to be counted under this or any other Act. Deductions from Pension on account of Half Pay, &c.

Advancement to higher Rates of Pension.

Person receiving Pension bound to accept Employment till of Age of Sixty; not to relinquish it till Sixty-five.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 113.

In the Case of Officers who shall for at least Four Years have administered the Government of any Colony or Colonies in which the Salary of the Governor is not less than One thousand two hundred Pounds, Five hundred Pounds:

In other Cases, Two hundred and fifty Pounds.

3. The reduced Bate of Pension herein-after referred to shall in all Cases be Two Thirds of the full Rate.

4. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, by Writing under his Hand, grant the full Rate of Pension to any Person who, being of the Age of Sixty, shall have administered the Government of any Colony or Colonies for Periods amounting in the whole to Eighteen Years, or who, being of the Age aforesaid, shall have administers such Government or Governments for Periods amounting in the whole to Ten Years, and shall have been employed in the whole either in such Administration or in the permanent Civil Service of Her Majesty, for Periods amounting in the whole to Twenty-five Years, or to any Person who, having administered such Government or Governments for Periods amounting in the whole to Fifteen Years, shall have established, to the Satisfaction of such Secretary of State, that he is incapable, from Infirmity of Mind or Body contracted while administering his Government, of discharging the Duties of any Office in the Public Service, and that such Infirmity is likely to be permanent.

5. Such Secretary of State may, by such Writing as aforesaid, grant the reduced Bate of Pension to any Person being of the Age of Sixty, who, after having attained the Age of Forty, shall have administered the Government of any Colony or Colonies for Periods amounting in the whole to Twelve Years, or to any Person being of the Age of Sixty, who, after having attained the Age of Forty, shall have administered such Government or Governments for Periods amounting in the whole to Eight Years, and shall have been employed in the whole, either in such Administration or in the permanent Civil Service of Her Majesty, for Periods amounting in the whole to Twenty Years, or to any Person who, having administered such Government or Governments for Periods amounting in the whole to Ten Years, shall have established to the Satisfaction of such Secretary of State that he is incapable, from Infirmity of Mind or Body contracted while administering his Government, of discharging the Duties of any Office in the Public Service, and that such Infirmity is likely to be permanent.

6. No Person whose Claim to a Pension under the Provisions of this Act is founded in part upon his Employment in the permanent Civil Service of Her Majesty shall be entitled to claim a Superannuation Allowance, in respect of the same Employment, under the Provisions of any other Act of Parliament.

7. In case any Person to whom a Pension shall have been granted under the Provisions of this Act shall be or become entitled to any Half Pay, Salary, or other Emolument from any Public Revenue raised, or in respect of any Public Services performed, within Her Majesty's Dominions, his Pension shall be reduced by Half the Amount of such Half Pay, Salary, or Emolument

8. In case any Person to whom a Pension shall have been granted under the Provisions of this Act shall, by reason of his Re-employment, become eligible for any higher Rate of Pension than that already granted him, One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, by such Writing as aforesaid, grant to him such higher Rate of Pension.

9. In case any Person having administered the Government of any Colony and not being of the full Age of Sixty, shall be called upon by Her Majesty to administer the Government of any Colony not being of a lower Class than that on which his Rate of Pension has been, or in case of his Retirement on reaching the Age of Sixty would be calculated, and not being incapable from Infirmity of Mind or Body of administering such Government, shall refuse to administer the same; or if any such Person, not being of the full Age of Sixty-five, shall relinquish such Government without the Permission of Her Majesty, or shall neglect or decline to execute the Duties thereof satisfactorily, the

529

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 113, 114.

said Secretary of State may by Writing under his Hand declare that such Person has forfeited all Claim to any Pension under this Act, and such Claim shall thereupon be forfeited accordingly.

10. In case any Person shall have administered the Government of any Colony or As to Pen-Colonies, and shall have likewise been employed in the permanent Civil Service of Her "on of Pewon Majesty, but shall not have become entitled to any Pension under the preceding Clauses ci^PSeir-of this Act, the Number of Years passed in the Government of such Colony or Colonies vice, shall, for the Purpose of computing any Superannuation Allowance to be granted to such Person under the Superannuation Act, 1859, be taken to have been passed in the permanent Civil Service of Her Majesty, and at the Rate of Salary last received by such Person in respect of his Employment in such permanent Civil Service.

1L Any Person claiming a Pension shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be taken to What to be have been employed in the permanent Civil Service of Her Majesty while holding any Em-

Office which at the Time of his claiming such Pension would entitle the Holder thereof to ci^lerdoe. Superannuation Allowance under the Superannuation Act, 1859.

12. One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State may, with the Consent of Secretary of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, from Time to Time determine under what Ermine when Conditions and to what Extent any Officer shall be deemed for the Purposes of this Act an Officer is to have been administering the Government of any Colony while administering the same mAdnnniatra-provisionally, or while absent from his Government with Permission of Her Majesty; overn-

and for the Purposes of this Act the Commission issued under the Great Seal of the Territory of New South Wales for the Government of the District of Port Phillip shall be

taken to have constituted that District a Colony.

13. All Pensions granted under this Act shall be paid out of such Monies as Parlia- Statement of

ment may provide for the Purpose, and a Statement of all such Pensions shall be laid

11 t r T> r x r be laid before

annually before Parliament. Parliament

24 & 25 Vict. c. 45.

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for confirming, with Amendments, certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under The General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Eastbourne, Clevedon, Herne Bay, Llandrillo, and Pensarn.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under The General (Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, is not of any Validity or Force whatever until the

Confirmation thereof by Act of Parliament:

And whereas the Board of Trade have made certain Provisional Orders: And whereas ' those Orders have been amended by Parliament, and are as so amended set out in the ' Schedule: And whereas it is expedient that the Orders so set out in the Schedule hereto

be confirmed by Act of Parliament: '

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L The Orders set out in the Schedule hereto shall be and are hereby confirmed, and all Orders set out the Provisions thereof in manner ami form as they are set out in the said Schedule shall, coi^nned16 from and after the passing of this Act, have full Validity and Force.

[Short Title.]

2. This Act may be cited as The Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation Act, 1865, (No. 2.)

The

530

Repeal of description of pier in former Order.

Description of pier.

Construction and short titles.

Company need not provide lifeboat, or tide gauge, &c. Commencement of rates.

Power to make byelaws as to articles in Schedules.

Construction and short titles.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

The SCHEDULE of Order*.

1. Eastbourne.

2. Clevedon.

3. Herne Bay.

4. Llandrillo.

5. Pensarn.

SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

EASTBOURNE.

Order for the Amendment of The Eastbourne Pier Order, 1864.

1. Section 5 of the Eastbourne Pier Order, 1864, (hereafter in this Order called the

Order of 1864,) is hereby repealed.

2. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following:

A pier on iron piles commencing at a point on the esplanade opposite Cavendish Place in the town of Eastbourne in the parish of Eastbourne in the county of Sussex, and extending seaward in a south-easterly direction one thousand feet or thereabouts.

3. This Order shall be construed with the Order of 1864 as One Order, and may be cited as The Eastbourne Pier Amendment Order, 1865; and the Order of 1864 and this Order may be cited together as The Eastbourne Pier Orders, 1864 and 1865.

CLEVEDON.

Order for the Amendment of The Clevedon Pier Order, 1864.

1. Sections 16 to 19 (inclusive) of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, shall not be and shall not be deemed to have been incorporated with the Clevedon Pier Order, 1864 (hereafter in this Order called the Order of 1864).

2. As soon as it is certified under the hand of a person appointed by the Board of Trade for the purpose that the Clevedon Pier Company (hereafter in this Order called the Company) have constructed and so far completed any portion of the pier and works authorized by the Order of 1864 as to afford convenient accommodation for the landing and embarking of passengers and goods (although the whole of the pier has not then been completed), the Company may demand and receive the rates which under the Order of 1864 they are entitled to take.

3. The powers given to the Company by The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847, of making byelaws are hereby extended so as to authorize the making by the Company from time to time of byelaws for all or any of the following purposes, namely, —

1. For prohibiting the articles mentioned in the First Schedule hereto, or any of them,

from being landed on, or embarked from, or deposited on the pier at any time:

2. For prohibiting the articles mentioned in the Second Schedule hereto, or any of them,

from being led, carried, or drawn along or deposited on the pier on any day between ten of the clock in the forenoon and one hour after sunset:

3. For prohibiting the articles mentioned in the Third Schedule hereto, or any of them,

from being led, carried, or drawn along or deposited on the pier on any day from the first day of March to the thirty-first day of October, both inclusive, between ten of the clock in the forenoon and one hour after sunset.

4. This Order shall be construed with the Order of 1864 as One Order, and may be cited as The Clevedon Pier Order, 1865; and the Order of 1864 and this Order may be cited together as The Clevedon Pier Orders, 1864 and 1865.

The

531

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. U4.

The Fibbt Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

Ashes.

Blubber.

Bulls.

Cattle.

Corpses.

Gunpowder.

Hides.

Lime.

Manure, either natural or artificial.

Minerals, or other substances containing Article oxide of iron.

Ores. bited

Oxen.

Pigs.

Pitch and tar.

Sheep.

Bags and old rope.

Vitriol; and

All other articles of an offensive or dangerous character, or which in the judgment of the Company may interfere with the comfort of passengers, or the use of the pier for recreation.

The Second Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

Clay.

Coal of any description, including anthracite. Coke.

Culm.

Fish (dried and salted).

Limestone.

All other articles which by their substance passengers or promenaders using the pier.

Oilcake.

Oils.

Paint.

Spars.

Stones.

Tallow, soap and candles; and

or smell are likely to cause annoyance

Article* which may be prohibited between 10 a.m. and one hour after sunset

to

The Third Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

All articles, merchandise or goods whatsoever, except the following things, namely Passengers' luggage, including carriages, horses, and dogs.

Fresh nsh.

Fruits.

Fresh butter.

Eggs.

Milk.

Poultry and game, including hares and rabbits. Mail bags or boxes.

Soldiers' arms or accoutrements.

Articles which may be prohibited between 10 a.m. and one hour after son-set from 1st March to Slat October.

HERNE BAY.

Order for the Improvement, Maintenance, and Regulation of the Pier at Herne Bay in the

Parish of Herne in the County of Kent

1. The Herne Bay Pier Company (hereafter in this Order called the Company) may take Power to take down and abandon such portion of the northern or seaward end of the Herne Bay Pier as dJ>wn P* of is distinguished on the plan deposited for the purposes of this Order with the Clerk of the p er *

Peace for the County of Kent by a yellow colour, and may apply the materials of that

portion in or towards repairing the southern or landward portion of the Pier, and may sell or otherwise dispose of so much of those materials as is not used for that purpose, and shall apply the money arising thereby in or towards the maintenance or repair of the portion of the Pier to be retained or of other works of the Company.

2. Notwithstanding anything in or done under this Order, the Company may demand and Toll *, receive the tolls, rates, and dues which, under the Acts described in the Schedule to this Order (hereafter in this Order called the Company's Acts), they are authorized to demand

and receive, as if this Order had not been made, or the Pier had not been in part taken down and abandoned.

3. Fishing

Certain fishing *easels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Additional power to borrow.

Incorporation of part of 8 & 9 Vict. c. 16.

Preference

Debt.

Rate of interest.

Receiver.

Application of money borrowed.

Saving for Acts.

For protection of Herne Bay, &c. Oyster Fishery Company.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

3. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist exempting from duties and port charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the Pier, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from the tolls, dues, and rates aforesaid.

4. In addition to the sums which the Company are already authorized to borrow, they may, from time to time, borrow on mortgage any sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of 2,0007.

5. The provisions of The Companies Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845 with respect to the borrowing of money by the Company on mortgage or bond, are hereby incorporated with this Order; and notwithstanding anything in the Company's Acts, those provision* exclusively shall have effect with respect to the borrowing of money by the Company under this Order; and in the construction of those provisions in connexion with this Order the term "the Company 99 therein used shall have the same meaning as in this Order, and the term "the Special Act" shall mean this Order.

6. The sums from time to time borrowed under this Order, and all interest thereon, shall constitute a preference debt of the Company, and shall be a first charge on the undertaking, lands, and property of the Company, and on the tolls, rates, and dues leviable by them, in priority to all money owing by the Company at the time of the confirmation of this Order, whether for money borrowed or interest accrued due thereon or otherwise, and in priority to all interest to accrue due on any such money; but such first charge shall not affect the power of the Company to apply money received from tolls, rates, and dues in or towards the maintenance, management, and regulation of the Pier and other works.

7. The interest payable in respect of any money borrowed under this Order shall not exceed the rate of 10 per centum per annum.

8. The mortgagees of the Company under this Order may enforce the payment of the arrears of interest, or of the arrears of principal and interest, due to them on their respective mortgages, by the appointment of a receiver, and the amount to authorize a requisition for a receiver shall be 2007.

9. The Company may from time to time, out of money borrowed under this Order, apply any sum or sums, not exceeding in the whole the sum of 2007., in the payment of a portion of the expenses incurred by them since the closing of the Pier, and in repayment of sums advanced to them for meeting other such expenses, and may out of money borrowed under this Order pay the expenses of and preliminary and incidental to the preparation of, application for, and obtaining of this Order; and, subject thereto, all money borrowed under this Order shall be applied exclusively for the purposes of the works authorized by this Order.

10. Save as herein-after provided, nothing in this Order shall prejudicially affect any of the rights, powers, or privileges of the Company under the Company's Acts, or either of them.

11. If the Herne Bay Pier Company take down or abandon any part of the northern end of their Pier, then and thereafter the provisions following in favour of the Herne Bay, Hampton, and Reculver Oyster Fishery Company, whose oyster grounds adjoin the Pier to the eastward, northward, and westward, shall have effect; that is to say,

(a) The powers and authorities of the Pier Company shall be exerciseable with respect to vessels employed for the purposes of the Oyster Fishery Company only where the vessels are within a distance of two hundred yards from some part of the Pier left standing:

(0) The Pier Company shall not exercise or enforce any of their powers or fights under sections 89, 94, and 96 of the Company's Act firstly mentioned in the Schedule hereto, or under section 32 of the Company's Act secondly mentioned in the said Schedule, so as to interfere with any of the oyster beds of the Oyster Fishery Company, or with any of the operations of or so as in any other way to prejudice that Company beyond the aforesaid limits of two hundred yards:

(c) Provided that the Oyster Fishery Company shall not do anything whereby the approach or departure of vessels, boats, or other craft to or from the Pier shall be prevented or obstructed:

' If

533

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

(d) If and whenever any difference arises between the two Companies as to the performance or observance of this section, every such difference shall be determined by an arbitrator, to be, on the application of the two Companies or either of them, named for the purpose by the Board of Trade.

12. This Order may be cited as The Heme Bay Pier Order, *1865. Short tide.

The Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

1 Will. 4. c. xxv. - An Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty or other Works

at Herne Bay in the Parish of Herne in the County of Kent.

6 & 7 Will. 4. c. cxii. - An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers and

Provisions of an Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty and other Works at Heme Bay in the Parish of Herne in the County of Kent; and for giving additional Powers to the Heme Bay Pier Company.

LLANDRILLO.

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Llandrillo in the County of Carnarvon.

1. The Llandrillo Pier Company, Limited, hereafter in this Order called the Company, Undertakers, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from Power to take time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and The Lands Clauses Consolidation Incorporation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase n^Acta. and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, are hereby incorporated with this Order. 11868

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations, if any, in Power to make the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion worki-

of the works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, moke and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following; — Description of

A Pier, jetty, and landing place commencing opposite or near to a field called works-Dryll y Trwyn in the occupation of John Parry Evans (with limits of deviation laterally between a point opposite Capel St Trillo, in a field called Cae Capel, in the occupation of the said John Parry Evans, on the north-west, and a point opposite the road leading from the shore, in the village of Llandrillo, to Colwyn and Mochdre, on the south-east), and extending in a north-easterly direction towards and below low-water mark a distance of four hundred yards or thereabouts.

6. The Company may demand, take, and receive in respect of the vessels, cattle, goods, Power to take

merchandise, persons, and things in the Schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding m|V^C01rdillg the rates in the Schedule specified. 10 e '

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist Certain fishing

exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to nder

seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by weatherexempt stress of weather to make use of the Pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk from rates, while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass-tickets for the Company may use of the Pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be contfo^ie agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person; a pass-ticket shall not be SsTof the Pier. transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person to whom it is granted,

or by any person after the period limited for its use; if any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass-28 & 29 Vict. 3 Y ticket.

Exemption of Custom House officers from rates.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Meters and weighers. Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, &c.

[Short title.]

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict c. 47. to apply.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered as penalties are recoverable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act); and the Company may from time to time contract with any person or body corporate, for any period not exceeding one year, for a composition or reduced payment or payments in respect of the rates in the Schedule hereto specified, or any part or parts thereof, but so that no preference be given to any such person or body corporate.

9. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the Pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes (within the meaning of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847,) lands exceeding in the whole three acres.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on the Pier.

12. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, and other machinery and vessels, and also such tramways and carriages, as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they may think reasonable.

13. Part V. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the Pier authorized by this Order.

14. This Order may be cited as The Llandrillo Pier Order, 1865.

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers. I. — Rates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton -

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons, per ton

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton

All lighters, for each trip, per ton -

All boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each

II. — Rates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier. Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead Ale, bottled, per barrel -

Ditto, per dozen bottles -Anchors, per cwt.

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt.

Beef or pork, per barrel -

Biscuits or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons .....

Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel

Ditto, per firkin -Cables, iron or hempen, per ton

Canvas, per bolt -Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand carts and perambulators, each

a. d

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 10

1 0

0 2

0 6

0 6

0 4

0 1

0 9

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 6

0 3

3 0

1 6

0 9

1 6

0 6

0 3

3 0

0 1

7 6

5 0

1 0

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

535

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bull, cows, and oxen each -Calves, each

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt.

Chimney-pots, each -

Clay, per ton

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding one cwt. Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Corks, per cwt.

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in crates), per foot -

Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt.

Ditto, fresh, not enumerated -

Flax, per ton -Flour and meal, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet Fruit, per bushel or sieve Glass, per large crate - Ditto, per small crate or case Ditto, per box -

Grain and seeds, per quarter Groceries, not enumerated, per cwt.

Guano, per ton

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen Hay, per ton -

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000

Ditto (cured), per barrel -Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton

Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

3 Y 2

s. d.

0 3

3 0

1 0

4 0

0 6

0 6

1 0

0 4

0 3

1 0

0 6

1 0

3 0

0 3

0 6

20 0

0 6

0 6

0 2

0 1

0 3

0 3

0 2

2 0

0 4

0 3

0 4

0 4

1 6

1 0

0 6

0 6

0 6

1 6

0 6

0 4

2 6

0 4

1 6

0 2

2 0

0 3

0 3

0 2

1 6

1 0

2 6

0 1

2 0

2 6

0 4

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton -

Masts and spars, ten inches in diameter and upwards, each Ditto, under ten inches, each -

Meat (fresh), per cwt. -

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cubic feet -

Nets, per 5 cubic feet -

Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per tun -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box -Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Faint, per cwt -

Fitch and tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt -

Poultry and game, per dozen .....

Rags and old rope, per ton -

Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt.

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen

Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet

Spirits (Foreign or British), per hogshead -

Ditto, per gallon -

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet -

Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt .....

Tallow, soap and candles, per cwt -

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per thousand -

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt -

Turbot, per score -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel -

Turtle, each -

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt -

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

Ditto (bottled), per dozen bottles -

Wood:

Fir, pine, and other description not enumerated, perjoad of iifty feet " - - »

Oak or wainscoat, per load of fifty feet -

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom -

Laths and Lath wood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspikes, per one hundred and twenty -

Oars, per one hundred and twenty ...

i. d.

1 4 1 0

2 6

1 0 4 6 3 0 0 6 0 0$ 4) 1

0 4 0 2 2 0 2 0 0 6

1 0 0 3 0 4 0 6 0 2

0 4

2 0 0 6 0 1

1 0 0 2 0 6 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 6 3 O 0 3

0 3

1 0 1 6 3 0 0 6 0 3 0 6 0 6 2 6 0 4 0 6 0 1

0 3

1 0 0 2

1 6

2 0 1 6 2 6 3 0 5 0

537

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Wood — continued. s. d.

Spars under 22 feet in lengthy above 2^ and under inches in

diameter, per one hundred and twenty - - 5 0

Ditto, 2\ inches in diameter and under, per one hundred and

twenty - -40

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches

in diameter, per one hundred and twenty - - 9 0

Spare, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per one hundred

and twenty - - - 14 0

Spokes of wheels not exceeding 2 feet in length, per one hundred

and twenty - - 2 0

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per hundred and twenty - 3 0

Ditto, treenails, per thousand - - 2 6

Ditto, wedges, per thousand - - - 2 6

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per one hundred and twenty 2 6

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwooa, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton 2 0

Wool, per cwt. - - - 0 4

Yarn, per cwt. - - -02

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cubic foot - - -01

Heavy goods, per ton - - -20

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement on all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1*A Rates of Craneage.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - - 0 6

99 2 tons 99 3 tons ... 0 8

93 3 tons 99 4 tons 0 10

99 4 tons 99 5 tons - 1 0

99 5 tons 99 6 tons 1 2

99 6 tons 99 7 tons - 1 4

99 7 tons 99 8 tons 1 6

99 8 tons 99 9 tons - 1 10

99 9 tons 99 10 tons 2 4

99 10 tons ---- 3 6

2nd. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - - 0 2

3rd. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the Pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of 1 ^d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers '

luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - 0 2

IV. — Rates for laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton - - -06

538

Undertakers.

Power to take specified lands by agreement

Incorporation of Lands Clauses Acts.

Power to make works.

Description of Pier.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

V. — Rates on Passengers landing or embarking from the Pier *

For every passenger or other person who shall land on the Pier £ 8. d. from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, of passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - - -006

For every person who shall use the said Pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - -002

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the Pier, for each and every

time any sum not exceeding - 0 0 6

For every perambulator - -002

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Llandrillo, and using the said Pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - 1 0 0

VI. — Rates on Passengers' Luggage landed or shipped.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within s. d. the description of luggage, and not borne by the passenger, not exceeding 28 lbs. - - 0 2

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs - - 0 4

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs. - - 0 5

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs. - 0 6

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs. - - 0 7

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt - 0 8

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition - - 0 1

PENSARN (ABERGELE).

Order for the Construction, Maintenance, and Regulation of a Pier at Pensam (Abergele)

in the County of Denbigh.

1. The Pensam (Abergele) Pier Company, Limited, hereafter in this Order called the Company, shall be the undertakers of the works authorized by this Order.

2. For the purposes of the works authorized by this Order the Company may from time to time, by agreement, enter on, take, and use all or any part of the lands shown on the deposited plans as intended to be taken for the purposes of the proposed works.

3. The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and the Lands Clauses Consolidation Acts Amendment Act, 1860, except so much thereof respectively as relates to the purchase and taking of lands otherwise than by agreement, shall be incorporated with this Order.

4. Subject to the provisions of this Order, and subject also to such alterations, if any, in the deposited plans as the Board of Trade require from time to time before the completion of the works in order to prevent injury to navigation, the Company may, on the lands taken by them under this Order, and in the lines and according to the levels and within the limits of deviation shown on the deposited plans and sections, make and maintain the works shown on the deposited plans.

5. The works authorized by this Order comprise the following: —

A Pier or jetty (with a landing stage) commencing opposite to and below the railings on the roadside against the bridge over the Chester and Holyhead section of the London and North-western Railway near the -Abergele station on that railway (with limits of deviation laterally between a point one hundred yards beyond a foot bridge over that railway on the east, and the dwelling house occupied by Mr. Edward Davies at the level crossing on that railway in connexion with the new road leading from the beach to the town of Abergele on the west), and extending in a northerly or north-westerly direction towards and beyond low-water mark a distance of six hundred yards or thereabouts.

6. The

38° & 29° VICTORIA, c. 114.

6. The Company may demand and receive in respect of the vessels, cattle, goods, merchandise, persons, and things in the Schedule hereto described any sums not exceeding the rates in the Schedule specified.

7. Fishing vessels belonging to countries with which, for the time being, treaties exist exempting from duties and port-charges such vessels when forced by stress of weather to seek shelter in the ports or on the coasts of the United Kingdom, shall, when forced by stress of weather to make use of the Pier authorized by this Order, and not breaking bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from rates leviable under this Order.

8. The Company may grant to passengers and promenaders or others pass-tickets for the use of the Pier on such terms and for such a period, not exceeding one year, as may be agreed upon, but so that no preference be given to any person; a pass-ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any person except the person to whom it is granted, or by any person after the period limited for its U6e; if any person acts in any way in contravention of this provision, or uses or attempts to use any false or counterfeit pass-ticket, he shall for every such offence be liable to a penalty not exceeding twenty shillings, to be recovered as penalties are recoverable under The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847 (for all the purposes of which Act this Order shall be deemed the special Act); and the Company may from time to time contract with any person, company, or body corporate, for any period not exceeding one year, for a composition or reduced payment or payments in respect of rates, but so that no preference be given to any person, company, or body corporate.

9. Officers of Customs, being in the execution of their duty, shall at all times have free ingress, passage, and egress to, on, along, and from the Pier by land, and with their vessels and otherwise, without payment.

10. The Company shall not purchase for extraordinary purposes (within the meaning of The Harbours, Docks, and Piers Clauses Act, 1847,) lands exceeding in the whole three acres.

11. The Company shall have the appointment of meters and weighers on the Pier.

12. The Company may provide such steam engines, steam vessels, piling engines, diving bells, ballast lighters, and other machinery and vessels, and also such tramways on the Pier, and carriages, as they think necessary for effectuating any of the purposes of this Order, and may demand and receive such sums for the use of the same as they think reasonable.

13. Part Y. of The Harbours and Passing Tolls, &c. Act, 1861, shall apply to the Pier authorized by this Order.

14. This Order may be cited as The Pensarn (Abergele) Pier Order, 1865.

689

Power to take rates according to Schedule.

Certain fishing vessels under stress of weather exempt from rates.

Company may contract with persons for the use of the Pier.

Exemption of Custom House Officers from rates.

Lands for

extraordinary

purposes.

Meters and weighers.

Steam engines, diving bells, lighters, Ac.

Part V. of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 47. to apply.

[Short title.]

Schedule to which the foregoing Order refers.

L — Bates on Vessels using the Pier.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton

, 50 tons, 100 tons,

, 100 tons, 150ton8,

, 150 tons and upwards, per ton

All lighters for e%ch trip, per ton -All boats entirely open landing or taking on board goods, each

IT. — Bates on Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -Ale, bottled, per barrel -

Ditto, per dozen bottles -Anchors, per cwt -

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

s. d.

0 4

0 6

0 8

0 10

1 0

0 2

0 6

0 6

0 4

0 1

0 9

0 2

2 0

0 3

54a

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114

Beef or pork, per cwt. -Beef or pork, per barrel -

Biscuits or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per tun of 252 gallons - Bones and bone dust, per ton

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -

Ditto, per firkin -Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand carts and perambulators, each Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton -

Cheese, per cwt -

Chimney pots, each - -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, Haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding one cwt

Coals, per ton -

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt -

Corks, per cwt. -

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

Dogs, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in crates), per foot -Eggs> per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt. - Ditto, fresh, not enumerated -

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack - Ditto, per barrel -Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Glass, per large crate -

Ditto, per small Crate or case

Ditto, per box -

Grains and seeds, per quarter -

Groceries, not enumerated, per cwt.

Guano, per ton -

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg -

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt.

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

8. d.

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 0 3

3 0

- 1 6

- 0 9

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 0 1

- 7 6

- 5 0

- 1 0

- 0 3

- 3 0

- 1 0

- 4 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 1 0

- 0 6

- 1 0

- 3 0

- 0 3

- 0 6

- 20 0

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 2

0 1

0 3

- 0 3

0 2

- 2 0

- 0 4

- 0 3

- 0 4

- 0 4

- 1 6

- 1 0

. 0 6

- 0 6

- 0 6

- 1 6

- 0 6

- 0 4

- 2 6

- 0 4

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, o. 114.

541

Hay, per ton -

Ditto, per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000 Ditto (cured), per barrel Hides:

Ox, cow, or horse (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton Pots, each -Kelp, per ton Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed), per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels t

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -Manure (not enumerated), per ton Masts and spars, ten inches in diameter and upwai Ditto, under ten inches, each Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical instruments, per cubic foot Nets, per 5 cubic feet -Oakum, per cwt.

Oils, per tun

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and lemons, per box Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel Paint, per cwt. -Pitch and tar, per barrel Potatoes, per cwt -Poultry and game, per dozen Bags and old rope, per ton -Sails, per cwt.

Salt, per cwt. -

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each -

Skins: Calf, goat, sheep, lamb, or dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet Spirits (Foreign or British), per hogshead Ditto, per gallon -

Stones, per ton of 16 cubic feet - - ,

Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt.

Tallow, soap, and candles, per cwt.

Tea, per chest -

Tiles, per thousand -

Tin and zinc, per ton -

Tobacco, per cwt.

Turbot, per score -

Turnips, per ton -

Turpentine and varnish, per barrel Turtle, each -

28 & 29 Vict. 3 Z

8. &

- 1 6

- - - 0 2

- - - 2 0

- - - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - - 0 2

_ 1 6

- - - I 0

- - - 2 6

- - - 0 1

- - 2 0

- - 2 6

- 0 4

- - 1 4

- - - 1 0

. - - 2 6

- -. 1 0

ds, each - - 4 6

- - - 3 0

- - - 0 6

- - - 0 0 *

- - 0 1

. - 0 4

- - 0 2

- 2 0

- - - 2 0

- - 0 6

- -. 1 0

- - - 0 3

- - - 0 4

- - - 0 6

- 0 2

-. 0 4

u. 2 0

- - 0 6

- 0 1

.. - 1 0

-. 0 2

-. 0 6

- - - 2 0

. 1 0

. - 0 1

- - 1 6

-. - 3 0

-. 0 3

-. 0 3

. 1 0

. 1 6 .

-. - 3 6

- - t 0 6

- -. 0 3

- 0 6

- - - 0 6

- 2 6

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114.

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt.

Vinegar, per hogshead -

Vitriol, per carboy -

Water, per cask -

Wine, per hogshead -

Ditto (bottled), per dozen bottles -Wood:

Fir, pine, and other descriptions not enumerated, per load of fifty feet -

Oak or wainscoat, per load of fifty feet -

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom -Laths and lath wood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet Handspikes, per 120 -

Oars, per 120 -

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above and under inches in

diameter, per 120 Ditto, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per 120 Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 -Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 Ditto, treenails, per 1,000 -

Ditto, wedges, per 1,000 .....

Pipe staves and others in proportion, per 120 Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton Wool, per cwt -

Yarn, per cwt. -

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cubic foot -

Heavy goods, per ton -

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement on all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

1. d.

0 4

0 6

0 1

0 3

1 0

0 2

1 6

2 0

1 6

2 6

3 0

5 0

5 0

4 0

9 0

14 0

2 0

3 0

2 6

2 6

2 6

2 0

0 4

0 2

0 1

2 0

III. — Rates for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds.

1st Rates of Craneage.

s. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - 0 6

99 2 tons 99 3 tons - 0 8

99 3 tons 99 4 tons - 0 10

99 4 tons 99 5 tons - 1 0

99 5 tons 99 6 tons. 1 2

99 6 tons 99 7 tons 1 4

99 7 tons 99 8 tons - 1 6

99 8 tons 99 9 tons - 1 10

99 9 tons 99 10 tons -. 2 4

99 10 tons - - 3 6

2d. Weighing Machines.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - 0 2

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 114, 115.

3 d. Shed Dues.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the Pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3d .; and the sum of l£d. per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after the first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers1 luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package

XV. — Rates fob laying Water Mains on Pier.

Water, per ton -

V. — Rates on Passengers landing on or embarking from the Pier. For every passenger or other person who shall land on the Pier £ from, or embark from it on board of, any ship, vessel, packet, or passage boat, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - - 0

For every person who shall use the said Pier for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - ..0

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the Pier, for each and every time any sum not exceeding - - 0

For every perambulator - 0

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the town of Pensarn (Abergele), and using the said Pier for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wherry, an annual sum not exceeding - - 1

VI. — Rates on Passengers' Luggage landed or shipped.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package within the description of luggage, and not borne by the passenger, not exceeding 28 lbs.

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs. -84 lbs., 112 lbs.

y,

112 lba.

, 140 lbs.

, 196 lbs.

, 2 cwt.

And for every 20 lbs. weight in addition

" 140 lbs., 196 lbs.

s.

0 2

0 6

s. d.

0 6

0 2

0 6 0 2

0 0

3. d.

0 2 0 4 0 6 0 6 0 7 0 8 0 1

543

CAP. CXV.

An Act to amend The Naval Discipline Act, 1864.

[5th July 1865.]

15 E it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con- sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

L With respect to any Sentence of Penal Servitude passed after the passing of this Act Amendment under The Naval Discipline Act, 1864, Paragraph (4.) of Section Forty-nine of that Act of Act of 1864 shall have Effect as if the Words "not less than Five Years " were substituted therein for Temn?^ the Words " not less than Three Years." Servitude.

[Short Title.]

2. This Act may be cited as The Naval Discipline Act Amendment Act, 1865,

3 Z 2

544 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 116, 117.

Meaning of " British Colony " in 6 & 7 Vict c. 94.

[Short Title.]

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to explain the Foreign Jurisdiction Act.

[5th July 1865.]

BE it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. In the Foreign Jurisdiction Act (that is to say, the Act of the Session of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Ninety-four, to remove Doubts as " to the Exercise of Power and Jurisdiction by Her Majesty within divers Countries " and Places out of Her Majesty's Dominions, and to render the same more effectual, ") the Term " British Colony " includes and shall be construed to include any of Her Majesty's Possessions out of the United Kingdom.

2. This Act may be cited as The Foreign Jurisdiction Act Amendment Act, 1865.

CAP. CXVII.

An Act to regulate the Appointment of a Vicar or Incumbent to the Vicarage of the Parish Church of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster and in the Diocese of Manchester.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster and in the Diocese of ' " Manchester comprises an Area exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Acres, and con-

(tained, at the taking of the Census in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixty-

one, a Population of One hundred and nineteen thousand five, hundred and thirty-one

Persons: And whereas the Endowment of the Vicarage of the Parish Church of the said Parish mainly consists of certain Glebe Lands, of which the greater Part has been built (upon, and the Residue is valuable for Building Purposes, and the annual Proceeds of the (said Glebe Lands at present exceed the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, and it is antici-(pated that such Proceeds will increase in future Years: And whereas, in addition to such ' Parish Church, there are numerous other Churches in the said Parish which are inadequately endowed, and it may be expedient that Provision should be hereafter made for ' apportioning such Endowment between the said Parish Church and the Churches of the several Ecclesiastical Districts or new Parishes which have been already assigned, consti-

tuted, or created, or which may hereafter be assigned, constituted, or created, either

wholly or in part, within or out of the original Limits of the said Parish of Rochdale, or for otherwise dealing with such Endowment: And whereas the Vicarage of the said Parish

Church is in the Patronage of the Bishop of Manchester for the Time being: And whereas (it is expedient that no Impediment should be created to the free Action of the Legislature ' in making such Apportionment or other Dealing with such Endowment, by the Acquisition ' of vested Interests in the same by any Vicar or Incumbent who may be appointed to the ' said Vicarage of the Parish Church of Rochdale after the Date of the passing of this Act:' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this .present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Appointments of future Vicars, &c. to be subject to Regulations to be hereafter enacted.

1. Every Vicar or Incumbent who shall be appointed to the Vicarage of the said Parish Church of Rochdale after the passing of this Act shall accept, take, and hold such Appointment subject to any Regulations or Provisions which may hereafter be enacted by the Authority of Parliament for apportioning the Endowment of the said Vicarage between the Parish Church and the Churches of the several Ecclesiastical Districts or new Parishes which have been already assigneJ, constituted, or created, or may hereafter be assigned,

constituted,

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c.-117, 118. 545

constituted, or created, either wholly or in part, within or out of the original Limits of the Parish of Rochdale as aforesaid, or for otherwise dealing with such Endowment.

[Short Title.]

2. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as Cf The Rochdale Vicarage Appointment Act, 1865."

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to continue and amend the Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Twenty-four, the " Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856/' as the same is amended by the Act passed in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of c Her Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-eight, was continued in force until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, and until the End of the ' then next Session of Parliament: And whereas it is expedient that the said u Peace ' Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856," should be further amended and continued for a ' limited Time Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The printed Copies of every Proclamation, Abstract, and Notice to be issued under Printed the Provisions of the said last-mentioned Act shall be posted on or near to the Doors of all Copies of Places of Public Worship and of every Police Station and Barrack within the District ^uon^&c^to named in such Proclamation by some One or more of the Constables or Sub-Constables of be issued the Constabulary Force; and as soon as may be after any Constable or Sub-Constable under last-shall have posted any such printed Copies within such District, or any Part thereof, he Act tobef shall verify such posting by a solemn Declaration annexed to such printed Copy, to be made posted, &c. before a Justice of the Peace in the Form or to the Effect specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and such Constable or Sub-Constable shall deposit such printed Copy and Declaration annexed thereto with the Clerk of the Peace for the County or County of a City within which such District or any Part thereof is situate; and the said Clerk of the Peace shall sign and date the same, and shall preserve the same amongst the Records of the said County or County of a City; and the same, when produced from the Custody of such Clerk of the Peace, shall be conclusive Evidence that the said Proclamation, Abstract, and Notice was duly posted within the District or Part of the District in said Declaration mentioned.

2. The Production of a printed Copy of the Dublin Gazette, purporting to be printed Production of ami published by the Queen s Authority, containing the Publication of any Proclamation, Dublin Gazette Warrant, Order, or Notice under the said recited Act or this Act, shall be conclusive p°ub]T<»Uon of Evidence of all such Facts and Circumstances as were or shall be necessary to authorize the auy Proclama-issuing of any such Proclamation, Warrant, Order, or Notice; and every such Proclamation. Warrant, Order, and Notice shall be deemed and taken in all such Courts E^dence of respectively, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to have been issued in conformity with Facts, &c. the said recited Act and this Act.

3. From and after the passing of this Act the First Section of the Act passed in the Sect l. of Session of Parliament held in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of 23 & 24 vict-Her present Majesty, Chapter One hundred and thirty-eight, shall be and the same is

hereby repealed.

4. A Copy of every Proclamation issued under the Authority of this Act shall be laid Copy of Pro-before each House of Parliament within Fourteen Days of the Date of the same, if Parlia- carnation to be ment be then assembled, and if not then within Fourteen Days of the next subsequent ^i^ent meeting of Parliament.

5. The

546 28" & 29" VICTORIA, c. 118, 119.

19 & 20 Vict 5. The u Peace Preservation (Ireland) Act, 1856," as the same is amended by this Act, amended b shall be and continue in force until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and this Act, 7 sixty-six, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, continued.

SCHEDULE.

Form of Solemn Declaration.

I A.B. (Constable or Sub-Constable) do solemnly and sincerely declare, that on the Day of, and [here insert the Dates], I posted on or near to

the Doors of all Places of Public Worship and of every Police Station and Barrack within that Part of the District named or referred to in the within (Proclamation or Notice), known and called by the Name of [here insert Name of Barony, Half-Barony, Townland, $<?.], true Copies of the annexed (Proclamation or Notice and Abstract); and I make this solemn Declaration conscientiously believing the same to be true, and by virtue of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Sixty-two, for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

(Signed) A.B.

Made and subscribed before me this Day of, in the Year 186 .

(Signed) C.D., Justice of the Peace.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for continuing various expiring Acts.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS the several Acts mentioned in the First Column of the Schedule hereto are wholly, or as to certain Provisions thereof, limited to expire at the Times ' specified in respect of such Acts in the Fourth Column of the said Schedule: And whereas it is expedient to continue such Acts, in so far as they are temporary in their Duration, ' for the Times mentioned in respect of such Acts respectively in the Fifth Column of the said Schedule:* Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as the " Expiring Laws Continuance Act, 1865."

Continuance of 2. The Acts mentioned in Column One of the said Schedule, and the Acts, if any, Act8 in amending the same, shall, in so far as such Acts or any Provisions thereof, are temporary in

their Duration, be continued until the Times respectively specified in respect of such Acts in the Fifth Column of the said Schedule.

Schedule.

SCHEDULE.

1. 2. 8. 4. 5.

Original Acts. Amending Acts. How fhr temporary. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions, Continued until

3 & 4 Vict. c. 89. Poor Rates, Stock in Trade Exemption. - Whole Act 1st October 1865, and End of then next ATI (26 & 27 Vict. c. 95.) 1st October 1866, and End of then next Session.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 119

1. Original Acts. 2. Amending Acts. 3. How far temporary. 4. Time of Expiration of temporary Provisions. 5. Continued until

4 & 5 Vict. c. 59. Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads. - Whole Act 1st October 1865, and End of then next Session. (23 & 24 Vict. c. 67.) 1st October 1870, and End of then next Session.

10 Vict. c. 32. 13 & 14 Vict. As to Powers of 1st January 1865, and 1st January 1866, and End of then next Session.

Landed Property Improvement (Ireland). c. 31. Commissioners. End of then next Session. (26 & 27 Vict. c. 95.)

10 & 11 Vict. c. 90. 14 & 15 Vict. As to Appoint- 23d July 1865, and 23d July 1866, and

Poor Laws (Ireland). c. 68. ment of Commissioners, &c. End of then next Session. (27 & 28 Vict. c. 84.) End of then next Session.

10 & 11 Vict. c. 98. Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction. As to Provisions continued by 21 & 22 Vict. c. 50. 1st August 1865, and End of then next Session. (27 & 28 Vict. c. 84.) 1st August 1867, and End of then next Session.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 32. County Cess (Ireland). 20 & 21 Vict c. 7. Whole Act 1st August 1865, and End of then next Session. (27 & 28 Vict. c. 84.) 1st August 1866, and End of then next Session.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 107. Sheep and Cattle diseased. 16 & 17 Vict. c. 62. Whole Act 1st August 1865, and End of then next Session. (27 & 28 Vict. c. 84.) 1st August 1866, and End of then next Session.

14 & 15 Vict. c. 104. Episcopal and Capitular Estates Management. 17 & 18 Vict. c. 116. 22 & 23 Vict 23 Vict. c. 46. 23 & 24 Vict. c. 124. Whole Act 1st January 1865, and End of then next Session. (27 & 28 Vict. c. 84.) 1st January 1866, and End of then next Session.

17 & 18 Vict. c. 117. 21 & 22 Vict. As to Appoint- 2d August 1865 2d August 1867,

Incumbered Estates (West Indies). c. 96. 25 & 26 Vict. c. 45. 27 & 28 Vict. c. 108. ment of Commissioners. (27 & 28 Vict. c. 84.) and End of then next Session.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109. Salmon Fishery (England) Act As to Appointment of Inspectors, s. 31. 1st October 1865 (27 & 28 Vict. c. 84.) 1st October 1866, and End of then next Session.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 97. Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act. 26 & 2 7 Vict c. 50. 27 & 28 Vict 28 Vict. c. 118. As to Powers of Commissioners, &c. 1st January 1866 - 1 st January 1867.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 114. Salmon Fisheries (Ireland). As to Duration of Office of the Special Commissioners for Irish Fisheries, and all Powers, Rights, and Privileges .pertaining thereto. Whole Act 28th July 1865, and End of then next Session. 28 th July 1866, and End of then next Session.

27 & 28 Vict. c. 92. Public Schools. - 1st August 1865 1st August 1866.

26 & 27 Vict. c. 71.

27 & 28 Vict c. 102.

Short Titles.

Construction of Act.

Interpretation of Terms.

Election to be according to this Act.

Time for Elective Conservator going ont

Time for

annual

Election.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

CAP. CXX.

An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Preservation and Improvement of Harwich Harbour.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend in various Particulars The Harwich Harbour c Acts, 1863 and 1864, and, amonjj other things, to regulate the Election of a Con-c servator by Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Mistley and Manningtree, ' and to extend the Powers of the Conservancy Board with respect to the Purchase of and the dealing with Lands, and the Execution of Works, and to make better Provision for ' securing free Access to the Harbour, and for regulating the Sale and taking of Ballast,

and to prohibit Acts injurious to the Navigation of the Harbour, and to make better Provision for the Regulation of Moorings and other Matters, and to authorize the taking by them of Tolls, Fees, Rates, and Dues in certain Cases:

And whereas for the Purposes of the Application for this Act there have been deposited f with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Suffolk and with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Essex Plans and Sections of the proposed new Works, and Plans showing Lands and Houses intended to be taken for the Purposes of this Act, together with a Book of Reference to those Plans (which Plans, Sections, and Book of Reference respectively are in this Act referred to as the deposited Plans, Sections, and Book of

Reference): '

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Harwich Harbour Act, 1865; and this Act and The Harwich Harbour Acts, 1863 and 1864, may be cited together as The Harwich Harbour Acts, and are comprised in that Expression when hereafter used in this Act.

2. This Act shall be read and have Effect as One Act with The Harwich Harbour Acts, 1863 and 1864, and the Purposes of this Act shall be deemed to be comprised in the Purposes of those Acts; and all Enactments incorporated with The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863, shall be deemed incorporated with this Act; and Terms used in this Act have the same Meanings as in The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863.

3. In this Act —

The Terms " High-water Mark " and " Low-water Mark " mean those Marks respectively at ordinary Spring Tides:.

The Term " the Harbour" means Harwich Harbour.

4. Notwithstanding anything in The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863, or in any Act therewith incorporated, the Provisions of this Act shall have Effect with respect to the Conservator elected by the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Mistley and Manningtree (hereafter in this Act referred to as the Elective Conservator); and the following Sections of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, (incorporated with The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863,) shall not have Effect with respect to that Conservator, namely. Sections Seventeen, Twenty to Twenty-three, and Twenty-five to Thirty-three (nil inclusive).

5. The Elective Conservator in Office at the passing of this Act shall remain in Office until the First Thursday in August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and shall then go out of Office; and every Elective Conservator elected after the passing of this Act shall go out of Office on the First Thursday in August in the Year following his Election; and in every Instance the Place of the outgoing Elective Conservator shall be supplied by the Election of another Conservator.

6. For the Purposes of every such Election a Meeting of the Persons entitled to vote thereat shall be held on the First Thursday in August in each Year, at such Place, within One of the Parishes of Mistley and Manningtree, as the Conservancy Board from Time to Time

549

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

Time direct; of which Meeting, and of the Time and Place thereof, and of the Time for the taking of the Poll thereat (in case a Poll is demanded), public Notice shall be given by the Clerk of the Conservancy Board by Placard affixed on the principal Doors of the Parish Churches of the Parishes of Mistley and Manningtree, or other public Places in those Parishes, Seven clear Days at least before the Day of Election; and at that Meeting the Election of a Conservator shall be made.

7. The Chairman of the Conservancy Board, or in his Absence such othpr of the Conser- Returning vators as the Chairman, by Writing under his Hand, appoints, or the Clerk or another officer-Officer of the Conservancy Board so appointed, shall be the Returning Officer for such Election.

8. The Election shall be made by the Majority of Votes of the Electors present at the Mode of Place of Election at or within the Time appointed for the Election, or (in case a Poll is demanded) at or within the Time appointed for the taking of the Poll.

9. In case for any Reason on any Occasion the Electors fail to elect a Conservator in conformity with this Act, the Conservancy Board shall, within One Month after such Failure to Failure, appoint a Person to fill the Place of Elective Conservator. Every such Appoint- elect, ment shall be made at a Meeting, Notice whereof shall be given in manner required for Special Meetings. Every Person so appointed shall for the Purposes of the Harwich Harbour Acts in all respects be as if he had been elected by the Electors instead of being so appointed.

10. Any Act of the Conservancy Board shall not be invalidated or be illegal by reason Error, &c. in of any Failure or Omission on any Occasion to elect or appoint any Conservator, or by to

reason of any other Irregularity, Error, Failure, or Omission in or about any Election or done. Appointment, or in or about any Matter preliminary or incidental thereto.

11. The Conservancy Board may hold their Meetings at such Times and Places as they from Time to Time think fit.

Time and Place of Meetings.

12. The Conservancy Board may allow to the Conservators respectively their reasonable Allowance of travelling Expenses incurred in attending Meetings of the Board, or otherwise in the 8

Execution of their Duties.

13. The Conservancy Board may purchase, enter on, and take all or any of the Lands specified

described in the deposited Plans and Book of Reference. LandJ

14. Notwithstanding anything in The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863, or in this Act, or in Power to any Act incorporated therewith respectively, the Conservancy Board may at any Time and jJ£dse 0 from Time to Time sell, demise, or otherwise dispose of any Lands vested in them for such Estates, Terms, or Interests, for or at such Considerations or Rents, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Stipulations, as they think fit; but before the Conservancy Board make any such Sale or any such Demise for a Term exceeding Twenty-one Years,

or any other Disposition of Lands for the Time being unbuilt on, they shall proceed, as nearly as may be, as Promoters of an Undertaking are required to proceed by Section 128 and the Three following Sections of the Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, and those Sections shall in all respects, as nearly as may be, extend and apply to such Sale, Demise, or other Disposition.

15. The Conservancy Board may, by dredging, cutting, and otherwise, remove such Power to Parts of Landguard Point, as well above as below High-water Mark, as they think it remove Parts necessary to remove for making the Harbour more readily accessible, the Lord of the Manor poin" gnar claiming an Interest in Landguard Point having assented thereto.

16. The Conservancy Board may construct and maintain a Pier and Landing Place, Power to

with all necessary Approaches, Wonts, and Conveniences, on the Landguard Inner Beach, construct Pier at or near a Point Twelve hundred Feet or thereabouts, measured along the Shore in a guar

Northwardly Direction from the North-west Angle of the Fence inclosing the Lighthouse

and Premises on Landguard Point in the Possession of the Trinity House, and thence 28 & 29 VICT. 4 A extending

Tolls on Pier, &c.

Appointment of Meters and Weighers.

Contract with Persons for Use of Pier.

Power to follow Vessels into the River Orwell to collect Tolls.

Power to prohibit Vessels anchoring off Entrance.

Power to sell Ballast.

Power to construct Ballast Wharves, and take Tolls.

Power to license dredging, &c.

Power to make Works.

Prohibition of Erection of Works on Shore, &c.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

extending in a Westwardly Direction into the Harbour for a Distance of about Two hundred Feet.

17. The Conservancy Board may demand and take in respect of the Use of the Pier and Landing Place such Tolls as they from Time to Time think fit, not exceeding those specified in the Schedule to this Act; provided that such Tolls or any of them may be from Time to Time reduced by the Board of Trade, should such Board see fit

18. The Conservancy Board shall have the Appointment of Meters and Weighers within the Limits of the Pier and Landing Place, and the Works and Lands vested in them adjoining or near to the Pier and Landing Place.

19. The Conservancy Board may grant to Passengers and others Pass Tickets for the Use of the Pier and Landing Place on such Terms, and for such Period not exceeding One Year, as may be agreed on, but so that no Preference be given to any Person. Such a Ticket shall not be transferable, and shall not be used by any Person except the Person for whom it is granted, or by that Person after the Period limited for its Use. If any Person acts in any way in contravention of this Provision, or uses or attempts to use any-false or counterfeit Ticket, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

20. So far as may be necessary for the collecting of the Tolls and Dues leviable under the Harwich Harbour Acts, it shall be lawful for the duly authorized Officer of the Conservators to follow any Vessel or Craft beyond the Harbour up the River Orwell

21. For better preventing Interference with Ingress and Egress into and from the Harbour, the Power of the Conservancy Board to make Byelaws shall extend to authorize the making by them from Time to Time of Byelaws for the following Purpose; namely, for prohibiting or restricting the anchoring of Vessels within a Space included between the imaginary Line marking the Seaward Limit of the Harbour and another imaginary Line drawn from the Harbour Light on Landguard Point to Andrew'* Buoy and thence across to Inner Ridge Buoy and thence to the Low Lighthouse on the Dovercourt Shore.

22. The Conservancy Board may from Time to Time sell, to be used as Ballast or for other Purposes, any Gravel or other Substance dredged or raised by them from the Harbour under the Powers of the Harwich Harbour Acts.

23. The Conservancy Board may from Time to Time construct and may maintain within the Harbour, on any Lands vested in them, such Ballast Wharves as they think fit, and may demand and take in respect of the Use thereof such Tolls as they from Time to Time think fit.

24. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Conservancy Board may from Time to Time grant Licences to the Owners of Barges and Vessels and others to remove any Soil, Banks, Accumulations, and Obstructions within the Harbour below Low-water Mark, and to dredge and otherwise improve the Bed of the Harbour below Low-water Mark.

25. The Conservancy Board, with the Approval in each Instance of the Board of Trade, may, on any Lands vested in them, make and maintain such Works as they think proper for the Preservation or Improvement of the Harbour.

26. It shall not be lawful for any Person (except under Statutory Authority), at any Place within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board, to erect, construct, or place any Pier, Wharf, Wall, Groin, or other Erection on the Shore of the Sea or Harbour below High-water Mark without the Licence of the Conservancy Board, which Licence they may give, if they think fit, but without taking any Fee for the granting of such Licence; but if in any Case any Applicant for such a Licence thinks himself aggrieved by the Refusal thereof, he may appeal to the Board of Trade, and the Decision of the Board of Trade shall be binding on and shall be carried into effect by the Conservancy Board; and any Applicant for such a Licence shall be entitled to receive

551

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

the same, unless the proposed Pier, Wharf, Wall, Groin, or other Erection will, in the Opinion of the Conservancy Board, or of the Board of Trade on Appeal, be injurious to Navigation *

27. If any Person, without lawful Excuse (the Proof whereof shall lie on him), unloads, throws, or puts or causes or suffers to fall any Gravel or other Substance which has been used as Ballast, or any Stones, Earth, Mud, Ashes, Effuse, or Rubbish, into the Harbour or on the Shore thereof below High-water Mark, or knowingly puts such Gravel or other Thing as aforesaid in any Place where the same is liable to be carried by Floods or extraordinary Tides into the Harbour, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

28. Any Constable, or any Person called by a Constable to his Assistance, may take into Custody, without Warrant, any Person found committing any such Offence as last aforesaid.

29. It shall not be competent for any Person, other than the Conservancy Board, their Officers, Attorneys, Solicitors, or Agents, to institute or carry on under this Act any Prosecution for any such Offence as last aforesaid.

30. Where such Offence is committed from or out of a Vessel, the Master and the Owner of the Vessel shall be liable to be proceeded against and to be punished as aforesaid, so that the Master and the Owner of the Vessel be not both punished in respect of the same Offence.

3L The Conservancy Board shall have the exclusive Right to lay down and maintain Moorings within the Harbour.

32. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Conservancy Board may grant, for such Time and on such Terms as they think fit. Licences for the mooring of floating Hulks, for the Reception and Delivery of Coal, in such Parts of the Harbour as they from Time to Time think fit, and may demand and take in respect of such Licences Fees according to such Scale as they, with the Approval of the Board of Trade, from Time to Time appoint.

33. The Conservancy Board may provide and maintain Steam *Tugs for towing Vessels into and within and out of the Harbour, and may demand and take for the Use thereof Payments according to such Scale as they, with the Approval of the Board of Trade, from Time to Time appoint.

34. For the Purposes of the Harwich Harbour Acts, and of any Byelaw of the Conservancy Board made or to be made, the Jurisdiction of all Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Essex and Suffolk respectively, and for the Boroughs of Ipswich and Harwich, shall extend throughout the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Conservancy Board.

35. For the Purposes of Proceedings under the Harwich Harbour Acts, or under any Byelaw of the Conservancy Board made or to be made, every Offence shall be deemed to have been committed, and every Cause of Complaint under those Acts or any such Byelaw shall be deemed to have arisen, either in the Place in which the same actually was committed or arose, or in any Place in which the Offender or Person complained against happens to be.

36. Where under the Harwich Harbour Acts, or any Byelaw of the Conservancy Board made or to be made, any pecuniary Penalty or Sum of Money forfeited is recovered by or on behalf of the Conservancy Board in a summary Manner, the same shall be paid to the Conservancy Board, and shall be applied as Money accruing to them under this Act from Tolls is applicable.

37. If any Person assaults or resists, or aids or incites any Person to assault or resist, any Constable or other Officer or Person in the Execution of his Duty, or the lawful Exercise of any Authority under the Harwich Harbour Acts, or under any Byelaw of the Conservancy Board made or to be made, he shall for every such Offence be liable to a Penalty rfot exceeding Five Pounds.

4 A 2 Tolls,

Penalty for throwing Gravel, &c. into Harbour.

Power to Constables to arrest, &c.

Conservancy Board alone to prosecute.

Master and Owner of Vessel liable for such Offence.

Eight to Moorings.

Licences for mooring of Coal Hulks.

Power to keep Steam Tugs.

Jurisdiction of Justices.

Venue for Trial of Offences.

Application of Penalties.

Penalty for assaulting Constables, &c.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120

Tolls, &c.

Tolls, &c. 38. The Conservancy Board shall apply all Money accruing to them under this Act from

to be applied Tolls, Bates, Fees, Dues, Property, or otherwise, in like Manner as Money received by

26 27 Vict them from Rates under The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863, is applicable.

£ 71* 39. For any Money to be borrowed by the Conservancy Board for the Purposes of the

Toli^Harwich Harbour Acts, the Conservancy Board may give as Security, separately or other-Security. wise, all or any Part of the Tolls, Rates, Fees, Dues, and Property leviable or acquired by them under this Act.

Exemptions of 40. Fishing Vessels belonging to Countries with which for the Time being Treaties Fishing Vessels exist exempting from Duties and Port Charges such Vessels when forced by Stress of in Distress. Weather to seek Shelter in the Ports or on the Coasts of the United Kingdom shall, when forced by Stress of Weather to make use of the Harbour, and not breaking Bulk while making use thereof, be exempt from Tolls, Bates, Fees, and Dues leviable under the Harwich Harbour Acts or any of them.

Miscellaneous.

Saving Rights 4L The Conservancy Board shall not take, use, or interfere with any Lands belonging Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Crown, &c. eS* without the previous Consent of the Commissioners for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Iiand Revenues, or One of them, on behalf of Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, which Consent those Commissioners respectively are hereby authorized to give; and, except a3 is provided in Section Eight of The Harwich Harbour Act, 1863, nothing in the Hancich Harbour Acts, or in any Act therewith respectively incorporated, shall divest, take away, prejudice, diminish, or alter any Estate, Right, Privilege, Power, or Authority at the passing of those Acts respectively or from Time to Time vested in or enjoyed or exerciseable by the Queen's Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, in right of the Crown, or in or by any Lessee or Licensee of the Crown; and nothing in the Harwich Harbour Acts shall authorize the Conservancy Board to execute or do, or to license the Execution or doing of, any Work, Act, or Thing that will injuriously affect the present or future Enjoyment of any Right, Power, or Interest for the Time being vested in any Person under any Lease or Licence from the Crown existing at the passing of this Act, or under any Renewal thereof; and all the Rights, Powers, Estates, and Interests of any Person for the Time being taking any Interest under any such Lease or Licence, or under any Renewal thereof, shall in all respects be as if this Act had not been passed.

Saving Powers 42. Except as in this Act expressly provided, nothing in this Act shall take away or of Board. abridge any Right, Power, Authority, Estate, or Interest vested in the Conservancy Board.

Expenses of Act

43. The Expenses of and preliminary and incidental to the preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act shall be paid by the Conservancy Board.

SCHEDULE.

I. — Tolls for Vessels using the Pier and Landing Place.

s, d.

For every vessel under the burden of 15 tons, per ton - - *-04

For every vessel of the burden of 15 tons and under 50 tons, per ton - - 0 6

For every vessel of the burden of 50 tons and under 100 tons, per ton - - 0 8

For every vessel of the burden of 100 tons and under 150 tons, per ton - - 0 10

For every vessel of the burden of 150 tons and upwards, per ton - 1 0

All lighters, for each trip, per ton - - 0 2

All boats, entirely open, landing or taking on board goods, each - 0 6

553

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

II. — Tolls bob Goods shipped or unshipped at the Pier and Landing Place.

Ale, beer, and porter, per hogshead -Ale (bottled), per barrel -

Ditto, per dozen bottles -

Anchors, per cwt.

Anchor stock, per foot run -

Bark, per ton -

Bedding, per bundle -

Beef or pork, per cwt.

Ditto, per barrel -Biscuit or bread, per cwt.

Blubber, per ton of 252 gallons - Bones and bone dust, per ton -

Bottles, per gross -

Bricks, per 1,000 -

Butter and lard, per barrel -

Ditto, per firkin -Cables, iron or hempen, per ton -

Canvas, per bolt -

Casks (empty), not being returned packages, per puncheon -Other casks in proportion.

Cattle:

Bulls, cows, and oxen, each -

Calves, each -

Horses, each -

Pigs, each -

Sheep, each -

Chalk, per ton

Cheese, per cwt. -

Chimney-pots, each -

Clay, per ton -

Cloth, haberdashery, &c., per package, not exceeding cwt. Carriages:

Chaises and other four-wheeled carriages, each Gigs, carts, and other two-wheeled carriages, each Hand-carts and perambulators, each Coals, per ton »

Copper, per ton -

Cordage, per cwt.

Cork, per cwt. -

Corpses, each -

Crystal, per box or package -

Doge, each -

Drugs (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in casks, hampers, or boxes), per foot Earthenware (in crates), per foot -Eggs, per box -

Fish (dried and salted), per cwt.

Ditto, fresh (not enumerated), per cwt.

Flax, per ton -

Flour and meal, per sack -

Ditto, per barrel -

Fruit, per bushel or sieve -Furniture (household), per 5 cubic feet -

s. d.

- - 0 6

- 0 4

- 0 1

- - 0 9

- - 0 2

- - 2 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - 0 6

- 0 3

- - 3 0

- - 1 6

- - 0 9

- - 1 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 3

- 3 0

- - 0 1

- - 0 3

- 3 0

- - 1 0

- 4 0

- - 0 6

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

- - 0 4

- - 0 3

- - 1 0

- - 0 6

» - 7 6

- - 5 0

- - 1 0

- - 1 0

- - 3 0

- - 0 3

- - 0 6

- - 20 0

- - 0 6

- - 0 6

- - 0 2

- - 0 2

- - 0 1

- - 0 3

- - 0 3

- - 0 2

- - 2 0

- - 0 4

- - 0 3

- - 0 4

- - 0 4

554

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120.

Glass, per large crate -

Ditto, per small ditto or case -

Ditto, per box -

Grains and seeds, per quarter -

Groceries (not enumerated) -

Guano, per ton

Gunpowder, per barrel or keg

Hams, bacon, or tongues, per cwt. -

Hardware, per ton -

Hares and rabbits, per dozen -

Hay, per ton ---- Ditto per truss -

Hemp, per ton -

Herrings (fresh), per 1,000

Ditto (cured), per barrel ... Hides: — Ox, cow, or horses (wet or dry), each Iron:

Bar, bolt, rod, and shots, per ton Pig and old, per ton -

Manufactured, per ton -

Pots, each -

Kelp, per ton -

Lead, per ton -

Leather (tanned and dressed,) per cwt.

Lime, per 28 bushels -

Limestone, per ton -

Machinery, per ton -

Manure (not enumerated), per ton -

Masts and spars, 10 inches in diameter and upwards, each Ditto, under 10 inches - '

Meat (fresh), per cwt.

Milk, per gallon -

Musical Instruments, per cube foot -

Nets, per 5 cubic feet -

Oakum, per cwt. -

Oils, per tnn -

Oilcake, per ton -

Oranges and Lemons, per box -Ores, per ton -

Oysters, per bushel -

Paint, per cwt.

Pitch and Tar, per barrel -

Potatoes, per cwt. -

Poultry and Game, per dozen -

Rags and Old Bope, per ton .....

Sails, per cwt. -

Salt, per cwt.

Sand, per ton -

Shrimp baskets, each. -

Skins: — Calf, Goat, Sheep, Lamb, or Dog, per dozen Slates, per ton of 24 cubic feet -

Spirits (Foreign and British), per hogshead

Ditto, ditto, per gallon -

Stones, per ton of 16 cubio feet -Steel, per ton -

Sugar, per cwt.

s. d. -16 - 1 0 - 0 6 -06 - 0 6 - 1 6 -06 0 4 - 2 6 -04 -16 - 0 2 -20 -03 -03 -02

- 1 6 - 1 0 -26 -01 - 2 0 - 2 6 -03

- 1 4

- 1 0 -26 - 1 0

- 4 6

- 3 0

- 0 6

- 0 Oi

- 0 1 -04 - 0 2 - 2 0 -20 - 0 6 - 1 0

- 0 3

- 0 4 -06 -02

- 0 4 -20

- 0 6 - 0 1 - 1 0 - 0 2 -06 - 2 0 - 1 0 - 0 1 - 1 6

- 3 0

- 0 3

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120

555

s.

Tallow, Soap, and Candles, per cwt - ---- 0

Tea, per chest ---- -1

Tiles, per 1,000 - -1

Tin and Zinc, per ton -.. -3

Tobacco, per cwt. - - - 0

Turbot, per score - - - - 0

Turnips, per ton - - -0

Turpentine and Varnish, per barrel - .-0

Turtle, each - - -2

Vegetables (not enumerated), per cwt. - - 0

Vinegar, per hogshead - -0

Vitriol, per carboy - - -1

Water, per cask - - - 0

Wine, per hogshead - -1

Ditto, bottled, per dozen bottles - - -0

Wood: —

Fir, Pine, and other description not enumerated, per load of 50 feet - - 1

Oak or wainscot, per load of 50 feet - - 2

Firewood, per 216 cubic feet fathom - 1

Laths and Lathwood, per fathom of 216 cubic feet - 2

Handspikes, per 120 - - - 3

Oars, per 120 - - -5

Spars, under 22 feet in length, above 2\ and under inches in diameter, per 120 5

Ditto, 2£ inches in diameter and under, per 120 - 4

Ditto, 22 feet in length and upwards, and not exceeding inches in diameter, per 120 - -- -- - -9

Ditto, above and under 6 inches in diameter, per 120 - - 14

Spokes of wheels, not exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - 2

Ditto, exceeding 2 feet in length, per 120 - - 3

Treenails, per 1,000 - -2

Wedges, per 1,000 - -2

Pipe staves, and others in proportion, per 120 - 2

Lignum vitae, fustic, logwood, mahogany, and rosewood, per ton - 2

Wool, per cwt - - -0

Yarn, per cwt. - - -0

All other Goods not particularly enumerated above.

Light goods, per cube foot - -- - - 0

Heavy goods, per ton - - -2

In charging the rates on goods the gross weight or measurement of all goods to be taken, and for any less weights, measures, and quantities than those above specified a proportion of the respective rates shall be charged.

d.

3

0

6

0

6

3 6 6 6

4 6 0

3 0 2

6

0

6

6

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

6

6

6

0

4 2

1

0

III. — Tolls for Use of Cranes, Weighing Machines, and Sheds ON OR IN

CONNEXION WITH PlER AND LANDING PLACE.

1«&, Cranes. S. d.

All goods or packages not exceeding ton - - 0 4

Exceeding ton and not exceeding 2 tons - 0 6

2 tons 99 3 tons - 0 8

» 3 tons 99 4 tons - - 0 10

) > 4 tons 99 5 tons - - 1 0

99 5 tons 99 6 tons - - 1 2

99 6 tons 99 7 tons - - 1 4

99 7 tons 99 8 tons - - 1 6

99 8 tons 99 9 tons - - 1 10

99 9 tons 99 10 tons - - 2 4

99 10 tons - — — — — — - 3 6

556

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 120, 121.

2d., Weighing Machines. s. d.

For goods weighed, for each ton or part of a ton - - 0 2

3d., Sheds.

For each ton of goods of 40 cubic feet, or for each ton of goods of 20 cwt., which shall remain in the sheds or other works of the pier for a longer time than 48 hours, the sum of 3c?., and the sum of per ton for each day during which such goods shall remain after first 48 hours.

For any portmanteau, trunk, parcel, or other article of passengers' luggage, for each day or part of a day, per package - - - 0 2

IV. — Tolls for supplying Water on Pier and Landing Place.

Water, per 1,000 gallons - - 10 0

V. — Tolls on Passengers and Promenaders using the Pier and Landing Place. For every passenger landing on the pier or landing place from or embarking from

it on board of any vessel or boat, for each time - - 0 6

For every person using the pier or landing place for the purpose of walking for exercise, pleasure, or any other purpose, except for embarking or disembarking, for each time - - -04

For every bath or sedan chair taken on the pier or landing place, for each time - 0 6 For every perambulator - ---02

For every master of any vessel, boat, or wherry, being an inhabitant of the parish of Felixstowe, or Walton, or Landguard, and using the pier or landing place for the purpose of going to or returning from his own vessel, boat, or wheny, an annual sum of - - - 20 0

VI. — Tolls on Passengers' Luggage.

For every trunk, portmanteau, box, parcel, or other package, being passengers* luggage, not exceeding 28 lbs.

Over 28 lbs. and not exceeding 84 lbs.

Over 84 lbs. and not exceeding 112 lbs.

Over 112 lbs. and not exceeding 140 lbs.

Over 140 lbs. and not exceeding 196 lbs.

Over 196 lbs. and not exceeding 2 cwt.

And for every Cwt. beyond -

And so in proportion for any part of a cwt

0 2 0 4 0 5 0 6 0 7 0 8 0 4

CAP. CXXI.

24 & 25 Vict. c. 109.

An Act to amend " The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861.

[5th Juhj 1865.]

WHEREAS by the Thirty-third Section of the 4' Salmon Fishery Act* 1861," it is 4 provided that it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at any

4 General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace from Time to Time to appoint Conservators or Overseers for the Preservation of Salmon, and enforcing for that Purpose the Provisions of the said Act within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of such Justices: And whereas no Funds are provided., by the said Act for carrying into effect the Purposes thereof, and no Provisions are made for securing the Co-operation of the Conservators of different Counties where a River frequented by Salmon borders on or passes through several Counties: And whereas it is expedient to amend the said Act in respect of the foregoing Particulars, and it is also expedient to make further Provisions for the

4 Removal

557

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Removal of illegal fixed Engines, and otherwise to amend the said Act Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as C{ The Salmon Fishery Act, 1865," and this Act and the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, may be cited together as the " Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865."

2. This Act, so far as is consistent with the Tenor thereof, shall be read as One with the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861.

3. In this Act and the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, the following Words shall have the Meanings herein-after assigned to them, unless there be something in the Subject or the Context repugnant to such Construction; that is to say,

" River " shall include such Portion of any Stream or Lake, with its Tributaries, and such Portion of any Estuary, Sea, or Sea Coast, as may from Time to Time be declared, in manner herein-after provided, to belong to such River:

u Salmon River" shall mean any River as above defined frequented by Salmon or Young of Salmon:

" Quarter Sessions " shall include " General Sessions

Any Riding, Division, or Liberty of a County having a separate Court of Quarter Sessions shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed to be a County.

Appointment of Conservators.

4. The Justices of a County at any Court of Quarter Sessions held after the passing of this Act (due Notice having been previously given according to the Practice of the said Sessions) may, by Writing under the Hand of their Chairman, apply to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to form into a Fishery District or Districts all or any of the Salmon Rivers lying wholly or partly within their County, and the said Secretary of State may form such District or Districts accordingly, and may include in any District so formed any River or Rivers, or Parts thereof, although not situated in the County on behalf of which the Application is made.

5. The Limits of a River shall be defined for the Purposes of this Act, and a Fishery District shall be formed, by a Certificate under the Hand of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, describing the Limits of the River or District by a Reference to a Map or otherwise as to the said Secretary may appear expedient, but no Such Certificate shall be granted unless One Month's previous Notice of the Intention of the said Secretary to grant the same, and of the intended Limits of the River or District, has been given by Advertisement in such Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulating within the intended Limits, and in such daily Morning Newspaper or Newspapers published in London, as may be directed by the said Secretary of State, and when a Certificate has been granted a Copy shall be advertised in such Newspaper or Newspapers.

6. Where any Fishery District lies wholly within any One County, the Justices of that County in Quarter Sessions assembled shall appoint a Board of Conservators for that District, and shall name the Time and Place at which the First Meeting of any Board so appointed is to be held.

7. Where a Fishery District does not lie wholly within the Limits of One County, the Justices of any County within which any Part of such District lies, assembled at any Court of Quarter Sessions, may apply to the Justices of every other County in that District to appoint at their next Court of Quarter Sessions a Fishery Committee of Three of their Number, to form, with the Fishery Committee of the like Number to be appointed at that Sessions by the County making the Application, a Joint Fishery Committee for the District.

28 & 29 VICT 4 B 8. An

[Short Title.]

Construction of Act.

Definition of Terms.

Power to Justices of County to apply for Formation of Fishery Districts.

Limits of River and of Fishery District how settled.

Appointment of Conservators to District within Limits of One County.

Committee for Fishery District in different Counties.

Application for Appointment of Joint Committee.

Appointment of Fishery Committee.

Notice of Appointment of Fishery Committee.

Proceedings of Joint Fishery Committee.

Meeting of Joint Fishery. Committee.

Dissolution of a Joint Fishery Committee.

Ex-officio Members of Board.

8. An Application under this Act by the Justices of One County to the Justices of another, in respect of the Appointment of a Joint Fishery Committee, shall be made by the Clerk of the Peace of the One County sending, within Fourteen Days after the holding of the Sessions at which the Application is resolved on, to the Clerk of the Peace of the other County, by Post, a Letter requiring the Justices of the other County to appoint a Fishery Committee at their then next ensuing Quarter Sessions, and it shall be the Duty of the Clerk of the Peace making the Application, and of the Clerk of the Peace of every County to whom such Application is sent, to add to the Notice required by Law to be given of the holding of such last-mentioned Sessions a Notice of the Appointment proposed to be made of a Fishery Committee.

9. At the Quarter Sessions mentioned in the Application the Justices of each County shall appoint a Fishery Committee of Three of their Members; and any County neglecting to make such Appointment shall be deemed to have concurred in any Decision that may be arrived at by the Fishery Committees of the other Counties, or of such of them as may appoint a Fishery Committee.

10. The Clerk of the Peace of every County shall, as soon as possible after the Appointment of a Fishery Committee by his County, give Notice by Post to the Clerk of the Peace of every other County in the District, stating in such Notice the Names and Addresses of the Members composing the Fishery Committee of his County, and the Clerk of the Peace of the County that made the Application for such Appointment shall, in the* Notice sent by him, name a Time and Place at which the Joint Fishery Committee for such District is to meet.

11. The said Joint Fishery Committee, on meeting at the Time and Place aforesaid, shall elect a Chairman, and the Chairman elected at the First Meeting shall, if he is present at the Time appointed for holding any other Meeting, be Chairman of that Meeting; if he is not so present the Members present may choose any One of their Number present to be Chairman of such last-mentioned Meeting.

A Joint Fishery Committee may adjourn from Time to Time and from Place to Place, and One Third of the whole Number of Members appointed shall be a Quorum.

Every Question shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Members voting on that Question, and in the event of an Equality of Votes at any Meeting the Chairman shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

The Proceedings of a Joint Committee shall not be invalidated by reason of there being any Vacancy or Vacancies in their Body.

12. The said Joint Fishery Committee shall proceed to appoint a Board of Conservators for silbh District, and shall determine the following Matters:

1. The Number of Conservators to be appointed as a Board:

2. The Number of Members of the Board to be appointed by each County in the

District:

3. The Names of the First Members of the Board, distinguishing those who are to be

considered as appointed by each County:

4. The Time and Place at which the First Meeting of the said Board is to be held:

5. The County by the Quarter Sessions of which the Accounts of the Board are to be

audited, herein-after referred to as the Audit County.

Any Member of a Joint Committee may be appointed Member of the Board.

13. When a Joint Committee have completed their Dispositions for the Formation of a Board of Conservators for a District, they shall give Notice by Post of such Dispositions to the Clerks of the Peace of all the Counties in such District, and when such Notice has been given the Joint Committee shall be dissolved.

14. All Justices of the Peace for any County any Part whereof is within the Limits of any Fishery District, being either Owners or Occupiers of any Lands of the Value of not less than One hundred Pounds per Annum abutting upon any Salmon River within the same, and having a Right of Fishing in such River, and all Persons paying under this Act

Licence

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121. 559

Licence Duty within that District to an Amount of not less than Fifty Pounds per Annum each, shall be ex-officio Members of the Board of Conservators for such District in addition to the appointed Members of the said Board.

15. The Members of a Board of Conservators shall hold Office for One Year and be Tenure of appointed annually at Quarter Sessions, and in the Case of a Board formed by a Joint Office by Con-Committee in the Proportions fixed by that Committee. Retiring Members shall be 8ervators* eligible for Re-appointment; and if at the Time when any annual Appointment ought to

take place no such Appointment is made the existing Conservators shall remain in Office until their Successors are appointed.

Any casual Vacancy occurring by Death, Resignation, or otherwise in the Office of Conservator may be filled up by the Board, and the Member chosen to fill such Vacancy shall hold his Office for such Time only as the Member vacating would have held the same if no Vacancy had occurred.

16. Notice of the First and of every subsequent Appointment of a Board of Conservators, Notice of specifying the Names and Addresses of the Persons appointed, shall, in the Case of a Board Appointment appointed by the Justices of a single County, be advertised by the Clerk of the Peace of °ore# n8erva' that County in some Newspaper published or circulated in such County, and in the Case

of a Board appointed by a Joint Committee be advertised by the Clerk of the Peace of every County in the District in some Newspaper published or circulated in that County.

17. After the Appointment of a Board of Conservators in pursuance of this Act in any Cesser of District the Powers of all Conservators or Overseers for the Preservation of Salmon, appointed in pursuance of any other Act of Parliament, of Charter or Custom, and all ^rotors. ° Powers of appointing the same, shall absolutely determine within the Limits of the said District.

18. No Objection shall be made at any Trial or in any legal Proceeding to the Validity Rules as to of any Orders or Proceedings relating to the Appointment of a Board of Conservators in Objections and any District after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Date of the Adver- Vldence* tisement of such Appointment in the Newspaper, and a Copy of the Newspaper containing

the Advertisement of the Appointment of a Board of Conservators shall be receivable in all Courts of Justice and in ail legal Proceedings as Evidence of such Appointment having been made.

19. Where more than One Salmon River not included in the same Fishery District Provision as flows into a common Estuary the said Secretary of State may define the Limits of such ^tunon Estuary, including therein any Portion of the adjoining Sea or Sea Coast, and form it into a tuary* separate District, and place the whole of such District, either temporarily or permanently,

within the Jurisdiction of any One or more of the Boards having Jurisdiction over the Salmon Rivers flowing into the Estuary, or place such District under the Jurisdiction of a Board composed of Representatives from the other Boards, and may require such Board or Boards to pay a certain Proportion of the Licence Duties received by them to any other Board or Boards.

20. A Fishery District may from Time to Time be altered by including therein or Alterations of excluding therefrom any Salmon River or Part of a Salmon River. Any such Alteration Fishery Dis-shall be made by a Certificate of the said Secretary of State, upon the Application of the

Board of Conservators of the District, and after not less than Six Months previous Notice in Writing has been given to any other Board whose District is affected by such Alteration.

Where the Effect of such Alteration is to include in a District a Portion of a County not hitherto included, the Justices of that County in Quarter Sessions assembled shall add such Number of Members to the existing Board of the District as the said Secretary of State may determine, and where the Effect of the Alteration is to exclude altogether from the District any County, the Members of the Board appointed by such County shall cease to hold their Offices at the Board, and the Members of the Board appointed by the other Counties in the District may respectively be increased in such Manner as the said Secretary thinks fit: Provided, firstly, that no Alteration of any District shall affect the Powers of

4 B 2 any

Constitution of Board of Conservators,

Proceedings of Board.

Appointment of Committees.

Amendment of Section 18 of Salmon Fishery Act, 1861.

Vacancies in Board and Defect in Qualification of Members.

Evidence of Proceedings at Meeting.

Enumeration of Powers of Board of Conservators.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

any existing Board or Boards until the new Districts are fully constituted, and any Change occasioned by such Alteration in the Constitution of any existing Board or Boards completely carried into effect; secondly, that Notices of any Alteration made in a District or in the Constitution of a Board of Conservators in pursuance of this Section shall be advertised in some Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the District or Districts affected by such Alteration.

Board of Conservators, and their Officers.

21. A Board of Conservators shall be a Body Corporate, havinff perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, with Power to make Contracts, and to sue and be sued in a common Name.

22. A Board of Conservators shall meet for the Despatch of Business, and shall from Time to Time make such Regulations with respect to the Election of a Chairman of their Meetings, the summoning, Notice, Place, Management, and Adjournment of their Meetings, and generally with respect to the Transaction and Management of Business, including the Quorum at Meetings, as they think fit, subject to the following Conditions:

(a.) The First Meeting after the Formation of the District shall be held at the Time and Place fixed in manner provided by this Act:

(b.) An Extraordinary Meeting may be summoned at any Time, on the Requisition of Three Members of the Board:

(r.) The Quorum to be fixed by the Board shall consist of not less than Three Members:

(d.) Every Question shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Members voting on that Question; and in the event of an Equality of Votes the Chairman for the Time being shall have a Second or Casting vote.

23. A Board of Conservators may appoint Committees of their Members, may fix a Quorum for each Committee, and may lay down Rules for its Guidance. Every Question before a Committee shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Members voting on that Question, and in the event of an Equality of Votes the Chairman for the Time being shall have a Second or Casting Vote.

24. Where any Salmon River is within the Jurisdiction of a Board of Conservators appointed under this Act, any Application to the Home Office in respect of the Close Time on such River, in pursuance of Section Eighteen of "The Salmon Fishery Act, 1861," shall be made by the Board of Conservators, instead of by the Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled.

25. No Act or Proceeding of a Board of Conservators shall be questioned on account of any Vacancy or Vacancies in their Body; and no Defect in the Qualification or Appointment of any Person or Persons acting as Member or Members of such Board shall be deemed to vitiate any Proceedings of such Board in which he or they have taken part.

26. Any Minute made of Proceedings at a Meeting of a Board of Conservators, if signed by the Chairman of that Meeting, either at the Meeting of the Board at which such Proceedings took place, or at the next ensuing Meeting of the Board at which such Person may be present, shall be receivable in Evidence in all legal Proceedings without further Proof; and until the contrary is proved every Meeting of the Board in respect of the Proceedings of which Minutes have been so made shall be deemed to have been duly convened and held, and all the Members thereof to have been duly qualified.

27. A Board of Conservators shall have Power within their District to do the following Things, or such of them as they may in their Discretion think expedient; that is to say,

(1.) From Time to Time, by Writing under the Hand of the acting Chairman for the Time being of the Board, to appoint a sufficient Number of Water Bailiffs and other Officers, to assign to them their Salaries and Duties, and to remove any Water Bailiff or- Officer so appointed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent the said Board of Conservators from obtaining the Services

of

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121. 561

of additional Constables under the Act Third and Fourth Victoria, Chapter Eighty-eight, Section Nineteen, for the Purpose of carrying out the Provisions of this Act; Such Constables, when appointed, to have all the Powers and Privileges of Water Bailiffs, and to be paid for their Services by the said Board:

(2.) To issue such Licences for fishing as are provided by this Act:

(3.) To purchase by Agreement, for the Purpose only of Removal, Dams, Fishing Weirs,

Fishing Mill Dams, or fixed Engines they may deem it expedient to remove forithc Benefit of the Fisheries in their District:

(4.) To take legal Proceedings against Persons violating the Provisions of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861, 1865, or either of them, or for removing such Weirs or other fixed Engines as they may be advised are illegal:

(5.) Generally to execute such Works, do such Acts, and incur such Expenses as they may deem expedient to be executed, done, or incurred for the Protection and Improvement of the Salmon Fisheries within their District, the Increase of Salmon, and the stocking of the Waters in their District therewith, but so that it shall not be lawful for the Board of Conservators to pay to any Member of the Board any Salary, Fees, or other Remuneration for his acting in any way as a Member of or under the Board:

Provided that this Section shall not authorize any tiling to be done which may injuriously affect any navigable River, Canal, or Inland Navigation.

28. A Board of Conservators may, for the Purpose of defraying any Costs, Charges, and Mortgage of Expenses incurred or to be incurred by them under the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861, 1865, with the Consent of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Licence Duties authorized to be imposed by them, or of any other Property belonging to them, any Sums of Money necessary for defraying such Costs, Charges, and Expenses; and for the Purpose of securing the Repayment of any Sums of Money so borrowed, together with such Interest as aforesaid, the Board of Conservators may mortgage and assign over to the Persons by or on behalf of whom such Sums are advanced the said Duties and Property, or any Part thereof; and the Clauses of p

the Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847, with respect to Mortgages to be created by the Commissioners, shall form Part of and be incorporated with this Act, and any Mortgagee or Assignee may enforce Payment of his Principal and Interest by Appointment of a Receiver.

28. An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of every Board of Conservators, in Audit of such Form and with such Particulars as may be required by the Court of Quarter Sessions of that appoints the Board, or in the Case of a Joint Board by the Court of Quarter Sessions of the Audit County, shall be laid annually before such Courts of Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, and the Justices assembled at such Courts may disallow any Item that they consider to be illegal.

30. Any Conservator or Water Bailiff appointed under this Act may examine any Power of Dam, Fishing Weir, Fishing Mill Dam, or fixed Engine within the Limits of his District, or any artificial Watercourse connected with a Salmon River in that District, and any of Fisheries. Owner or Occupier of any such Dam, Weir, Engine, or artificial Watercourse refusing to any Conservator or Water Bailiff Access to such Dam, Weir, Engine, or Watercourse shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence.

A Conservator or Water Bailiff may search all Boats, Nets, Baskets, and other Instruments used in fishing in Salmon Rivers, he may seize all ill^al Nets and other Instruments of fishing, and all Fish and other Articles forfeited in pursuance of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861, 1865, and generally may act as a Constable for the Enforcement of the Provisions of the said Salmon Fishery Acts, and when so acting shall be deemed to be a Constable, and have all the same Powers and Privileges, and be subject to the same Liabilities, as a Constable duly appointed now has or is subject to within his Constablewick by virtue of the Common Law of this Realm, or of any Statute.

The Production, with respect to a Conservator, of a Certificate of his being a Conservator under the Common Seal of the Board of which he is a Member, and with respect to a

Water

562

Order for Entry of Water Bailiff on Land.

Alteration of Fish Pass or Free Gap.

Issue of Licences.

Rules as to

Licences.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 12!.

Water Bailiff the Production of the Instrument of his Appointment, executed in the Manner directed by this Act, shall be sufficient Warrant for any Conservator or Water Bailiff exercising the Authorities given by this Act

31. Where it appears to nny Justice of the Peace, on the Application of any Conservator or Water Bailiff made on Oath, that such Conservator or Bailiff has good Reason to suspect that Acts in contravention of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865, are being or are likely to be done on any Land situate on or near to a Salmon River, the Justice may, by Order under his Hand, authorize such Conservator or Bailiff, during a limited Period, to be specified in such Order, not exceeding Twenty-four Hours, to enter upon and remain on such Land during any Hours of the Day or Night for the Purpose of detecting the Persons guilty of the aforesaid Acts; and no Conservator or Water Bailiff entering or remaining on any Land in pursuance of such Order shall be deemed to be a Trespasser; but this Section shall not affect any other Powers of Search conferred by the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865.

32. On Application to the Secretary of State by any Board of Conservators, setting forth that any Fish Pass or Free Gap within their District, under the Provisions of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, is in their Opinion capable of Improvement, the said Secretary of State may direct any Alteration in the said Fish Pass or Free Gap, or may direct a new Fish Pass or Free Gap to be made in another Site, and the Board of Conservators shall defray all Costs, Charges, and Expenses attending the Alteration or Erection of any such Fish Pass or Free Gap, and for the Purposes of this Section, where a River is divided into separate Branches, each Branch shall be considered as a separate River: Provided, that no Injury shall be done under the Exercise of the Powers given by this Section to the Supply of Water to or of any navigable River, Canal, or other Inland Navigation.

Licences.

33. In any Fishery District subject to the Control of a Board of Conservators Licences shall be granted at fixed Prices to all Persons using any Rod and Line for fishing for Salmon, and in respect of all Fishing Weirs, Fishing Mill Dams, Putts, Putchers, Nets, or other Instruments or Devices, except Rods and Lines, whereby Salmon are caught; and the Produce of such Licences shall be applied in defraying the Expenses of carrying into effect in such District the Salmon Fishery Acta, 1861 and 1865.

34. The following Rules shall be observed with respect to the Licences granted in pursuance of this Act; that is to say,

(1.) A Licence for the Use of a Rod and Line within a Fishery District shall be granted to the Person named therein on Payment of the Sum of One Pound, or such less Sum as may be determined by the Board of Conservators of the District. A Licence for the Use of a Rod and Line shall not in any Case be transferable.

(2.) Licences for Fishing Weirs, Fishing Mill Dams, Putts, Putchers, Nets, and other Instruments or Devices, except Rods and Lines, for catching Salmon, shall be granted on Payment of such Sums, not exceeding the Sums specified in the First Schedule hereto, as may from Time to Time be determined by the Board of Conservators of the District, with the Approval of One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State; Licences for Fishing Weirs, Fishing Mill Dams, Putts, Putchers, Nets, or other such Instruments or Devices as aforesaid shall be available only for the Use of the Persons within the Districts, and in respect of the Instruments or Devices to whom or for whose Use within and in respect of which the same are respectively granted:

(3.) The Approval of the said Secretary of State to a Scale of Licences for Fishing Weirs, Fishing Mill Dams, Putts, Putchers, Nets, and other Instruments or Devices as aforesaid shall not be given for any District unless One Month's previous Notice of the Intention of the Board to apply for such Approval has been given by Advertisement, stating the Scale of Licence Duties proposed by the Conservators, in some One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in the District:

(4.) Any

563

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

(4.) Any Person for the Time being entitled to an exclusive Right of fishing for Salmon in any River or Part of a River may, upon Application to the Conservators of the District, obtain a General Licence; and such General Licence shall enable the Licensee or any Person authorized by him in Writing under his Hand, without any other Licence, to fish for Salmon in any legal Manner in such River or Part of a River, but it shall not be of any Validity beyond the Limits to which it refers: There shall be paid for such General Licence such Sum as the Conservators may from Time to Time determine, with the Sanction of the said Secretary of State, having regard to the Extent and Productiveness of the Fishery, and to the Nature of the Instruments or Devices used for catching the Fish:

(5.) All Persons demanding to purchase Licences, and tendering to any Person appointed by the Board to distribute the same the Amount of Licence Duty to be paid under the Provisions of this Act, shall be entitled to receive the same without any Question or Objection whatsoever. But no Licence shall confer any Right to fish in any Place or at any Time in or at which the Licensee is not otherwise entitled to fish; nor shall the Grant of a Licence be held to make any Fishing Weir, Fishing Mill Dam, Putts, Putchers, Net, or other Instrument or Device legal that would otherwise be illegal, or to imply any Recognition of the Legality of any such Instrument:

(6.) All Licences granted in pursuance of this Act shall be available only during the Fishing Season of the Year for which they are granted:

(7.) Licences granted in pursuance of this Act shall be issued by the Conservators of each District in such Form as may be approved by the Secretary of State, and be distributed in such Manner as they may from Time to Time direct:

(8.) The Conservators of a District shall, on their First Appointment, give Notice, by Advertisement in One or more Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulating in their District, of a Time, not being less than Three Months after such Appointment, at the Expiration of which it will be illegal to fish for Salmon in that District without a Licence, and shall state in the Notice a Place or Places within their District where Licences may be procured; and the Production of a Copy of a Newspaper containing any such Advertisement as aforesaid shall be conclusive Evidence, as respects a Fishery District, of due Notice having been given of the Time after which it will be illegal in that District to fish for Salmon without Licences.

35. From and after a Time to be appointed as aforesaid in a Fishery District, any Person fishing in that District with a Rod and Line for Salmon without a proper Licence shall be liable to a Penalty of not less than double the Amount to be paid for the requisite Licence, and not exceeding Five Pounds.

36. From and after a Time to be appointed as aforesaid in a Fishery District, any Person using within that District any Fishing Weir, Fishing Mill Dam, Putt, Putcher, Net, or other Instrument or Device, not being a Rod and Line, for catching Salmon, without having a proper Licence for the same, shall be liable to a Penalty of not less than double the Amount to be paid for the requisite Licence, and not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

37. Any Licensee under this Act on producing his Licence, any Conservator on producing a Certificate of his being a Conservator, or any Water Bailiff appointed in pursuance of this Act on producing the Instrument appointing him, or any Constable, if authorized so to do by the Justices in Quarter Sessions, may require any Person found fishing with a Rod and Line, Fishing Weir or Fishing Mill Dam, Net, or other Instrument, to produce his Licence; and the Person required to produce the same shall, if he do not produce the same, or make a reasonable Excuse for the Nonproduction thereof, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding One Pound.

38. A County of a City or County of a Town shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed to be a County; and any Act hereby authorized to be done by or to the Justices of a County in Quarter Sessions assembled shall, in the Case of a County of a City or County of a Town, be done by or to the Council of such City or Town assembled at any Meeting of Council; and any Act to be done by or to the Clerk of the Peace may be done by or to

the

Penalty on fishing with Rod without Licence.

Penalty on fishing at Weirs or with Nets without Licence.

Production of Licence.

County of City or County of Town included under the Term County.

Amendment of Provisions relating to fixed Engines.

Commissioners to inquire as to fixed Engines.

Certificate as to privileged Engines.

Commissioners to inquire as to Pishing Weirs.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

the Town Clerk or other like Officer; and Notice of a Meeting of the Council given in the usual Way shall be equivalent to the Notice of Quarter Sessions required to be given in the Case of the Justices of a County.

Fixed Engines.

39. "Fixed Engine" shall in this Act and the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, include any Net or other Implement for taking Fish fixed to the Soil, or made stationary in any other Way, not being a Fishing Weir or Fishing Mill Dam: And whereas by the Eleventh ' Section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, it is provided that the said Section shall not affect any ancient Right or Mode of fishing as exercised at the Time of the passing of the ' Act by virtue of any Grant or Charter or immemorial Usage Be it enacted, That the said Provisions shall extend to exempt from the said Eleventh Section such fixed Engines only as were in use for catching Salmon during the Open Season of One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, in pursuance of an ancient Right or Mode of fishing as lawfully exercised during such Open Season, by virtue of any Grant or Charter or immemorial Usage, which last-mentioned fixed Engines are herein-after referred to as privileged fixed Engines. But inasmuch as in certain Cases fixed Engines in use during the Four Years previous to 1861, or One of such Years, may from temporary Causes have been out of use during the Year 1861, and it is expedient to provide for such Cases, it is hereby declared, that if it is proved to the Satisfaction of the Special Commissioners appointed under this Act that any fixed Engine not in use during the Open Season of 1861 was in use during One of the said Four Years, Proof of its User during One of such Four Years may be substituted for Proof of its User during the Open Season of 1861; so, nevertheless, that no Person shall by proving the Use of different fixed Engines during the said Years be allowed to be entitled to a Number of privileged Engines exceeding the greatest Number of such Engines in use by him during some One of the Years 1857, 1858, 1859, 1860, 1861.

40. Subject to such Appeal as is herein-after mentioned, the Special Commissioners appointed under this Act, herein-after referred to as the Commissioners, may inquire into the Legality of all fixed Engines erected or used for catching Salmon within the Limits of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865, and abate and remove all such as are not proved to their Satisfaction to be privileged.

41. Where a Claim is made by any Person on behalf of a fixed Engine that it is privileged, the Commissioners shall, on Proof being given to their Satisfaction that such Engine is privileged, certify to that Effect, stating in the Certificate the Situation, Size, and Description of the Engine. A Certificate given in pursuance of this Section shall be deemed to be an Order of the Commissioners, and to be subject to Appeal as such. If unappealed from, or as confirmed or amended on Appeal, such Certificate shall be conclusive Evidence that the Engine is a privileged Engine within the Meaning of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865, but the Certificate shall not render any Engine legal that would be otherwise illegal by reason of its being injurious to Navigation.

42. Subject to such Appeal as is herein-after mentioned, the Commissioners may inquire into the Legality of all Fishing Weirs and Fishing Mill Dams throughout the Limits of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865, and shall remove such Fishing Weirs, and cause to be rendered incapable of catching Fish such Fishing Mill Dams as are in contravention of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861; provided that where a Fishing Weir is illegal only by reason of its not having a Free Gap as required by Law, or a Fishing Mill Dam is illegal only by reason of its not having a Fishing Pass attached thereto as required by Law, this Section shall not empower the Commissioners to remove such Fishing Weir if an Undertaking be entered into, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, by the Owner or other Person interested in such Weir, to make a legal Free Gap therein within a reasonable Time to be prescribed by the Commissioners, and a Free Gap is made accordingly, or to cause to be rendered incapable of catching Fish such Fishing Mill Dam if a like Undertaking be entered into to attach a Fish Pass thereto, as required by Law, within a reasonable Time to be prescribed by the Commissioners, and such Fish Pass be attached accordingly.

43. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

43. The Commissioners shall advertise in some daily Morning London Newspaper, and in some Newspaper circulating in the District in which any Salmon River or Part of a River is situate, Notice of the Place where and Time when they will be prepared to hold a Court for determining the Legality of all Fishing Weirs, Fishing Milldams, and fixed Engines on that River or Part of a River.

The Advertisement in the said Newspapers shall be inserted at least Twenty-eight Days before the Time at which any Court mentioned therein is appointed to be held. The Commissioners may alter any Place or Time mentioned in such Advertisements, on giving Notice of such Alteration in such Manner as the Commissioners may think best calculated to insure to the Parties interested Knowledge of such Alteration. The above-mentioned Advertisement shall be in the Form marked A. in the Second Schedule hereto, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit. In addition to the foregoing Advertisements, the Commissioners, at least Fourteen clear Days before entering upon an Inquiry as to the Legality of any Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed Engine, shall S2rve a Notice on the Owner or One of the Owners of such Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed Engine to appear before them at a Place and Time mentioned in such Notice.

Service of a Notice under this Section may be made either by delivering the Notice

tersonally to such Owner, or leaving it at or sending it by Post in a registered Letter to is last known Place of Abode, or, if the Owner cannot be ascertained after due Inquiry, by posting a Copy of the Notice on the Fishing Weir, I'ishing Milldam, or fixed Engine that forms the Subject of the Inquiry.

The Notice shall be in the Form marked B. in the Second Schedule hereto, or as near thereto as Circumstances admit, and may be addressed as appears in the said Schedule, and need not contain the Name of any Person.

For the Purposes of this Section any Person for the Time being receiving the Profits or a Share of the Profits of the Salmon caught by such Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed Engine shall be deemed to be the Owner, but in addition to any Owner the Commissioners shall hear any Person appearing before them, whether legally interested or not in a Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed Engine.

Any person obstructing or refusing Access to any Officer of the Commissioners who may be desirous of posting any Notice in pursuance of this Section on a Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed fengine shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds for each Offence, and any Person defacing, destroying, or removing any such Notice shall, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings; and a Notice shall be deemed to have been duly posted where the non-posting thereof has been occasioned by some Person obstructing or refusing Access to the Officer about to post the same.

The Production of a Copy of a Newspaper containing any Advertisement required by this Act shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be Evidence of Such Advertisement having been given at the Time at which the Newspaper bears Date.

44, On the Appearance of the Owner or other Persons for or against auy Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed Engine, and after hearing what, if anything, is alleged by him or them, or on his or their Behalf, or in the Absence of any such Persons, if they or any of them do not appear, and the Commissioners are satisfied by Evidence on Oath that the Notices Required by the Act have been given, the Commissioners shall decide as to the Legality or Illegality of the Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed Engine, and in the event of their Decision being in favour of its Illegality they may, by Warrant under their Hands, order the Owner to remove a Fishing Weir, or render incapable of catching Fish a Fishing Milldam, where the Law requires such Fishing Weir or fixed Engine to be removed, or such Fishing Milldam to be rendered incapable of catching Fish, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners, within a reasonable Time to be prescribed in the Order, not being less than Three Months; and in case the Owner fails to comply with the Directions of the Order, then the Commissioners may, by Warrant under their Hands, authorize any Constable or other Person, at the Expense of the Owner, to carry their Order into effect. The Commissioners may sell any fixed Engine, or any Materials belonging to any Fishing Weir or Fishing Milldkm, that are removed in pursuance of this Act, and apply the Proceeds of the Bale in defraying any Costs, Charges, and Expenses incident to carrying 29 & 29 Vict. 4 C their

565

Notices of Courts of Commissioners.

Hearing as to Legality of fixed Engines.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Appeal from Decision of Special Commissioners.

their Order into effect in reference to such Fishing Weir, Fishing Milldam, or fixed Engine, and shall render the Surplus, if any, to the Persons they may deem entitled thereto.

Provided that if it is proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners that any Posts or other Materials belonging to an illegal Fishing Weir or fixed Engine ordered to be removed may be capable of being used by any Person as Evidence of Title to any Foreshore or other Land, the Commissioners shall, instead of ordering the entire Removal of such Posts or Materials, require the Fishing Weir or fixed Engine to be destroyed so far only as they may in their Discretion think necessary in order to prevent its being used for Fishing Purposes.

45. If any Person feels aggrieved with any Decision of the Commissioners the Person aggrieved may appeal as follows; that is to say,

1. The Appeal shall be to One of Her Majesty's Superior Courts of Law at Westminster.

2. The Appeal shall be by Special Case stating the Facts and the Grounds for the

Decision.

3. The Special Case shall be settled by the Commissioners upon the Application of the

Appellant to be made in Writing within Fourteen Days after the Delivery of the Decision, and not afterwards; and if the Appellant be dis-satisfied with the Special Case as settled by the Commissioners, he may have the same settled by a Judge of One of the said Superior Courts, on Summons, at Chambers.

4. Before the Delivery of the Case to the Appellant he shall enter into a Recognizance

before the said Commissioners or a Justice of the Peace, with or without Sureties, and in such Sum as the Commissioners or the Justice think fit, conditioned to prosecute without Delay the Appeal, and to submit to the Judgment of the Appellate Court, and to pay such Costs as may be awarded.

5. The Special Case shall be signed by the Commissioners, and shall be delivered to the

Appellant by the Commissioners.

6. On the Receipt of the Special Case the Appellant shall within Fourteen Days transmit

by Post or otherwise the original Case to the proper Officer of the Appellate Court.

7. When a Party gives in good Faith Notice of an Appeal under this Section, but omits

through Mistake to do some Act necessary to perfect the Appeal, the Appellate Court may permit an Amendment on such Terms as it thinks just.

8. After the Decision of the Appellate Court has been given on a Case stated as aforesaid, the Commissioners shall have the same Powers to enforce that Decision, when affirmed or amended, as they would have had to have enforced their original Decision if it had not been appealed from.

9. Save as herein-before varied, the Provisions of the Summary Jurisdiction Act of the

Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty's Reign, Chapter Forty-three, as to the Powers of the Superior Court, as to directing a Special Case to be stated, as to the enforcing of Recognizances, and as to all other Matters, shall apply to an Appeal under this Section in the same Manner as if the Words " Justice or Justices" in the said Summary Jurisdiction Act included the Special Commissioners appointed under this Act.

10. Any Act required by this Section to be done by the Commissioners may be done by Two of them, of whom the Barrister hereinafter mentioned shall be One.

Appointment 46. Her Majesty may, by Warrant under the Royal Sign Manual, appoint any Number of Commission- of Persons not exceeding Three, of whom One shall be a Barrister of not less than Seven Si^MMoal. Years standing at the Bar, to be Commissioners under this Act during Her Majesty's Pleasure, and upon every Vacancy in the Office of any Commissioner by Death, Resignation, or Incapacity to act may appoint some other fit Person to fill the Vacancy: Provided always, that in the Case of a Vacancy by the Death, Resignation, or Incapacity of the Commissioner required by this Act to be a Barrister, another Barrister qualified as aforesaid be appointed in his Place.

Commissioners 47. The Commissioners appointed under this Act shall be styled "the Special Corn-Common Seal m"8^oners for English Fisheries;" they shall cause to be made for their Commission such mm°n a. geaj or gea]8 they may reqUjre. an(| any Summons, Order, Warrant, or other Instrument,

567

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

ment, or Copy thereof, purporting to be sealed with the Seal of the Commissioners, and to be signed as herein-after mentioned, shall be received in Evidence without any further Proof.

48. No Commissioner shall during his Continuance in Office be capable of being elected ^"^8i.oner8

or of sitting as a Member of the House of Commons. Pwliamen£.

49. All Warrants for the Removal of any Fishing Weir or fixed Engine, or for the Acts of the Alteration of any Fishing Milldam, shall be signed by Two at least of the Commissioners,

and all Cases relating to the Removal of such Fishing Weir or fixed Engine, or Alteration of any Fishing Milldam, shall be heard by all the Commissioners, but the Opinions of Two of them, of whom the said Barrister shall be One, shall, in case of Difference, decide any Question; any other Acts, except as aforesaid, authorized to be done by the Commissioners may be done by any One of them, and any Notice or other Instrument under the Seal of the Commissioners, and signed by any Person delegated by them, shall be deemed to be sufficiently executed.

50. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time fix such The Treasury Salaries as they may think fit for the Commissioners hereby appointed, and also appoint

such additional Officers, Clerks, and Servants at such Salaries as the said Commissioners of addi^ona^0 the Treasury may think proper and necessary, and from Time to Time dismiss such Officers, Officers. Clerks, and Servants, and appoint others in their Place.

51. The Offices of the said Commissioners, and all Powers, Rights, and Privileges per- Duration of taining thereto, shall continue in force for Two Years, and from thenceforth until the End Offi°e ?f.

of the next Session of Parliament. Commwoner

52. The Commissioners may examine any Witnesses on Oath, and with respect to en- Powers of forcing the Attendance of Witnesses, and the Production of Deeds, Books, Papers, and ^18sioner8* Documents, shall have the same Powers as the Judges of One of Her Majesty's Superior

Courts of Westminster have for such or the like Purposes; moreover it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to order any Person to be removed from their Court who may interrupt the Business of the Court, or refuse to obey their lawful Orders in respect of the same; and it shall be the Duty of the Chief Constable, Commissioner, or Chief Officer of Police of the County, City, Borough, or Place in which the Court is held to take care that an Officer of Police do attend that Court during its Sitting for the Purpose of keeping Order therein, and to carry into effect any such Order of the Commissioners as aforesaid.

53. Copies of Orders of the Commissioners made in pursuance of this Act, with the Copies of, accompanying Plans and Maps, if any, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County where any Engine or any Subject Matter to which such Order relates is situate; and any Copy of such Order, Plan, or Map purporting to be stamped with the Seal of the Commissioners shall be admissible in Evidence, and any Copy of any Certificate or Order of the said Secretary of State in pursuance of the Salmon Fisheries Acts, 1861-1865, or either of them, purporting to be stamped with the Official Stamp of the Office of the said Secretary, and to be signed by any Person by Order of the said Secretary of State, shall also be admissible in Evidence.

54. Every Person who upon Examination before the Commissioners, or any One of Penalty for them, wilfully gives false Evidence, and every Person who wilfully swears, affirms, or »wearing. declares falsely in any Affidavit relating to any Matter within the Cognizance of the Commissioners, shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties of Perjury.

55. Proceedings before the Commissioners shall not abate or be suspended by any Death Proceedings

or Transmission or Change of Interest; but in any such Case of Death or Transmission or by

Change of Interest it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, when they see fit, to require a Notices to be given to Persons becoming interested, or to make any Orders for continuing, suspending, or carrying on the Proceedings, or otherwise in relation thereto, which to the Commissioners appears just

, 4 C 2 Miscellaneous.

Power in certain Cases to award Imprisonment with Hard Labour instead of Penalty.

Minimum

Penalties.

Forfeiture of Nets, &c.

Limit of Time for Compensation for Fish Pass.

Consent of Conservators necessary for artificial Propagation of Salmon.

As to Disqualification of Justices.

Payment of Penalties to Conservators in certain Cases.

River Esk within Limits of Act.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 121.

Miscellaneous.

56. Where any Person has been convicted twice of an Offence under any of the following Sections of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, that is to say, Sections Eight, Nine, Fourteen, Seventeen, and Nineteen, he may, on being convicted a Third Time of an Offence against any of the said Sections, instead of being fined in a pecuniary Penalty, be sentenced to Imprisonment with or without Hard Labour for any Period not exceeding Six Months, and, if a Licensee, he shall on being convicted a Second Time of an Offence against the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861, 1865, forfeit his Licence.

57. The Penalty in respect of any Offence under the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861-1865, shall on a Conviction for a Second Offence be not less than One Half the greatest Penalty capable of being imposed in respect of such Offence; and on a Conviction for a Third or any subsequent Offence the greatest Amount of Penalty mentioned in the said Acts shall be imposed; but nothing herein contained shall affect the Provisions of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1865, in respect of the Discretion of imposing the Punishment of Hard Labour as therein mentioned.

58. Where any Person has been convicted of an Offence under Section Seventeen of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, he shall, in addition to the Penalties thereby incurred, forfeit any Net or moveable Instrument used in committing such Offence, and the convicting Justices shall direct the same to be sold or destroyed, and the Proceeds of such Sale shall be paid to the Conservators of the District

59. ' Whereas by the Twenty-third Section of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, any Person ' sustaining Loss by reason of a Person or Body of Persons affixing a Fish Pass to a Dam,

in pursuance of that Section, may recover Compensation for such Injury in a summary i Manner from the Person or Body of Persons by whom such Fish Pass has been affixed Be it enacted, That no such Compensation shall be recovered unless Proceedings for the Recovery of the same are instituted within Two Years after the Time at which the Fish Pass was first affixed to the Dam.

60. Where any Person, under the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, is exempted from a

Penalty in respect of using or having in his Possession Salmon Roe on the Ground that he uses or has it in his Possession for artificial Propagation or other scientific Purposes, or is upon the same Ground exempt from a Penalty in respect of taking or having in his Possession unclean or unseasonable Salmon, or catching or attempting to catch Salmon when spawning or near their Spawning Beds, he shall not, if within a District where a

Board of Conservators is established, be exempt in any of the above Cases from such

Penalty unless the Consent of the Board has been given in Writing to such Use or

Possession of Salmon Roe, or to such taking possession of unclean or unseasonable

Salmon.

61. No Justice of the Peace shall be disqualified from hearing any Case arising under the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861, 1865, or either of them, by reason of his being a Conservator or a Member of a Board of Conservators, or a Subscriber to any Society for the Protection of Salmon or Trout; provided that no Justice shall be entitled to hear any Case in respect of an Offence committed on his own Land.

62. Where any Penalty is recovered on the Complaint of a Board of Conservators or of any Officer of or Person authorized by a Board of Conservators, the Court shall, unless for special Reason they think it inexpedient so to do, direct the whole of the Penalty and the Proceeds of any Forfeiture to be paid to the said Board, to be applied by them for the Purposes of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861, 1865.

63. The River Esk, together with its Banks and Tributary Streams up to their Source, shall be deemed to be within the Limits of the Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861 and 1865: Provided that all Offences against the said Acts committed within Scotch Jurisdiction shall be prosecuted and punished in manner directed by the " Salmon Fisheries (Scotland) Act, 1862.

64. The

as* & 29° VICTORIA, c. 121.

64. The Sections of the Salmon Fishery Act, 1861, that apply to fishing with Lights, Spears, and other prohibited Instruments, and to using Roe as a Bait, and which are numbered respectively Eight and Nine, as amended by this Act, shall apply to Trout in a Salmon River situate in a Fishery District which is subject to a Board of Conservators appointed under this Act; and in any such River no Person shall fish for, catch or attempt to catch, or kill any Trout between the Second Day of November and the First Day of February following, both inclusive; and any Person wilfully killing any Trout in any such River as aforesaid during such Interval as aforesaid shall forfeit any Trout caught by him, and shall, in addition thereto, be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds for each Offence: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall apply to any Person having in his Possession Trout or Trout Roe for the Purpose of artificial Propagation or other Purpose, if such Person has the Permission in Writing of the Board of the District in which the River runs from whence such Trout or Trout Roe has been taken to catch such Trout, and to have in his Possession such Trout or Trout Roe for the Purposes aforesaid.

65. AH Salmon intended for Exportation shall be entered for that Purpose with the proper Officer of Customs, at the Port or Place of intended Exportation, before Shipment thereof; and any Salmon shipped or exported, or brought to any Wharf, Quay, or other Place for Exportation, between the Third Day of September and the Second Day of February following, contrary to this Section, shall be forfeited, and the Person shipping or exporting, or bringing the same for Exportation, shall be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Two Pounds for every Salmon so shipped or exported, or brought for Exportation; and any Officer of the Customs may, between the Third Day of September and the Second Day of February, open any Parcel entered or intended for Exportation, or brought to any Quay, Wharf, or other Place for that Purpose, and suspected by him to contain Salmon, and may detain any Salmon found in such Parcel until Proof is given, in manner provided by Law, of the Salmon being such as may be legally exported; and if the Salmon, before such Proof is given, become unfit for Human Food, the Officer of Customs may destroy the same.

66. If any Person feels aggrieved by any Determination or Adjudication of the Justices with respect to any Penalty or Forfeiture under the Salmon Fishery Acts 186L 1865, or either of the said Acts, the Person so aggrieved may appeal to the Court of General or Quarter Sessions for the County or Place in which the Cause of Appeal has arisen, holden not less than Fifteen Days and not more than Four Months after the Decision of the Justices from which the Appeal is made; provided that the Appellant shall, within Three Days after the Cause of Appeal has arisen, give Notice in Writing to the other Party to the Proceedings of his Intention to appeal, and of the Grounds thereof; and also provided that the Appellant shall, within Three Days after the Cause of Appeal has arisen, enter into a Recognizance before a Justice of the Peace, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned personally to try such Appeal and to abide the Judgment of the Court thereon, and to pay such Costs as may be awarded by the Court: The Court may adjourn the Appeal, and upon the Hearing thereof may confirm, reverse, or modify the Decision of the Justices, with or without Costs, to be paid by either Party.

Draft or Hang Nets Coracle Nets Box, Crib, or Cruive -Putts

FIRST SCHEDULE.

Licence Duties.

Maximum.

£ s. d.

- each 5 0 0

- - i) 2 0 0

" 99 10 0 0

- " 99 0 2 6

569

Partial Application of Salmon Acta to Trout in Salmon Rivera.

Provisions as to Exportation of Salmon.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions in cane of summary Conviction.

570

28° & 29° VICTORIA, c. 121, 122.

£ s. (L

Putchers, under 50- - -100

For every additional 50 or Part thereof - - 1 0 0

For Outriggers or Leaders to Putts or Putchers of 100 Yards in

Length, or under - - - 10 0

For any Outriggers or Leaders of greater Length - 5 0 0

For Y-Weirs, or Gog-heads or Baulks, each - -1000

Otter, Lath, or Jack - each 3 0 0

Cross Line - - -, 200

For any Instrument not named in this Schedule, and not being a Rod and Line, such Sum as may be determined by the Conservators with the Approval of the Secretary of State.

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Form A.

Advertisement. — Salmon Fishery Acts, 1861, 1865.

Notice is hereby given, That the Special Commissioners for English Fisheries will hold a Court and at Such Court

will proceed to inquire into the Legality of all Fishing Weirs, Fishing Milldams, and fixed Engines situate on the and all

Persons interested in such Engines are required to attend at such Court from Day to Day until discharged, in order that a Decision may be made by the said Commissioners with respect to the Removal of such Fishing Weirs or fixed Engines, or the Alteration of such Fishing Milldams, or that such other Order may be made by them in the Premises as the Facts of each Case appear to warrant.

Form B.

Notice.

To the Owner of the, and all other Persons interested

therein.

Take notice, you are required to appear before us, the Special Commissioners for English Fisheries, and thenceforward

from Day to Day until discharged, in order that there may be then and there an Inquiry by us touching the Legality of and that a Decision may be made by

us with respect to their Removal, or tbit such other Order may be made by us in the Premises as the Facts of the Case may appear to us to warrant.

Given under our Hands and under the Common Seal of the said Commissioners this Day of 186 .

CAP. CXXII.

An Act to amend the Law as to the Subscriptions and Declarations to be made and Oaths to be taken by the Clergy of the Established Church of England and Ireland.

[5th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Subscriptions, Declarations, and Oaths required to be made and taken by the Clergy of the United Church of England and Ireland

should be altered and simplified Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows;

L The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 122.

571

L The following Declaration is herein-after referred to as " the Declaration of Assent." Declaration # of Assent

1^ A.B. do solemnly make the following Declaration:

I assent to the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion, and to the Book of Common Prayer

and of the ordering of Bishops, Priests, and Deacons. I believe the Doctrine of the United c Church of England and Ireland, as therein set forth, to be agreeable to the Word of

God; and in Public Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments I will use the Form in the said Book prescribed, and none other, except so far as shall be ordered by lawful c Authority."

2. The following Declaration is herein-after referred to as "the Declaration against The Declara-Simony tion against

f I A.B. solemnly declare. That I have not made, by myself or by any other Person on

A my Behalf, any Payment, Contract, or Promise of any Kind whatsoever which to the

best of my Knowledge or Belief is simoniacal, touching or concerning the obtaining the

f Preferment of nor will I at any Time hereafter perform or satisfy,

f in whole or in part, any such Kind of Payment, Contract, or Promise made by any other (without my Knowledge or Consent."

Simony.

the Stipendiary Curate's

Stipendiary

Curate's

Declaration.

3. The following Declaration is herein-after referred to as Declaration

I A.B., Incumbent of in the County of

f bon& fide undertake to pay to C.D. of in the County of the annual Sum of Pounds as a Stipend for his Services as Curate, and I

C.D. bon& fide intend to receive the whole of the said Stipend.

And each of us the said A.B. and C.D. deolare that no Abatement is to be made out of the said Stipend in respect of Rent or Consideration for the Use of the Glebe House; f and that I A.B. undertake to pay the same, and I C.D. intend to receive the same,

without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever. '

4. Every Person about to be ordained Priest or Deacon shall, before Ordination, in the Subscription Presence of the Archbishop or Bishop by whom he is about to be ordained, at such Time and Oaths on as he may appoint, make and subscribe the Declaration of Assent, and take and subscribe mation* the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy according to the Form set forth in the Act of the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty,

Chapter Forty-eight.

5. Every Person about to be instituted or collated to any Benefice, or to be licensed to any Perpetual Curacy, Lectureship, or Preachership, shall, before Institution or Collation is made or Licence granted, make and subscribe the Declaration of Assent, and the Declaration against Simony, and take the said Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy, in the Presence of the Archbishop or Bishop by whom he is to be instituted, collated, or licensed, or the Commissary of such Archbishop or Bishop.

6. Every Person about to be licensed to a Stipendiary Curacy shall, before obtaining Declaration on such Licence, present to the Archbishop or Bishop by whom the Licence is to be granted, ^tipep- the Stipendiary Curate's Declaration, signed by himself and by the Incumbent of the <"ary y' Benefice to which he is about to be licensed.

7. Every Person instituted or collated to any Benefice with Cure of Souls, or licensed to Declaration

a Perpetual Curacy, shall, on the first Lord's Day on which he officiates in the Church of afterinstitution such Benefice or Perpetual Curacy, or on such other Lord's Day as the Ordinary may or atM>n' appoint and allow, publicly and openly, in the Presence of the Congregation there assembled, read the Thirty-nine Articles of Religion, and immediately after reading the same make the said Declaration of Assent, adding, after the Words " Articles of Religion," in the said Declaration, the Words " which I have now read before you."

If any Person instituted, collated, or licensed as aforesaid wilfully fails to comply with the Provisions of this Section, he shall absolutely forfeit his Benefice or Perpetual Curacy,

but

Subscription and Oaths on Institution to Benefice or Licence to a Perpetual Curacy, &c.

572

Declaration after Licence to Stipendiary Curacy.

No other Declaration or Oaths than those required by Act to be enforced.

Declaration of Assent to be substituted in case of other Ecclesiastical Appointments.

When Oaths not to be administered.

Oath of canonical Obedience not affected.

Extent of Act.

[Short Title.]

As to Repeal of Acts in Schedule.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 122.

but no Title to present by Lapse shall accrue by any such Forfeiture until the Ordinary has given Six Months Notice thereof to the Patron.

8. Every Person licensed to a Stipendiary Curacy shall, in the Presence of the Archbishop or Bishop by whom he was licensed, or of the Commissary of such Archbishop or Bishop, (unless, having been ordained on the same Day, he haB already made and subscribed the same,) make and subscribe the Declaration of Assent, and on the first Lord's Day on which he officiates in the Church or in One of the Churches in which he is licensed to serve publicly and openly make the Declaration of Assent in the Presence of the Congregation there assembled, and at the Time of Divine Service.

If any Person licensed to a Stipendiary Curacy wilfully fails to comply with the Provisions of this Section his Licence shall be void.

9. Subject as herein after mentioned, no Person shall, on or as a Consequence of Ordination, or on or as a Consequence of being licensed to any Stipendiary Curacy, or on or as a Consequence of being presented, instituted, collated, elected, or licensed to any Benefice with Cure of Souls, Perpetual Curacy, Lectureship, or Preachership, be required to make any Subscription or Declaration, or take any Oath, other than such Subscriptions, Declarations, and Oath as are required by this Act.

10. On all Occasions other than those herein-before provided for, on which any Declaration or Subscription with respect to the Thirty-nine Articles or the Book of Common Prayer or the Liturgy is required to be made by any Person in Holy Orders appointed to any Ecclesiastical Dignity, Benefice, or Office, the making and subscribing the Declaration of Assent shall be substituted for the making any such Declaration or Subscription as aforesaid; and on all Occasions other than those herein-before provided, on which any Oath against Simony is required to be taken, the making and subscribing the Declaration against Simony shall be substituted for the taking such Oath.

U. No Oath shall be administered during the Service for the Ordering of Deacons, or during the Service for the Ordering of Priests, or during the Service for the Consecration of Archbishops and Bishops.

12. Nothing in this Act contained shall extend to or affect the Oath of canonical Obedience to the Bishop, or the Oath of due Obedience to the Archbishop taken by Bishops on Consecration.

13. That this Act do extend to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, and to the Isle of Man.

14. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Clerical Subscription Act, 1865."

15. The Enactments described in the Schedule hereto, and all Enactments amending, confirming, or continuing the same, and all other Enactments inconsistent with this Act, are hereby repealed.

SCHEDULE.

Title of Act. Description of repealed Enactments.

28 Hen. 8. c. 15. (Irish). 1 Eliz. c. 1. An Act to restore to the Crown the ancient Jurisdiction over the Estate Ecclesiastical and Spiritual, and abolishing all foreign Powers repugnant to the same. The whole of Sections Nine and Ten. Sections* Nineteen, Twenty, Twenty-one, Twenty-two, and Twenty-three, so far as they relate to any Oath to be taken by a Person who is ordained or licensed to a Stipendiary Curacy, or presented, instituted, collated, elected, or licensed to any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy, Lectureship, or Preacher-ship.

The Numbers of the Sections correspond with the Numbers in the ordinary Editions of the Statutes.

Title of Act.

Description of repealed Enactments.

2 Elk. c. 1. (Irish).

An Act restoring to the Crown the ancient Jurisdiction over the Estate Ecclesiastical and Spiritual, and abolishing all foreign Power repugnant to the same.

13 Elk. c. 12.

An Act for the Ministers of the Church to be of sound Religion.

13 & 14 Cha8.2. c. 4.

An Act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers and Administration of Sacraments and other Rites and Ceremonies, and for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons in the Church of England.

17 & 18 Chas. 2. c. 6. (Irish).

1 Wm. & Mary, c. 8.

An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance and appointing other Oaths.

3 Will. & Mary, cap. 2.

An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland and appointing other Oaths.

1 Geo. 1. st. 2. c. 13.

An Act for the further Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales and his open and secret Abettors.

Sections Seven, Eight, and Nine, so far as they relate to any Oath to be taken by a Person who is ordained or licensed to a Stipendiary Curacy, or presented, instituted, collated, elected, or licensed to any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy, Lectureship, or Preachership.

The whole of Section Three, except the Words following: " No Person shall hereafter be admitted to any Benefice " with Cure, except ho then be of the Age of Three-and- twenty Years at the least, and a Deacon."

And so much of Section Five as provides that no one shall be admitted to the Order of Deacon or Ministry unless he shall first subscribe to the said Articles.

The whole of Sections Six, Eight, and Eleven, and Section Nineteen, except the Words following: " No Person shall be or be received as a Lecturer, or permitted, suffered, or " allowed to preach as a Lecturer, or to preach or read any " Sermon or Lecture in any Church, Chapel, or other Place " of Public Worship within this Realm of England, or the " Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed," unless he be first approved and thereunto licensed by the " Archbishop of the Province or Bishop of the Diocese, or " (in case the See be void) by the Guardian of the Spiri- tualities under his Seal."

The whole of Sections Three, Five, and Six, and Section Eighteen, except the Words following: " That no Person " shall be or be received as a Lecturer, or permitted, suffered," or allowed to preach as a Lecturer, or to preach or read " any Sermon or Lecture in any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Public Worship within this Realm of Ireland," unless he be first approved and thereunto licensed by the " Archbishop of the Province or Bishop of the Diocese, or " (in case the See be void), by the Guardian of the Spiri- tualitie sunder his Seal."

The whole Act so far as relates to any Oath to be taken by any Person who is ordained or is licensed to a Stipendiary Curacy, or presented, instituted, collated, elected, or licensed to any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy, Lectureship, or Preacher-ship.

So much of Section Four as relates to Persons admitted to any Ecclesiastical Office or Employment.

Sections Two and Seven, so far as they relate to any Oath to be taken by any Person who is ordained or is licensed to a Stipendiary Curacy, or presented, instituted, collated, elected, or licensed to any Benefice, Perpetual Curacy, Lectureship, or Preachership.

23 G. 2. c. 28. The whole Act

1 & 2 Vict. c. 106. Part of Section Eighty-one, beginning with the Words " and

" in every Case in which Application shall be made " to the End of the Section.

4 D

28 & 29 Vict.

574

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123.

There shall be applied for the Service of the Year ending 31st March 1866 the Sam of 23, 342, 558/. 3s. 3d. out of the Consolidated Fund. The Treasury may cause 23, 342, 558/.

3*. 3d. of Exchequer Bills to be made out in manner prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.,

4 & 5 W. 4. c. 15., and

5 & 6 Vict. c. 66.

The Clauses, &c. in recited Acts extended to this Act.

Interest on Exchequer Bills.

Bank of England may advance 23, 342, 558/.

3s. 3d. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W. & M. c. 20.

Bills prepared, by virtue of this Act to be delivered to the

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year ending Thirty-first March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[6th July 1865.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards making good the Supply which we have cheerfully granted to Your Majesty in this Session of Parliament, have resolved to grant unto Your Majesty the Sums herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. There shall and may be issued and applied, for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, the Sum of Twenty-three million three hundred and forty-two thousand five hundred and fifty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Threepence out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being are hereby empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

2. The Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury may from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of Her Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-three million three hundred and forty-two thousand five hundred and fifty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Threepence, and such Exchequer Bills shall be made out in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, Chapter One, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Fifteen, and in another Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Sixty-six

3. All and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said Acts shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act

4. The Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Threepence Halfpenny per Centum per Diem upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

5. It shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby empowered, to take, accept, and receive the Exchequer Bills authorized to be made out in pursuance of this Act, and to advance or lend to Her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, upon the Credit of the Sum granted by this Act out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty-three million three hundred and forty-two thousand five hundred and fifty-ei^ht Pounds Three Shillings and Threepence, anything in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, Chapter Twenty, or in any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

6. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Exchequer Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be delivered from Time to Time to the Governor and Company of the

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123.

the Bank of England, in such Proportions as the Public Service may require, as Security for any Advance or Advances which may be made to Her Majesty by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England under the Authority of this Act.

7. It shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to issue and apply from Time to Time all such Sums of Money as shall be raised by Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act to such Services as then shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament

8. The Principal Sum or Sums of Money to be contained in all such Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland at any Period not later than the next succeeding Quarter to that in which the said Exchequer Bills have been issued; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized, from Time to Time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct the Comptroller General of the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, in such Manner as they shall think necessary, to grant a Credit on the Exchequer Funds in the Bank of England unto such Person or Persons as shall be named in the said Warrant for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole a Sum sufficient to discharge and pay off the Principal Sum or Sums of Money contained in such Exchequer Bills then outstanding, and which may have been made out and issued by virtue of this Act, together with all such Interest as may be due thereupon.

9. There shall and may be issued and applied for or towards making good the Supply granted to Her Majesty for the Service of the Tear ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six the Sum of One million three hundred eighteen thousand five hundred and twenty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ninepence, being the Surplus of Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years, and the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury are hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

10. All the Monies coming into the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland by the Acts set forth in the Schedule (A.) to this Act, amounting in the aggregate to the Sum of Thirty-nine million eight hundred and thirty-six thousand seven hundred and thirty-five Pounds, are hereby appropriated and shall be issued and applied for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein-after expressed.

11. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One hundred seventy-five thousand six hundred and fifty Pounds, to defray the second Moiety of the Charge payable by Great Britain, under the Treaty dated the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, for the Redemption of the Scheldt Toll, to the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

12. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten million four hundred fifty-six thousand one hundred and thirty-nine Pounds for or towards the Navy Services more particularly mentioned in the Schedule (B.) to this Act, to defray the Charges for the several Services specified in the said Schedule which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

13. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid thbre shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fourteen million three hundred forty-eight thousand four hundred and forty-seven Pounds, for or towards the Army Services more particularly mentioned in the Schedule (C.) to this Act, to defray the Charges for the several Services specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of

4 D 2 Payment

575

Bank, as Security for such Advances.

Monies raised by Exchequer Bills to be applied to the Services voted by the Commons.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

Treasury may apply, for the Service of the Year 1865-6, 1, 318, 526/. 16«. 9d.t Surplus of Ways and Means.

Schedule (A.) (Part 1st.)

39, 836, 735/.

Moiety of Charge for Redemption of Scheldt Toll, 175, 650/. (1864-5.)

Navy Services, 10, 456, 139/. Schedule (B.)

Army Services, 14, 348, 447/. Schedule (C.)

Exchequer

Bonds,

1,000,000l.

Civil Services. Class 1.

829, 370/. Schedule (D.)

Civil Services. Class 2.

1, 580, 185/. Schedule (E.)

Civil Services. Class 3.

2, 897, 515/. Schedule (F.)

Civil Services. Class 4.

1, 360, 821/. Schedule (G.)

Civil Services. Class 5.

476, 106/. Schedule (H.)

Civil Services. Class 6.

339, 107/. Schedule (L)

Civil Services. Class 7.

174, 768/. Schedule (J.)

Revenue Departments, 4, 656, 760/. Schedule (K.)

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123.

Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

14. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding One million Pounds, to pay off and discharge Exchequer Bonds which will become payable during the Year ending the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

15. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (D.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class I.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

16. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (E.) to this Act to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class II.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

17. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (F.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class III.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

18. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (G.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class IV.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

19. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (H.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class V.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

20. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (I.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class VII.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

21. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued

and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (J.) to this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services (Class VII.) specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment in the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

22. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sums respectively mentioned in the Schedule (K.) to this Act, to defray the Charges for the Services of the several Revenue Departments specified in the said Schedule, which will come in course of Payment

during

577

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123.

during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

23. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued Post Office and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight hundred forty-one thousand eight hundred and sixty-seven Pounds to defray the Charge of the Post Office Packet

Service, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, no Part of which Sum is to be applicable or applied in or towards making any Payment in respect of any Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three to Mr. Joseph George Churchward, or to any Person claiming through or under him by virtue of a certain Contract, bearing date the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifty-nine, made between the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Admiralty (for and on behalf of Her Majesty) of the First Part, and the said Joseph George Churchward of the Second Part, or in or towards the Satisfaction of any Claim whatsoever of the said Joseph George Churchward by virtue of that Contract, so far as relates to any Period subsequent to the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixty-three.

24. Out of all or any the Aids or Supplies aforesaid there shall and may be issued Advances for and applied any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Seven hundred thousand Pounds, j^tiCourt8 of to defray the Charge for Advances for the Purchase of a Site and for other Expenses 700,000l. for the new Courts of Justice, and Offices belonging thereto, which will come in course

of Payment during the Year ending on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six.

25. The said Aids and Supplies provided as aforesaid shall not be issued or applied Supplies to be to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, other than the Uses, Intents, and Purposes

before mentioned or specified in the several Schedules referred to in this Act, or for the poees aforesaid, other Payments, Appropriation, or Application directed to be made or satisfied thereout by any Act or Acts, or any particular Clause or Clauses for that Purpose contained in any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament.

26. 1 Whereas the Commissioners of the Treasury, under the Powers vested in them

by the Act Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Victoria, Chapter Ninety-nine, Section Twenty-four, have authorized Expenditure not provided for in the Sums appropriated to

Naval and Military Services by the said Act to be temporarily defrayed out of Surpluses

which have arisen by the Saving of Expenditure upon Votes within the same Depart-(ment for the Year ended on the Thirty-first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixty-four, as follows:

1st, Two hundred ninety-eight thousand and nine Pounds Three Shillings and Eight-

pence for Navy Services unprovided for in the Grants for Navy Services for the i said Year temporarily defrayed out of Surpluses, amounting to Four hundred ninety-four thousand three hundred and sixty Pounds Two Shillings and Four-

pence, which have arisen upon certain Votes for Navy Services for the same ' Year:

2nd, Two hundred ten thousand three hundred and eighty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Tenpence for Army Services unprovided for in the Grants for Army Services for the said Year temporarily defrayed out of Surpluses, amounting to

Seven hundred eighty-nine thousand three hundred and seventy-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ninepence, which have arisen upon certain Votes for Army 1 Services for the same Year: '

It is enacted that the Application of so much of the said Surpluses to cover the said Deficiencies is hereby sanctioned.

Sanction for Navy and Army Expenditure for 1863unprovided for.

Navy Deficiency, 298, 009/.

3s. 8d.

Navy Surplus, 494, 360/.

2s. Ad.

Army Deficiency, 210, 381/. lli. 10 d.

Army Surplus, 789, 378/. 12*. 9 d.

27. The respective Departments charged with the detailed Application of the Sums Expenditure granted by this Act for Navy and Army Services shall confine the Expenditure of their ^rm ^rdces respective Departments within the particular Amounts appropriated to each of the regpwtivSy0

separate

578

be confined to the separate Services for which granted.

10, 456, 139/.

14, 348, 447/.

Treasury may in certain Cases of Exigency authorize Expenditure unprovided for; provided that the aggregate Grants for the Navy Services and for the Army Services respectively be not exceeded.

Buies to be observed in the Application of the Sum appropriating

Schedule (C.)

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123.

separate Services comprised in the Sum of Ten million four hundred fifty-six thousand one hundred and thirty-nine Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, and in the Sum of Fourteen million three hundred forty-eight thousand four hundred and forty-seven Pounds granted by this Act for Army Services: Provided always, that if a Necessity shall arise for incurring Expenditure not provided for in the Sums appropriated to Naval and Military Services by this Act, and which it may be detrimental to the Public Service to postpone until Provision can be made for it by Parliament in the usual Course, the respective Departments shall forthwith make Application in Writing to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury for their Authority to defray temporarily such Expenditure out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected by the Saving of Expenditure upon Votes within the same Department, and in such Applications the Departments shall represent to the Commissioners of the Treasury the Circumstances which may render such additional Expenditure necessary, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to authorize the Expenditure unprovided for as aforesaid to be temporarily defrayed out of any Surpluses which may have been or which may be effected as aforesaid upon Votes within the same Department; and a Statement showing all Cases in which the Naval and Military Departments shall have obtained the Sanction of the said Commissioners to any Expenditure not provided for in the respective Votes aforesaid, accompanied by Copies of the Representations made to them by the said Departments, shall be laid before the House of Commons not later than One Month after the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure for Navy and for Army Services for the Year shall respectively have been rendered to the Commissioners of Audit, if Parliament be then sitting, and if not then within One Week after Parliament shall be next assembled, in order that such Proceedings may be submitted for the Sanction of Parliament, and that Provision may be made for the Deficiencies upon the several Votes for the said Services in such Manner as Parliament shall determine: Provided also, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shall not authorize any Expenditure which may cause an Excess upon the aggregate Sum of Ten million four hundred fifty-six thousand one hundred and thirty-nine Pounds granted by this Act for Naval Services, and upon the Sum of Fourteen million three hundred forty-eight thousand four hundred and forty-seven Pounds granted by this Act for Army Services.

28. And as to the Sum of Three hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred and fifty-nine Pounds, being the Proportion of the Sum of Four hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds by this Act appropriated to the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers, which is applicable to the Half Pay of Officers of Her Majesty's Forces, it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Rules hereafter prescribed shall be duly observed in the Application of the said Half Pay; (that is to say,) that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who was under the Age of Sixteen Years at the Time when the Regiment, Troop, or Company in which he served was reduced; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who did not do actual Service in some Regiment, Battalion, Troop, or Company in Her Majesty's Service, except in Cases in which the Commission was received under Circumstances which did not, according to the Regulations of the Army, require the Officer to serve; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same who has resigned his Commission, and has had no Commission since; that no Part of the same shall be allowed to any Person by virtue of any Warrant or Appointment, except to such Person as would have been otherwise entitled thereto as a Reduced Officer; that no Person shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any other Military Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in Her Majesty's Colonies or Possessions beyond the Seas, except on the Staff or in Garrison, and that in such excepted Cases, or in Cases of his holding any Military Place or Employment of Profit under another Government, no Officer shall receive any Part of his Half Pay unless with Her Majesty's Approbation, to be signified by the Secretary of State for War to the Paymaster General, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the other Military Place or Employment of

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123. 579

Profit on the Staff or in Garrison which he may hold or have held under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government; that no Person who shall, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, have held any Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, except in Cases in which the same shall not exceed Three Times the Amount of the highest Rate of Half Pay attached to the Rank in virtue of which he claims to receive Half Pay or as herein-after mentioned, nor in any such excepted Cases unless Her Majesty's special Approbation be signified as aforesaid, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall signify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may hold or have held as aforesaid; but if the net annual Emoluments of such Civil Place or Employment shall exceed Three Times the Amount of Half Pay as aforesaid, and shall fall short of Four Times that Amount, then it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General, with Her Majesty's Approbation signified by the Secretary of State for War as aforesaid, to issue, on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, so much of the Half Pay claimed by any such Officer as shall, together with the net annual Emoluments of the Civil Place or Employment, be equal to Four Times the Amount of such Half Pay, and the Officer claiming the Half Pay in pursuance of such Approbation shall specify in his Declaration the Civil Place or Employment of Profit which he may have held as aforesaid, and the actual Amount of the Emoluments thereof, in such Manner and Form, and calculated up to such Period or Periods, as shall be required by the Secretary of State for War; but no Person who, after the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, has been appointed to any Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except in Her Majesty's Household) under Her Majesty, or in the Colonies or Possessions of Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, shall have or receive any Part of the same for any Time during which he shall hold any such Civil Place or Employment of Profit (except as aforesaid) under Her Majesty beyond the Seas, or under any other Government, other than that of a Barrack Master under the Secretary of State for War, who shall, under the Restrictions before mentioned, be entitled to receive his Half Pay:

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person from Nat to prevent

receiving his Half Pay who shall be serving as an Adjutant in the Volunteer Force, or who shall be entitled to the same under any Act or Acts relating to the General or Local any Act relating

Militia, or to the Yeomanry, but that every such Adjutant shall receive the same on to the General

making and subscribing such Declaration as shall be specified in the Regulations made for the Volunteer Force, under the Provisions of the Volunteer Act, 1863, and every other Person shall receive the same according to the Provision of any such Act or Acts; and also

every Surgeon, Serjeant Major, Serjeant, Corporal, and Private serving in the General or

Local Militia, or in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in Great Britain or Ireland,

may and shall receive any Half Pay, together with any Pay in the General or Local '

Militia, or Yeomanry or Volunteers, upon making and subscribing a Declaration in any Case in which an Oath or Declaration shall be required in and by any Act or Acts, or specified in any Warrant of Her Majesty, as the Case may be, and stating in such Declaration the Commission or Employment which he held in the General or Local Militia, the Yeomanry or Volunteers: Provided always, that from and after the First Day of January Paymaster One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six it shall be lawful for the Paymaster General to General, by issue the Half Pay or any Portion thereof to any Officer appointed to Civil Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty or any other Government since the Twenty- may issue Half eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, if Her Majesty's Pay f° Officers Pleasure to that Effect be signified by the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury through the Secretary of State for War, but such Permission to be granted under the since July 1828. Restrictions before mentioned: Provided always, that an Account shall be laid before An Account of Parliament in every Year on or before the First Day of April, if Parliament be then sitting, Number of

receiving Half Pay to be laid before Parliament annually.

Treasury may authorize Military Officers in Civil Employments to receive Half Pay in certain Cases.

Half Pay Allowances to Chaplains of Regiments not holding Ecclesiastical Benefices derived from the Crown.

Widows, &c. claiming Pensions to make required Declaration. (Schedule C.)

Declarations to be made as specified in 5 & 6 W. 4. c. 62.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE. c. 123.

or, if Parliament shall not then be sitting, on the First Day of the Sitting of Parliament after the First Day of April, of the Number of Officers who are allowed to receive their Half Pay with Civil Emoluments, specifying the Names of such Officers, with the respective Amounts of their Half Pay, and the Emoluments of their respective Civil Employments, and distinguishing in every such Account the Officers to whom such Half Pay shall have been allowed subsequent to preceding Accounts.

29. It shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to authorize the receiving Half Pay by Military Officers with Civil Employments in any Cases in which the said Commissioners shall be of opinion that the Employment of such Military Officers in the Colonies or elsewhere in Civil Situations of Responsibility with small Emoluments will be conducive to Economy, and thereby beneficial to the Public Service, and in every such Case the Officer authorized to receive Half Pay with the Salary or Emolument of any Civil Employment shall signify the same in his Declaration, specifying the Office, and the Authority under which he is so allowed to receive his Half Pay.

30. And whereas Chaplains of Regiments who have been placed upon Half Pay have ' not been allowed to receive such Half Pay in some Years in consequence of being in ' possession at the Time of certain Ecclesiastical Benefices or Preferments, though the same were not in the Patronage of the Crown: And whereas it has been judged fair and

reasonable that they should be allowed to receive such Half Pay, though in possession of ' Ecclesiastical Preferment, provided the same was private Patronage, and not derived from ' the Crown, and that they should be entitled to receive the Arrears of Half Pay for such

former Years as aforesaid:' Be it therefore enacted, That all Chaplains who, after having been placed upon Half Pay shall have been refused or been unable to receive such Half Pay in any Year in consequence of holding any Ecclesiastical Benefice not derived from or in the Gift of the Crown, shall be entitled to receive the Arrears of such Half Pay for such Year, upon making and subscribing a Declaration before the proper Officer for administering Declarations to Persons for entitling them to receive Half Pay that they held no Ecclesiastical Benefice or Preferment in any Year derived from the Crown, nor any Place or Employment of Profit under Her Majesty, and the making and subscribing the said Declaration shall, without making and subscribing any other Declaration, be sufficient to entitle such Chaplain to receive his Half Pay.

31. And as to the Sum of One hundred and sixty-two thousand and one hundred Pounds by this Act appropriated for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of Her Majesty's Land Forces, and for defraying the Charge of Allowances on the Compassionate List as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Widow of an Officer of the Land Forces, and no Person claiming an Allowance on the Compassionate List, or of Allowances as of Her Majesty's Royal Bounty, shall have or receive any Part of the same without making and subscribing a Declaration to such Purport and Effect as shall be required in that Behalf.

32. Any such Declaration as well as all Declarations for other Army and Navy non-effective Services shall and may be made and subscribed before any One or more of Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Notary Public, resident Parish Minister, or other Person now* by Law authorized to administer or receive such Declarations, or before any of the Persons appointed to examine Vouchers in the Office of the Paymaster General, in the Manner, and under the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, specified in an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

Schk-

38° & 29° VICTORIA, c. 123

581

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Ways and Means.

Part 1st.

Schedule of Ways and Means referred to in Section 10 of this Act; viz .: For the Year 1864-5:

Granted per Act 28 Vict. Cap. 4., for the Service of the Year ending 31st March 1865 -.. 175, 650 -

For the Year 1865-6:

Granted for the Service of the Year ending 31st March 1866; viz .:

Per Act 28 Vict. Cap. 10. ..... 15,000,000 -

Per Section 1 of this Act ---- - 23, 342, 558 3 3

Per Section 9 of this Act (being Surplus Ways and Means granted for the Service of preceding Years) ---- 1, 318, 526 16 9

Total Grants of Ways and Means to meet following Supplies -

{ 1864-5 1865-6

175, 650

39, 661, 085

£39, 836, 735 -

Part 2nd.

Abstract of the Supplies granted by this Act.

For the Year 1864-5, Supplemental: Redemption of the Scheldt Toll (Section 11.) -

Navy Services Army Services -Exchequer Bonds -

Civil Services, Class I.

Class II. Class III. Class IV. Class V. Class VI. Class VII.

For the Year 1865-6:

- (Sec. 12, Schedule B.)

- (Sec. 13, Schedule C.)

- (Sec. 14)

(Sec. 15, Schedule D.) -(Sec. 16, Schedule E.)

(Sec. 17, Schedule F.) -(Sec. 18, Schedule G.)

(Sec. 19, Schedule H.) -(Sec. 20, Schedule I.)

(Sec. 21, Schedule J.)

Revenue Departments (Sec. 22, Schedule K.)

Post Office Packet Service (Sec. 23) -

Advances for New Courts of Justice and Offices (Sec. 24)

Total of Supplies chargeable upon the above Ways and Means 1864-5

L1865-6

175, 650

- 10, 456, 139

- 14, 348, 447

- 1,000,000

- 829, 370

- 1, 580, 185

- 2, 897, 515

- 1, 360, 821

- 476, 106

. 339, 107

- 174, 768

175, 650

39, 661, 085

7, 657, 872

4, 656, 760

841, 867

700,000

39, 836, 735

28 & 29 VICT.

4 E

582

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 128.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Supplies.

NAVY.

Schedule of Sums comprised in the Sum of 10, 456, 139/. granted by Section 12 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the Navy Services herein particularly mentioned* which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.:—

No.

1. For Wages to 69, 750 Seamen and Marines -

2. For Victuals and Clothing for Seamen and Marines -

3. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of the Admiralty Office

4. For Salaries and Expenses of the Coast Guard Service, the Royal Naval Coast

Volunteers, and Royal Naval Reserve -

5. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of the several Scientific

Departments of the Navy -

6. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval

Establishments at home -

7. For Salaries of the Officers and Contingent Expenses of Her Majesty's Naval

Establishments abroad -

8. For Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's

Naval Establishments at home -

9. For Wages to Artificers, Labourers, and others employed in Her Majesty's

Naval Establishments abroad -

{10. For Naval Stores for the building, Repair, and Outfit of the Fleet 10. For Steam. Machinery for Her Majesty's Ships and Vessels, and for Payments to be made for Ships and Vessels building or to be built by Contract

11. For New Works, Buildings, Machinery, and Repairs in the Naval Establishments

12. For Medicines and Medical Stores -

18. For divers Naval Miscellaneous Services -

14. For Half Pay, Reserved Half Pay, and Retirement to Officers of the Navy and Royal Marines -

15. For Military Pensions and Allowances -

16. For Civil Pensions and Allowances -

Sums not exceeding

2, 945, 006

1, 325, 694

175, 957

284, 395

70, 042

192, 415

37, 332

1, 158, 797

72, 585

1, 134, 572

564, 700

527, 985

64, 800

103, 925

698, 195

507, 211

208, 033

17.

18.

For Freight of Ships, for the victualling and Conveyance of Troops, on account of the Army -

320, 580

For Advances for the Establishment, Pensions, and Gratuities of Greenwich Hospital - -- -- - 63, 915

Total Navy Services - £ 10, 456, 189

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123

583

SCHEDULE (C.) — Supplies.

ARMY.

Schedule of Sums comprised in the Sum of 14, 348, 447/. granted by Section 18 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the Army Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment duriDg the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.

No.

1. For the General Staff and Regimental Pay, Allowances, and Charges of Her Majesty's Land Forces at home and abroad, exclusive of India -

2. For the Commissariat Establishment, Services, and Movement of Tyoops

3. For Clothing Establishments, Services, and Supplies -

4. For the Barrack Establishment, Services, and Supplies -

5. For Divine Service -

6. For Martial Law -

7. For the Medical Establishments, Services, and Supplies -

8. For the Disembodied Militia -

9. For the Yeomanry -

10. For the Volunteers -

11. For the Enrolled Pensioners and Army Reserve Forces -

12. For the Manufacturing Departments -

13. For Warlike Stores -

14. For the Superintending Establishment of, and the Expenditure for, Works

Buildings, and Repairs at home and abroad -

15. For Military Education -..

16. For the Surveys of the United Kingdom -

17. For Miscellaneous Services -

18. For the Administration of the Army -

19. For Rewards for Military Service -

20. For the Pay of General Officers -

21. For the Pay of Reduced and Retired Officers -

22. For Widows Pensions and Compassionate Allowances -

23. For Pensions and Allowances to Wounded Officers -

24. For Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and the In-pension thereof

25. For the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, &c.

26. For Superannuation Allowances, &c.

27. For the Non-effective Services of the Disembodied Militia and Yeomanry Cavalry

Sums not exceeding

5, 434, 567

1, 205, 800

574, 256

609.900 44, 335 26, 300

246, 544

786.400

91.000

334.900

46.000

972.900

485.000

811.400 163, 500

88, 345

107, 700

212, 800

26, 100

74.200

455.000 162, 100

28.200 33, 200

1, 168,000 *

131.000 29,000

Total Army Services

- £

14, 348, 447

4 E 2

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123

SCHEDULE (D.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class I.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 15 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.:—

Sums not exceeding

No.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8. 9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

For the Maintenance and Repair of the Royal Palaces -

For the Maintenance and Repair of Public Buildings; for providing the necessary Supply of Water for the same; for Rents of Houses for the temporary Accommodation of Public Departments, and Charges attendant thereon - For the Supply and Repair of Furniture in the Public Departments For maintaining and keeping in repair the Royal Parks, Pleasure Gardens, &c.

For Works and Expenses at the New Houses of Parliament - For the Maintenance and Repairs of Embassy Houses, &c. at Paris and Madrid For the Maintenance and Repairs of the Embassy Houses, Chapel, Consular Offices, Hospital, Surgeon's House, and Prison at Constantinople - For erecting a new Office for the Secretary of State for Foreign Adairs For the Industrial Museum in Edinburgh -

For Expenses connected with the Probate Court and Registries -

For enlarging the Public Record Repository, and providing the necessary Fittings - For Expenses connected with the Bridge at Westminster -

For completing the Stylobate, &c. of the Nelson Column in Trafalgar Square For the Extension of the Buildings of the Patent Office ...

For a Contribution towards the Establishment and Maintenance of a Fire Brigade in the Metropolis -

For the Purchase of Land and Houses on the South Side of Downing Street, for a Site for Public Offices -

For Repairs to the Legation House at Tangier -..

For constructing certain Harbours of Refuge -

For Works and Expenses at the new Packet Harbour and Harbour of Refuge at Holyhead, for Portpatrick Harbour, and for Works at Spurn Point -

For erecting, repairing, and maintaining the several Public Buildings in the Department of the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland -

For the Construction of new Record Buildings at the Four Courts, Dublin - For Works at the National Gallery of Ireland -

For erecting and maintaining certain Lighthouses abroad -

Towards the Erection in the Isle of Man of an Asylum for the Reception of Criminal and other Lunatics -

For One Half of the Expense of erecting, improving, and maintaining Court Houses or Offices for the Sheriff Courts in Scotland - For Contributions in aid of Local Assessments for the Relief of the Poor in respect of certain Descriptions of Government Property -

For Works at Landguard Point, near Harwich Harbour -Towards the Purchase of a Site for the Enlargement of the National Gallery

Total Civil Services, Class I.

48, 836

100, 590

12,000

99, 090

49, 456

5, 708

3, 455

60,000

9, 139

17, 893

28, 750

12,000

9.500

4.500

10,000

20,000

1, 559

76,000

49, 930

103, 677

6,000

813

19, 474

4,000

20,000

27,000

10,000

20,000

829, 370

SCHEDULE (E.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class II.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 16 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.:—

No.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20. 21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

29.

30.

the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State the Department of Her Majesty's Secretary of State

For Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Two Houses of Parliament and for Allowances to Retired Officers -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Her Majesty's Treasury For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department For Salaries and Expenses for Foreign Affairs - For Salaries and Expenses for the Colonies -

For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Most Honourable Privy Council

For Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, including the Office of the Registrar of Merchant Seamen, the Joint Stock Companies Registration Office, and the Designs Office - For Salary of the Lord Privy Seal, and the Salaries and Expenses of his Establishment For conducting the Business of the Civil Service Commission - For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of Her Majesty's Paymaster General For Salaries and Expenses in the Office of the Comptroller General of the Exchequer For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Works and Public Buildings -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues For Salaries and Expenses of the Department of Public Records -

For Expenses connected with the Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor - For the Establishment of the Mint, including Expenses of the Coinage For Salaries and Expenses of the Inspectors of Factories, Mines, Fisheries, and Alkali Works -

For Salaries of the Department of the Queen's and Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, Scotland, of certain Officers in Scotland, and other Expenses formerly paid from the Hereditary Revenue - For Salaries of the Officers and Attendants of the Household of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Offices of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland in Dublin and London -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of the Inspectors of Lunatic Asylums in Ireland, including the temporary Allowances for the Architect and Secretary of the Board of Control of Lunatic Asylums -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Public Works in Ireland For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts -

For the Expense of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission For the Imprest Expenses of the Copyhold, Inclosure, and Tithe Commission, under the Inclosure and Drainage Acts -

For Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars General of Births, &c., in London, Dublin, and Edinburgh -

For Salaries and Expenses in the National Debt Office -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Establishments under the Public Works Loan Commissioners, and the West India Islands Relief Commissioners -

For certain Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners in Lunacy in England, and the Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Lunacy in Scotland -

For Salary and Expenses of the General Superintendent of County Roads in South Wales -

Sums not exceeding

69, 064

53, 488

27, 118

66, 885

31, 658

20, 842

68, 523

2, 938

8, 874

20, 391

5, 048

32, 148

28, 482

22, 006

237, 392

49, 075

36, 826

6, 210

6, 413

16, 609

4, 007

22, 861

36, 559

19, 187

13, 290

65, 493

15, 510

3, 785

9, 635

1, 223

No.

31.

32.

33.

34.

35.

36.

37.

38.

Sums not exceeding

For Salaries and Expenses in the Departments of the Registrars of Friendly Societies in England, Scotland, and Ireland - For Salaries and Expenses of the Charity Commission for England and Wales For Salaries and Expenses of the Office in London under the Local Government Act, and for the Expense of the Inspection of Burial Grounds in England and Wales -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Land Revenue Records and Inrolments in London, and of the Landed Estates Record Office in Dublin -

For Expenses connected with Quarantine Arrangements -

For Her Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services .....

For Stationery, Printing, and Binding for the several Public Departments, and for Stationery, Printing, &c. for the Two Houses of Parliament, including the Expense of the Stationery Office -

For Postage of Letters on the Public Service in the several Departments

Total Civil Services, Class II.

2, 324

18, 915

6, 665

2, 350

1, 446

32,000

365, 410

149, 535

1, 580, 185

SCHEDULE (F.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class III.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 17 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.:—

No.

1.

2.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

ENGLAND.

For Law Charges, and for Salaries, Allowances, and Incidental Expenses, including Prosecutions relating to Coin, in the Department of the Solicitor for the Affairs of Her Majesty's Treasury -

For Prosecutions at Assizes and Quarter Sessions, formerly paid out of County Rates, including Adjudications under the Criminal Justice Act, Sheriffs' Expenses, Salaries in lieu of Fees to Clerks of Assize and other Officers, and for Compensation to Clerks of the Peace under the same Act -

For Police in Counties and Boroughs in England and Wales, and for Police in Scotland -..

For Crown Office, Queen's Bench -

For Salaries and Expenses in the Offices of the Registrar and Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty, and for Expenses of the Admiralty Court, Dublin For Salaries and Expenses of the First Commissioner of the late Insolvent Debtors' Court, and of the Clerks and Officers of the said late Court now acting in the Court of Bankruptcy and in the Offices connected therewith ... For Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Probate and Divorce and Matrimonial Causes -

For Salaries and Expenses connected with the County Courts For Salaries and Expenses of the Office of Land Registry - For the Police Courts of the Metropolis -

For the Metropolitan Police -

For Remuneration to Revising Barristers in England and Wales For Annuities by way of Compensation falling due under the Divorce and Matri monial Causes Act -

For Compensations and Retiring Annuities of certain Holders of abolished Offices under the Bankruptcy Act, 1861 -

Sami not | exceeding

i 43, 296

i

198, 033

248, 100

3, 120

12, 325

3, 296

85,000

159, 701

5, 030

20, 993

155, 166

18, 002

686

16, 772

No.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

SCOTLAND.

For Salaries and Expenses of the Lord Advocate and of the Solicitor General For Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Session -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Court of Justiciary -

For Criminal Prosecutions carried on under the Authority of the Lord Advocate - For Salaries and Expenses of the Legal Branch of the Exchequer - For Sheriffs and Stewards, including Procurators Fiscal not paid by Salaries, for Expenses of Criminal Prosecutions, &c. in Sheriff Courts, and for Compensations to Sheriffs Commissary -

For Salaries of such of the Procurators Fiscal as are no longer paid by Fees For such of the Salaries of the Sheriff Clerks as are not chargeable on the Consolidated Fund -

For Salary of the Solicitor of the Crown, and Expenses in Matters of Tithes, and the Expenses of the Agent of the Officers of State in maintaining Bights of the Crown in Civil Actions, &c.

For Salaries and Expenses of the several Offices in Her Majesty's General Register House, Edinburgh -

For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Commissary Clerk, Edinburgh For Salaries and Expenses in the Department of the Accountant in Bankruptcy -

Sums not exceeding

3, 577

18, 331

10, 816

4, 100

1, 630

35, 231

21, 842

14, 777

3,000

17, 254

1, 295

1, 529

27.

28.

29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

34.

35.

36.

37.

38.

39.

40.

41.

42.

43.

44.

45.

46.

47.

IRELAND.

For the Expense of Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Charges -

For Salaries and Expenses of certain Officers of the Court of Chancery For Salaries and Expenses of the Courts of Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, and of Offices connected with those Courts - For Salaries of the Registrars to the Judges on Circuit -

For Compensations to Seneschals and other Officers of Manor Courts For Salaries and Expenses in the Office for the Registration of Judgments For Salaries and Expenses of the Office for the Registration of Deeds For Fees to Advocates appointed to act as Commissioners of the High Court of Delegates -

For Salaries of the Judges and Officers and the incidental Expenses of the Court of Bankruptcy and Insolvency, and the Compensations awarded under the Act of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Years of Her Majesty, Chapter Sixty

For Salaries of the Court of Probate, and the Expenses of the said Court, and of the District Registries -

For Salaries and Expenses of the Landed Estates Court -

For Salaries of Process Servers -

For Remuneration to Revising Barristers in the City of Dublin - For Salaries of the Police Justices, and for the Expense of the Divisional Police Courts and the Metropolitan Police, Dublin -

For the Constabulary Force -

For Expenses of the Four Courts Marshalsea Prison, Dublin -

73, 637

5, 793

18, 742

4, 407

2, 403

8, 163

16, 416

100

6, 599

10, 668

11, 768

8, 500

420

50, 500

725, 680

2, 714

For Inspection and General Superintendence over all the Prisons and certified Reformatories and Industrial Schools in the United Kingdom For Government Prisons and Convict Establishments at home - For Maintenance of Prisoners in County Gaols, Reformatory Institutions, and Lunatic Asylums; and for the Expenses of the Removal of Convicts For Transportation of Convicts, &c.

For the Convict Establishments in the Colonies -

Total Civil Services, Class EU.

18, 999

370, 887

288, 905

20, 258

159, 059

2, 897, 515

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123.

SCHEDULE (G.) — Supplier.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class IV.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 18 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.: —

1. For Public Education in Great Britain -

2. For the General Management of the Department of Science and Art, and of the

Establishments connected therewith -

3. For Public Education in Ireland under the Commissioners of National Education

in Ireland -

4. For Salary of the Secretary and the Expenses of the Office of the Commissioners of Education in Ireland -

5. For the University of London -..

6. For Grants to Scottish Universities -..

7. For the Queen's University in Ireland -

8. For the Queen's Colleges in Ireland -

9. For the Royal Irish Academy -

10. For the Establishment and Expenses of the National Gallery of Ireland, and for the Purchase of Pictures -

11. For Salaries of the Theological Professors, and the incidental Expenses of the

General Assembly's College at Belfast, and for Retired Allowances to Professors of the Belfast Academical Institution -

12. For Salaries and Expenses of the British Museum Establishment, including the

Expense of Buildings, Furniture, Fittings, &c. -

13. For the Expenses of the National Gallery, including the Purchase of Pictures

14. For the Formation of the Gallery of Portraits of the most eminent Persons in British History -

15. For Magnetic and Meteorological Observations, &c. -

16. For preliminary Expenses on account of the Management of the British Department

of the Universal Exhibition at Paris in 1867 -

17. For enabling the Royal Geographical Society to provide Accommodation for their Meetings, &c.

18. For enabling the Royal Society to cany on certain Experiments for Public Objects

19. For enabling the Directors of the Royal Academy of Music to provide Accommodation for the Institution -

Total Civil Services, Class IV.

Sums not exceeding

693, 078

161, 841

325, 583

730

8, 773

19, 485

2, 372

5, 150

700

3, 400

2, 500

98, 164

23, 336

1, 650

7, 059

5.000

500

1.000

500

1, 360, 821

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123

589

SCHEDULE (H.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class V.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 19 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Sebvices herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz. —

No.

1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

Sums not exceeding

For the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas -

For the Ecclesiastical Establishment of the British North American Provinces For the Indian Department in Canada -

For the Salaries of the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, and others in the West Indies, and certain other Colonies -

4, 200

3, 813

1,000

23, 278

For Salaries and Allowances of the Stipendiary Justices in the West India Colonies

7, 200

For the Civil Establishments on the Western Coast of Africa For the Island of Saint Helena -

For the Orange River Territory (Cape of Good Hope)

For Heligoland ...

For the Falkland Islands -

For Labuan -

For the Pitcairn's Islanders in Norfolk Island

11, 730

4, 924

700

1, 104

5, 488

4, 641

300

For the Emigration Board and Emigration Officers at the different Ports of this Kingdom, and for certain other Expenses connected with Emigration

For the late Expedition to the Zambesi River - -

On account of the Treasury Chest -..

For Bounties on Slaves and Tonnage Bounties, for Expenses incurred for the Support and Conveyance of captured Negroes, and for other Charges under the Acts for the Abolition of the Slave Trade -

10, 531

1, 657

3,000

47,000

For Salaries and Expenses of the Mixed Commissions established under the Treaties with Foreign Powers for suppressing the Traffic in Slaves -

For the Consular Establishments abroad -..

For the Establishments iu China, Japau, and Siam

For the Extraordinary Disbursements of Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad -

10, 650

166, 018

102, 972

36, 400

For special Missions, Diplomatic Outfits, and Conveyance and Entertainment of Colonial Officers and others -

For Salaries of the Third Secretaries at Her Majesty's Embassies and Missions abroad -

Total Civil Services, Class V.

25,000

4, 500

476, 106

28 & 29 Vict. 4 F

m

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 128

SCHEDULE (L)-Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VI.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 20 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz. —

No.

1. For Superannuation Allowances and Compensations to Persons formerly employed

in the Public Service -..

2. For enabling Her Majesty to grant Relief to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants,

St. Domingo Sufferers, American Loyalists, and others who have heretofore received Allowances from Her Majesty -

3. Towards the Support of the Refuge for the Destitute - -

4. For the Subsistence of Polish Refugees and Allowances to distressed Spaniards

5. For Pensions to Masters and Seamen of the Merchant Service, and to their Widows

and Children, under the Merchant Seamen's Fund Act, and for Compensation to the late Officers of the Trustees of the Merchant Seamen's Fund -

6. For the Relief of distressed British Seamen abroad -

7. For miscellaneous Allowances formerly defrayed from the Civil List, the Hereditary

Revenues, &c., and for which no permanent Provision has been made by Parliament

8. For Allowances granted under certain Acts of Parliament to the Treasurers of Public

Infirmaries in Ireland -..

Soma not exceeding

179, 382

661

325

2, 789

54, 200

30, 400

3, 780

2.272

9. For the Westmoreland Lock Hospital, Dublin -

10. For the Rotunda Lying-in Hospital, Dublin -

11. For the Coombe Lying-in Hospital, Dublin -

12. For the Hospitals of the House of Industry, Dublin -

13. For the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, Dublin -

14. For the Meath Hospital and County Dublin Infirmary -

15. For St. Mark's Ophthalmic Hospital, Dublin -

16. For Dr. Steevens' Hospital, Dublin -

17. For the Board of Superintendence of Hospitals in Dublin -

18. For Charitable Allowances charged on the Concordatum. Fund in Ireland, and other

Allowances and Bounties formerly defrayed from Grants for the Lord Lieutenant's Household, Civil Contingencies, &c.

19. For Non-conforming, Seceding, and Protestant Dissenting Ministers in Ireland

Total Civil Services, Class VI.

2, 600

700

200

7, 600

2, 500

600

100

1, 300

245

8, 644

40, 809

339, 107

SCHEDULE (J.) — Supplies.

CIVIL SERVICES. — Class VII.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 21 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Civil Services herein particularly mentioned, which will coma in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.:—

No.

1. For the Ecclesiastical Commissioners for England -

2. For Salaries and Expenses of temporary Commissions -

3. For Fees, Salaries, Expenses, and Compensations payable under the Provisions of the Patent Law Amendment Act -

4. For Salaries and Expenses of the Board of Fisheries in Scotland -

5. On account of the Annuity to the Board of Manufactures in Scotland, in discharge of Equivalents under the Treaty of Union -

6. For Payments on account of the Difference of Dues payable by British or Foreign

Vessels under Treaties of Reciprocity -

7. For Salaries of Inspectors of Corn Returns, and for Expenses defrayed by Counties

for Corn Returns -

8. For adjusting and defining the Boundaries of Counties, Baronies, and Parishes in

Ireland -

9. For the Expense of the Publication of the Ancient Laws and Institutes of Ireland -

10. For encouraging the Cultivation of Flax in the South and West of Ireland

11. For the Expense of the Telegraphic Cable laid down between Malta and Alexandria,

and of the Balmoral Telegraph -

12. For collecting Agricultural Statistics in Great Britain -

13. For certain Expenses formerly charged upon the Vote for Civil Contingencies

Total Civil Services, Class VII.

Sums not exceeding

3, 750

30, 702

31, 003

15, 427

2,000

55, 532

2, 900

500

500

5,000

780

10,000

16, 674

174, 768

SCHEDULE (K.) — Supplies.

REVENUE DEPARTMENTS.

Schedule of Sums granted by Section 22 of this Act, to defray the Charges of the several Revenue Departments herein particularly mentioned, which will come in course of Payment during the Year ending on the 31st Day of March 1866; viz.:—

No.

1. For the Salaries and Expenses of the Customs Department -

2. For the Salaries and Expenses of the Inland Revenue Department -

3. For Post Office Services and the Collection of the Post Office Revenue

For Superannuations and Compensation Allowances, Pensions, and other non-effective Charges in the Departments of Customs, Inland Revenue, and Post Office -

Sums not exceeding

773, 009

1, 284, 157

2, 121, 478

478, 116

Total Revenue Departments

4, 656, 760

4F2

L.

Provisions of 27 & 28 Vict. c. 57. to apply to this Act

Style of Commissioners of Admiralty in Suits.

As to Costs.

Prerogatives of the Crown in Suits preserved, Sc c.

Saving for proceeding by Information, &c.

Superintendents of Dockyards to be Justices for certain Purposes.

Punishment for uttering false Petitions, Certificate, &c.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 124.

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act for consolidating certain Enactments relating to the Admiralty.

[6th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. The Provisions of The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864, respecting the User of Lands, and respecting Powers of Management and Leasing, and other Rights and Powers relative to Lands, and respecting Recovery of Possession and Sale of Lands, and respecting Actions and Suits by and against the Admiralty relative to Lands, shall apply in relation to all Lands for the Time being vested in or purchased by the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

2. Except as otherwise expressly provided, the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being may be styled, in any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity," The Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the " United Kingdom," without more; and any Action, Suit, or Proceeding shall not be affected by any Change among the Commissioners of the Admiralty; and in any Action, Suit, or Proceeding the Commissioners of the Admiralty shall be liable and entitled to pay or receive Costs according to the ordinary Law and Practice relative to Costs.

3. Nothing in this Act, or in The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864, shall take away or abridge in any Action or Suit the legal Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives of Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, but in all Actions and Suits instituted by or against the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and in all Proceedings and Matters connected therewith, the Commissioners of the Admiralty may exercise and enjoy all such Rights, Privileges, and Prerogatives as are for the Time being exercised and enjoyed in any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity by Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, as if the Crown were actually a Party to such Action or Suit.

4. Notwithstanding anything in this Act, or in The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864, it shall be lawful for Her Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to proceed by Information in the Court of Exchequer, or by any other Crown Process, legal or equitable, in any Case in which it would have been competent for Her Majesty, Her Heirs or Successors, so to proceed if no Provisions respecting Procedure had been inserted in this Act, or in The Admiralty Lands and Works Act, 1864.

5. The Superintendents of Her Majesty's Dockyards shall be in all Places Justices of the Peace in respect of all Offences specified in this Act, and of all Matters relating to Her Majesty's Naval Service, and the Stores, Provisions, and Accounts thereof.

6. If any Person, in order to sustain any Claim to any Pay, Wages, Allotment, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant, or other Allowance in the Nature thereof, Half Pay, Pension, or Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, or other Money payable by the Admiralty, or to any Effects or Money in charge of the Admiralty, — or in order to procure any Person to be admitted a Pensioner as the Widow of an Officer of the Navy, — does any of the following Things, namely, — offers or utters to any Person in the Service of the Crown or of the Admiralty any false Affidavit, knowing the same to be false, or makes or subscribes or offers or utters as aforesaid any false written Petition, Application, Statement, Answer, Certificate, or Voucher, or other false Writing, knowing the same to be false, — every such Person shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Five Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or on summary Conviction before a Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate shall be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard Labour.

7. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 124, 125.

7. The following Sections of the Act of the Session of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of Her Majesty's Reign (Chapter Ninety-eight)," to consolidate and amend the " Statute Law of England and Ireland relating to indictable Offences by Forgery," shall be incorporated with this Act, and shall be read as if they were here re-enacted, namely, — Sections Forty to Forty-two and Fifty to Fifty-three (all inclusive); and for this Purpose the Expression " this Act " used in the said incorporated Sections shall be construed to include the present Act, and Expressions therein used relating to Forgery or forged Writings shall be construed to apply to any Act being a Misdemeanor under the last foregoing Provision of this Act, and to Writings made, subscribed, offered, or uttered in contravention of that Provision.

8. If any Person in order to receive any Pay, Wages, Allotment, Prize Money, Bounty Money, Grant, or other Allowance in the Nature thereof, Half Pay, Pension, or Allowance from the Compassionate Fund of the Navy, payable or supposed to be payable by the Admiralty, or any other Money so payable or supposed to be payable, or any Effects or Money in charge or supposed to be in charge of the Admiralty, falsely and deceitfully personates any Person entitled or supposed to be entitled to receive the same, every such Person shall be guilty of a Misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable, at the Discretion of the Court, to be kept in Penal Servitude for any Term not exceeding Five Years, or to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Two Years, with or without Hard Labour, and with or without Solitary Confinement, or on summary Conviction before a Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate shall be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding Six Months, with or without Hard Labour,

9. Nothing in this Act shall prevent any Person from being proceeded against and punished under any other Act or at Common Law in respect of an Offence (if any) punishable as well under this Act as under any other Act or at Common Law.

10. This Act shall commence on such Day, not later than the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, as Her Majesty in Council thinks fit to direct.

11. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within Thirty Days after the making thereof, if Parliament is then sitting, and if not then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Parliament.

12. This Act may be cited as The Admiralty Powers, &c. Act, 1865.

CAP. CXXV.

An Act for the Regulation of Dockyard Ports.

[6th July 1865.]

BE it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

1. This Act may be cited as The Dockyard Porta Regulation Act, 1865.

2. In this Act —

The Term " Dockyard Port" means any Port, Harbour, Haven, Roadstead, Sound, Channel, Creek, Bay, or navigable River of the United Kingdom in, on, or near to which Her Majesty now or at any Time hereafter has any Dock, Dockyard, Steam Factory Yard, Victualling Yard, Arsenal, Wharf, or Mooring:

The Term " Vessel" includes Ship, Boat, Lighter, and Craft of every Kind, however propelled:

The Term " Master" applied to a Vessel means the Person having the Command or Charge of the Vessel for the Time being:

The

593

Parts of 24 & 25 Vict. c. 98. incorporated.

Punishment for Personation of Seamen, &c.

Saving for Punishment under other Acts, &c.

[Commencement of Act.]

As to Publication of Orders in Council.

[Short Title.]

[Short Title.]

Interpretation of Terms.

Power to define Limits.

Appointment of Queen's Harbour Masters.

Port Regulations to be made by Orders in Council.

Penalties in such Orders.

Orders in Council to be made as to Lights, Prevention of Collision, &c., with Concurrence of Board of Trade.

25 & 26 Vict c. 63.

As to the printing and Sale of Orders.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

The Term " Justice" and the Term "Magistrate " respectively mean a Justice of the Peace and a Magistrate acting for the Place where the Matter requiring the Cognisance of a Justice or Magistrate arises:

The Term " Sheriff" means the Sheriff Depute of the County or Ward of a County in Scotland, and the Steward Depute of the Stewartry in Scotland in which the Matter submitted to the Cognizance of the Sheriff arises, and includes the Substitute of a Sheriff or Steward Depute:

The Term " the Admiralty" means the Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral.

3. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, from Time to Time, by Order in Council, to define the Limits of a Dockyard Port for the Purposes of this Act.

4. The Admiralty may from Time to Time appoint for each Dockyard Port a fit Person to superintend the Execution of this Act, and otherwise to protect the Port, to be called the Queen's Harbour Master for the respective Port.

5. In relation to any Dockyard Port it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, from Time to Time, by Order in Council, to make Regulations for all or any of the following Purposes; namely,

To prohibit the mooring or anchoring of Vessels so as to obstruct Navigation into, in, or out of the Port:

To appropriate any Space as a Mooring Place or Anchoring Ground for the exclusive Use of Her Majesty's Vessels, but not so as to authorize any User of such Space in such Manner as to obstruct Navigation into, in, or out of the Port:

To prohibit or restrict the having of Gunpowder and the having or discharging of shotted or loaded Guns on board any Vessel in any specified Part of the Port, and to regulate the loading and unloading of Gunpowder in the Port:

To restrict the Use of Fire and Light, and the having of Tar, Oil, or other combustible Substances on board any Vessel, in any specified Part of the Port:

To prohibit the navigating of Steam Vessels at a greater than a specified Speed in any specified Part of the Port:

To require the Presence of at least One Person at all Hours of the Day and Night cm board every Vessel above a specified Size moored, anchored, or placed in any specified Part of the Port:

To prohibit or regulate the breaming of Vessels in any specified Part of the Port: And for such other Purposes as from Time to Time seem necessary with a view to the proper Protection of Her Majesty's Vessels, Dockyards, or Property, or to the Requirements of Her Majesty's Naval Service.

6. Any such Order in Council may impose such reasonable Penalties as seem fit, not exceeding for any Offence Ten Pounds; but any Provision imposing a Penalty shall be so framed that Part only of the Penalty may be ordered to be paid.

7. In relation to any Dockyard Port it shall be lawful for Her Majesty in Council, from Time to Time, by Order in Council, on the joint Recommendation of the Admiralty and the Board of Trade, to make Rules concerning the Lights or Signals to be carried or used, and the Steps for avoiding Collision to be taken by Her Majesty's Vessels and other Vessels navigating the Waters of the Port and of the Approaches thereto; and such Rules shall, with respect to Her Majesty's Vessels and other Vessels navigating those Waters, have the same Effect as if they had been Regulations originally contained in Table (C.) in the Schedule to The Merchant Shipping Act Amendment Act, 1862, or were Regulations duly substituted for the same, and as if such original or substituted Regulations applied to Her Majesty's Vessels as well as to other Vessels.

8. The Admiralty shall cause printed Copies of every Order in Council under this Act relative to any Dockyard Port to be provided, and to be sold at a reasonable Price, to be fixed by the Admiralty, to all Persons desirous of buying the same.

9. Every

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 123. 595

9. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be published in the London Gazette, and shall be made to take effect not sooner than the Expiration of Thirty Days from such Publication; and a Copy of the London Gazette containing any such Order shall be conclusive Evidence of the due making and Publication of such Order; and every such Order shall be judicially noticed without being specially pleaded.

10. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be binding on all Persons, and shall be sufficient to justify all Persons acting thereunder.

11. If the Master of any Vessel within a Dockyard Port does not moor, anchor, place, unmoor, or remove the same according to Directions given by the Queen's Harbour Master in conformity with any Order in Council under this Act, or if there is no Person on board of any such Vessel to attend to such Directions, the Queen's Harbour Master may cause the Vessel to be moored, anchored, placed, unmoored, or removed in conformity with the Order in Council, and for that Purpose may cast off, loose, or unshackle, and (if need be) sever any Chain or Rope of the Vessel, first putting on board a sufficient Number of Persons for the Protection of the Vessel in case there is not a sufficient Number of Persons on board to protect the same; and all Expenses attending the Exercise of the Powers of the present Section shall be paid by the Master of the Vessel.

12. The Queen's Harbour Master, or any Person having Authority in Writing from the Power to Admiralty in this Behalf, may, with proper Assistants, enter into any Vessel in a Dock- Bearch» &c* yard Port, and there search for Gunpowder, shotted or loaded Guns, Fire, or Light, or combustible Substances had or suspected to be had on board in contravention of any

Order in Council under this Act, and may extinguish any such Fire or Light; and if any Person wilfully obstructs the Queen's Harbour Master or other Person in the Execution of the Authority conferred by this Section he shall for each Offence be liable to a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds.

13. The Queen's Harbour Master may remove any Wreck or other Thing being an Power to re-Obstruction to the Dockyard Port or to the Approaches thereto, and any floating Timber "°ve Wreck that impedes the Navigation thereof.

14. Any Vessel laid by or neglected as unfit for Sea Service shall not be permitted to Power to lie within any Part of a Dockyard Port specified in this Behalf in any Order in Council under this Act; and the Queen's Harbour Master may cause every such Vessel to be Vessels, removed from the Part of the Port so specified, and to be laid on some Part of the Strand

or Sea Shore, or in some other Place where the same may without Injury to any Person be placed.

15. The Expenses incurred by the Queen's Harbour Master in the Removal of any such Recovery of

Wreck or other Thing or Timber, or in the Removal or placing of any such Vessel, shall off

be repaid by the Owner thereof; and the Queen's Harbour Master may detain, and in case Wreck, &c. of Nonpayment of the Expenses on Demand, may sell the Wreck or other Thing, Timber,

or Vessel, and out of the Proceeds of the Sale pay those Expenses and the Expenses of the Sale, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owner, on Demand; and any Deficiency may be recovered from the Owner.

Publication of Orders.

Effect of Order.

Power for Queen's Harbour Master to unmoor Vessel, &c.

16. If the Owner of any Vessel or Thing is in any Case compelled to pay any Penalty, Recovery of Expenses, Sum of Money, or Costs, by reason of any Act or Omission of the Master of a o^erfrom Vessel or other Person, he shall be entitled to recover the Amount paid by him, with Costs, Master, &c. from the Person who actually committed the Offence or did the wrongful Act in respect whereof the Owner was compelled to make such Payment.

17. Penalties, Expenses, and Sums of Money made recoverable by this Act, or by any Summaty Order in Council under it, may be recovered by summary Proceedings in England or in Ireland before a Justice, and in Scotland before a Sheriff, Justice, or Magistrate.

for Penalties, &c.

18. Penalties, Expenses, and Sums of Money recovered as aforesaid, except when Application of recovered by an Owner from a Master or other Person, shall be paid into the Receipt of Penaltie9* Her Majesty's Exchequer in such Manner as the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury

from

Penalties, 8cc. may be raised by Sale of Vessel.

Service of Summons.

Local Jurisdiction.

Jurisdiction of Justice of the Peace.

Saving for Right of Property, & c.

Limitation of Actions, 8cc.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 125.

from Time to Time direct, and shall be carried to and form Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom.

19. Where any Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate, by virtue of this Act or any Order in Council under it, makes an Order directing Payment of any Penalty, Expenses, or Sum of Money by the Master or Owner of a Vessel, and Payment is not duly made, the Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate who made the Order, or any other Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate having the same Jurisdiction, may (in addition to any Power which he may have for the Purpose of compelling Payment) direct the Amount unpaid to be levied by Distress or Poinding and Sale of the Vessel, her Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, or of any Part thereof.

20. Any Summons or other Document in any Proceeding on this Act or any Order in Council under it may (in addition to any other Mode of Service) be served by being left for the Person to be served on board any Vessel to which he belongs with the Person being or appearing to be in command or charge of the Vessel

21. For the Purpose of giving Jurisdiction, every Offence against this Act or any Order in Council under it shall be deemed to have been committed, and every Cause of Complaint shall be deemed to have arisen, either in the Place in which the same actually was committed or arose, or in any Place in which the Offender or Person complained against happens to be.

22. Where any District within which any Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate has Jurisdiction for any Purpose under this or any other Act, or at Common Law, abuts on the Shore of the Sea or other navigable Water, every such Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate shall for the Purposes of this Act have Jurisdiction over any Vessel being or passing near the Shore, and over every Person on board thereof or belonging thereto, as if such Vessel or Person was within the ordinary Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justice, Sheriff, or Magistrate.

23. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice, take away, abridge, or alter any Right of Property, Privilege, or Jurisdiction, or any Powers of Conservancy, held, possessed, enjoyed, or exercised by any Body or Person in, to, upon, or over any Part of a Dockyard Port, or of the Shores and Banks thereof.

24. Any Action or Proceeding shall not lie against any Queen's Harbour Master or other Person acting under the Authority or in the Execution or intended Execution or in pursuance of this Act, or of any Order in Council under it, for any alleged Irregularity or Trespass or other Act or Thing done or omitted by him, unless Notice in Writing (specifying the Cause of the Action or Proceeding) is given by the intending Plaintiff or Prosecutor to the intended Defendant One Month at least before the Commencement of the Action or Proceeding, nor unless the Action or Proceeding is commenced within Six Months next after the Act or Thing complained of is done or omitted, or, in case of a Continuation of Damage, within Six Months next after the doing of such Damage has ceesed.

In any such Action the Defendant may plead generally that the Act or Thing complained of was done or omitted by him when acting under the Authority or in the Execution or intended Execution or in pursuance of this Act, or of any such Order in Council (specifying it), and may give all special Matter in Evidence; and the Plaintiff shall not succeed if Tender of sufficient Amends is made by the Defendant before the Commencement of the Action; and in case no Tender is made the Defendant may, by Leave of the Court in which the Action is brought, at any Time pay into Court such Sum of Money as he thinks fit, whereupon such Proceeding and Order shall be had and made in and by the Court as may be had and made on the Payment of Money into Court in an ordinary Action; and if the Plaintiff does not succeed in the Action the Defendant shall receive such full and reasonable Indemnity as to all Costs, Charges, and Expenses incurred in and about the Action as may be taxed and allowed by the proper Officer, subject to Review; and though a Verdict is given for the Plaintiff in the Action he shall not have

Costs

597

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 125, 126.

Costa against the Defendant unless the Judge before whom the Trial is had certifies his Approval of the Action.

25. This Act shall commence on such Day, not later than the First Day of January Commence-One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, as Her Majesty in Council thinks fit to direct; ment of Act* save that any Order in Council may be made before that Day, so as it be not made to take

effect before that Day.

26. Every Order in Council under this Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parlia- Orders in

ment within Thirty Days after the making thereof if Parliament is then sitting, and if not before then within Thirty Days after the next meeting of Parliament.

Houses of Parliament

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Prisons.

[6th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to consolidate and amend the Law relating to Prisons in England Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

Preliminary.

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Prison Act, 1865."

2. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of February One thousand Commence-eight hundred and sixty-six, which Day is herein-after referred to as the Commencement of ment of Act. the Act.

3. This Act shall not extend to Scotland or Ireland, and shall not apply to the Prisons Application of for Convicts under the Superintendence of the Directors of Convict Prisons, or to any Act Military or Naval Prison.

4. In this Act, and in any Act applied or incorporated by this Act, the Expressions herein-after mentioned shall have the Meanings herein-after attached to them, unless there is something in the Tenor of the Act inconsistent with such Meanings; that is to say,

"Municipal Borough" shall mean any Place for the Time being subject to the Municipal Corporation Act passed in the Session of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, Chapter Seventy-six, and any Acts amending the same, and " Borough " shall include " Municipal Borough

"Prison" shall mean Gaol, House of Correction, Bridewell, or Penitentiary; it shall also include the Airing Grounds or other Grounds or Buildings occupied by Prison Officers for the Use of the Prison and contiguous thereto:

" Gaoler" shall mean Governor, Keeper, or other Chief Officer of a Prison:

" Clerk of the Peace" shall include any Officer performing similar Duties to those of a Clerk of the Peace:

" Treasurer" shall include any Officer performing Duties similar to those of Treasurer:

" Quarter Sessions" shall include " General Sessions:"

"Criminal Prisoner" shall mean any Prisoner charged with or convicted of a Crime.

5. The Persons herein-after named shall be Prison Authorities for the Purposes of this Act; that is to say,

1. As respects any Prison belonging to any County, except as herein-after mentioned, or to any Riding, Division, Hundred, or Liberty of a County, having a separate Court of Quarter Sessions, the Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled:

28 & 29 VICT. 4 G 2. As

Definition of Terms.

" Municipal Borough " and " Borough: "

Prison:

u Gaoler " Clerk of the

Peace:"

" Treasurer:"

Quarter Sessions:"

Criminal Prisoner."

Description of Prison Authorities."

Definition of " Justices in Sessions assembled/ '

Contracts, &c. by Prison Authority in Counties.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

2. As respects any Prison belonging to a County divided into Ridings or Divisions,

and maintained at the common Expense of such Ridings or Divisions, the Justices of the County assembled at a Court of Gaol Sessions held in manner provided by the Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Twelve:

3. A 8 respects any Prison belonging to the City of London, or the Liberties thereof,

the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen:

4. As respects any Prison belonging to a Municipal Borough, the Council of the

Borough:

5. As respects any Prison belonging to any District, Liberty, City, Borough, or Town

having a separate Prison Jurisdiction, and not herein-before mentioned, the Justices, Council, or other Persons having Power at Law to build, enlarge, or repair such Prison, assembled at any Gaol Session or other formal Meeting of their Body.

6. The Expression "Justices in Sessions assembled" shall mean as follows; that is to say,

1. As respects any Prison belonging to any County, except as herein-after mentioned,

or to any Riding, Division, Hundred, or Liberty of a County, having a separate Court of Quarter Sessions, the Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled:

2. As respects any Prison belonging to any County divided into Ridings or Divisions,

and maintained at the common Expense of such Ridings or Divisions, the Justices of the County assembled at Gaol Sessions:

3. As respects any Prison belonging to the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, the

Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen:

4. As respects any Prison belonging to any Municipal Borough, the Justices of the

Borough assembled at Sessions to be held by them at the usual Time of holding Quarterly Sessions of the Peace, or at such other Time as they may appoint:

5. As respects any Prison belonging to any City, District, Borough, or Town having

a separate Prison Jurisdiction, and not herein-before mentioned, the Justices or other Persons having Power at Law to make Rules for the Government of such Prison.

7. The Provisions of the Act of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety-two, shall apply to all Contracts, Mortgages, or Conveyances entered into or executed in pursuance of this Act by or on behalf of or with the Justices of any County, Riding, Division, Hundred, or Liberty of a County in General or Quarter Sessions assembled; and in the Construction of that Act the Expression Justices in Quarter Sessions assembled " shall include the Justices of the County in Gaol Sessions assembled, in pursuance of the Act of the Fifth Year of King George the Fourth, Chapter Twelve, and shall also include the Bailiff and Justices of the Liberty of Romney Marsh assembled at any Sessions or Meeting. And all Contracts, Mortgages, or Conveyances entered into or executed in pursuance of this Act by or on behalf of or with any other Prison Authority shall be entered into and executed in manner in which such Instruments or Deeds are usually entered into by such Authority.

PART I.

The Maintenance and Government of Prisons.

Obligation to maintain Prisons.

Maintenance 8. There shall be provided, at the Expense of every County, Riding, Division, Hundred, of PrigoMby Liberty, Franchise, Borough, Town, or other Place having a separate Prison Jurisdiction, jSSdictionf011 adequate Accommodation for its Prisoners in a Prison or Prisons constructed and regulated in such Manner as to comply with the Requisitions of this Act in respect of Prisons.

All Expenses incurred by a Prison Authority in carrying into effect the Provisions of this Act shall be defrayed out of the County Rate, or Rate in the Nature of a County

Rate,

599

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Bate, Borough Bate, or other Rate leviable in the County, Riding, Division, Hundred, Liberty, Franchise, Borough, Town, or other Place having a separate Prison Jurisdiction, and applicable to the Maintenance of a Prison, or out of any other Property applicable to that Purpose.

9. For the Purposes of this Act every County, Riding, Division, Hundred, Liberty, Franchise, Borough, Town, or other Place shall be deemed to have a separate Prison Jurisdiction which maintains a separate Prison, or would be liable at Law to maintain a separate Prison if Accommodation were not provided for its Prisoners in the Prison of some other Jurisdiction.

Where a County is divided into Ridings or Divisions, and a Prison is maintained at the common Expense of such Ridings or Divisions, that County shall in relation to such Prison and for the Purposes thereof be deemed to have a separate Prison Jurisdiction, notwithstanding a separate County Rate is not levied in such County at large.

Appointment of Officers.

[Officers of Prison.]

10. There shall be appointed to every Prison by the Justices in Sessions assembled,

A Gaole; a Chaplain, being a Clergyman of the Established Church; a Surgeon, duly registered as such, under the Act of the Session of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Ninety; and such subordinate Officers as may be necessary.

And to every Prison in which Females are confined,

A Matron and such subordinate Female Officers as may be necessary.

Provided, that in a Prison where Females only are imprisoned the Matron shall be deemed to be the Gaoler, and shall, so far as is practicable, perform all the Duties and be subject to all the Obligations of a Gaoler in relation to such Prison.

11. The same Person may officiate as Chaplain of any Two Prisons situate within a convenient Distance from each other, if such Prisons together are calculated to receive not more than One hundred Prisoners; but the Chaplain of more than One Prison, and the Chaplain of any Prison in which the average Number of Prisoners confined at any One Time during the Three Years next before his Appointment has not been less than One hundred, shall not, whilst holding his Chaplaincy, hold any Benefice with Cure of Souls or any Curacy.

12. The Justices in Sessions assembled may appoint an Assistant Chaplain, being a Clergyman of the Established Church, and a Deputy Gaoler, or either of such Officers, to any Prison which they deem sufficiently large to require the Appointment of such Officers or either of them.

13. Notice of the Nomination of a Chaplain or Assistant Chaplain to a Prison shall, within One Month after it has taken place, be transmitted to the Bishop of the Diocese in which the Prison is situate, and no Chaplain or Assistant Chaplain shall officiate in any Prison until he has obtained a Licence for that Purpose from the Bishop of the Diocese wherein the Prison is situate, nor for any longer Time than while such Licence continues in force.

14. Every Officer of a Prison appointed under this Act shall hold his Office during the Pleasure of the Justices in Sessions assembled, and shall receive such Salary as they may direct, subject to this Proviso, that in the Case of a Municipal Borough the Amount of the Salary of every Prison Officer appointed under this Act shall be approved by the Council.

15. If any Officer of a Prison has been an Officer of such Prison for not less than Twenty Years, and is not less than Sixty Years of Age, or becomes incapable, from confirmed Sickness, Age, or Infirmity, or Injury received in actual Execution of his Duty, of executing his Office in Person, and such Sickness, Age, Infirmity, or Injury is certified by a Medical Certificate, and there shall be a Report of the Visiting Justices testifying to his good Conduct during his Period of Service, and recommending a Grant to be made to him (such Report to be made at some Sessions of the Justices holden not less than Two

Definition of separate Prison Jurisdiction.

Appointment of Chaplain to Two Prisons.

Assistant Chaplains and Deputy Gaoler.

Notice to be sent to Bishop as to Chaplains and Assistant Chaplains.

Tenure of Office and Salaries of Prison Officers.

Superannuation of Officers.

600 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Months before the Sessions at which the Grant is made), the Justices in Sessions assembled may grant to such Officer, having regard to his Length of Service, an Annuity, by way of Superannuation Allowance, not exceeding Two Thirds of his Salary and Emoluments, or a Gratuity not exceeding the Amount of his Salary and Emoluments for One Year; any Annuity or Gratuity so fixed to be payable out of the Rates lawfully applicable to the Payment of the Salaries of such Officers. Where the Power to levy the last-mentioned Rates is vested in a different Body from the Justices, the Consent of such last-mentioned Body shall be obtained to the Amount of Superannuation allowed.

Removal of Prison Officers from Apartments.

16. Whenever any Officer of a Prison is suspended, removed from, or resigns his Office, or departs this Life, the Officer so suspended, removed, or resigning, and his Family, and the Family of every such deceased Officer, shall quit the Possession of the House or Apartments in which he or they have previously resided by virtue of such Office when required 60 to do by Notice under the Hand or Hands of Two or more Visiting Justice or Justices of the Peace; and if he or they refuse or neglect to give such Possession for Forty-eight Hours after such Notice as aforesaid has been given to him or them, any Two Justices, upon Proof made to them of such Removal, Resignation, or Death, and of the Service of such Notice, and of such Neglect or Refusal to comply therewith, may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, direct any Constable, within a Period therein named, to enter by Force, if necessary, into such Premises, and deliver Possession thereof to the Prison Authority, or to any Person appointed by the Visiting Justices.

Discipline of Prisoners.

Requisitions of Act as to Separation of Prisoners.

17. The Requisitions of this Act with respect to the Separation of Prisoners are as follows:

1. In every Prison separate Cells shall be provided equal in Number to the Average of the greatest Number of Prisoners, not bein^ Convicts under Sentence of Penal Servitude, who have been confined in such Prison at any Time during each of the preceding Five Years:

2. In every Prison Punishment Cells shall be provided or appropriated for the Confine-

ment of Prisoners for Prison Offences:

3. In a Prison containing Female Prisoners as well as Males, the Women shall be

imprisoned in separate Buildings or separate Parts of the same Buildings, in such Manner as to prevent their seeing, conversing, or holding any Intercourse with the Men:

4. In a Prison where Debtors are confined, Means shall be provided for separating them

altogether from the Criminal Prisoners:

5. In a Prison where Criminal Prisoners are confined, such Prisoners shall be prevented

from holding any Communication with each other, either by every Prisoner being kept in a separate Cell by Day and by Night, except when he is at Chapel or taking Exercise, or by every Prisoner being confined by Night to his Cell, and being subjected to such Superintendence during the Day as will, consistently with the Provisions of this Act, prevent his communicating with any other Prisoner.

Cells to be certified for Confinement of Prisoners.

18. No Cell shall be used for the Separate Confinement of a Prisoner unless it is certified by One of Her Majesty's Inspectors of Prisons to be of such a Size, and to be lighted, warmed, ventilated, and fitted up in such a Manner, as may be requisite for Health, and furnished with the Means of enabling the Prisoner to communicate at any Time with an Officer of the Prison; but a Distinction may be made in respect of the Use of Cells for the Separate Confinement of Prisoners during long and short Periods of Imprisonment, and in respect of the Use of Cells in which the Prisoner is intended to be employed during the whole Day, or for a long or short Part thereof; and the Certificates of the Inspector may be varied accordingly, so as to express the Period of Imprisonment for which each Cell may be considered fit, and the Number of Hours in the Day during which the Prisoners may be employed therein.

No Punishment Cell shall be used unless it is certified by such Inspector that it is furnished with the Means of enabling the Prisoner to communicate at any Time with an

Officer

601

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Officer of the Prison, and that it can be used as a Punishment Cell without Detriment to the Prisoner's Health, and the Time for which it may be so used shall be stated in the Certificate.

Every certified Cell shall be distinguished by a Number or Mark placed in a conspicuous Position, and shall be referred to by its Number or Mark in the Certificate of the Inspector, and if the Number or Mark of any certified Cell is changed without the Consent of the Inspector, such Cell shall be deemed to be an uncertified Cell until a fresh Certificate has been given.

Any Certificate given by an Inspector in respect of a Cell may be withdrawn on such Alteration taking place in such Cell as to render the Certificate, in his Opinion, inapplicable thereto, and upon a Certificate in respect of a Cell being withdrawn that Cell shall cease to be a certified Cell for the Purposes of this Act.

If any Prison Authority feel aggrieved by the Refusal of the Inspector to certify a Cell for any of the Purposes of this Act, it may appeal to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and his Decision shall be final.

19. Hard Labour for the Purposes of this Act shall be of Two Classes, consisting, 1st, ReqdotionB of of Work at the Tread Wheel, shot Drill, Crank, Capstan, Stone-breaking, or such other *

like Description of hard bodily Labour as may be appointed by the Justices in Sessions assembled, with the Approval of the Secretary of State, which Work is herein-after referred to as Hard Labour of the First Class; 2dly, of such other Description of bodily Labour as may be appointed by the Justices in Sessions assembled, with the Approval of the Secretary of State, which Work is herein-after referred to as Hard Labour of the Second Class; and in every Prison where Prisoners sentenced to Hard Labour are confined, adequate Means (having regard to the average Number of such Prisoners confined in that Prison during the preceding Five Years) shall be provided for enforcing Hard Labour in accordance with the Regulations of this Act; and no Prison shall be deemed to be in conformity with the Requisitions of this Act with respect to the Enforcement of Hard Labour unless such Means as aforesaid have been provided therein, and Prisoners sentenced to Hard Labour have been employed thereat in manner provided by this Act: Provided, that Employment in the necessary Services of the Prison may, in the Case of a limited Number of Prisoners, to be selected by the Visiting Justices, as a Reward for Industry and good Behaviour, be deemed to be Hard Labour of the Second Class.

Regulations as to Government of Prisons.

Rules in addition to Regulations in Schedule.

Justices may make Rules in respect of any other Matters relating to the Government of Prisons within their Jurisdiction, in addition to the Regulations in the said First Schedule, and may from Time to Time repeal or alter any Rules made or Dietary Tables framed* in pursuance of this Section; but no Rule or Dietary Table, or Repeal or Alteration of a Rule or Dietary Table, shall be valid under this Section until One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State has certified his Approval in Writing under his Hand; and when such Approval has been certified, such Rule or Dietary Table, or Repeal or Alteration of a Rule or Dietary Table, shall be binding on all Persons in the same Manner as if it were enacted by this Act. If the Justices in Sessions assembled make default in making Rules and Dietary Tables that may be approved by the said Secretary of State in respect of the Supply of Food to Prisoners in any Prison within their Jurisdiction, there shall be in force in such Prison such Rules or Dietary Tables with respect to such Supply as may from Time to Time be determined by the said Secretary of State in Writing under his Hand.

20. The Regulations contained in the First Schedule hereto with respect to the Government of Prisons shall be binding on all Persons in the same Manner as if they were enacted in the Body of this Act.

21. The Justices in Sessions assembled shall make Rules for the Supply to all Prisoners confined in Prisons within their Jurisdiction of a sufficient Quantity of plain and wholesome Food, regard being had so far as relates to convicted Criminal Prisoners to the Nature of the Labour required from or performed by such Prisoners, so that the Allowance of Food may be duly apportioned thereto, and shall frame Dietary Tables for this Purpose, and the said

22. Upon

Inspector of Prisons to leave a Minute of Observations.

Power to build Prisons.

Conditions as to building Prisons.

Mode of obtaining Sanction of Secretary of State to building of Prisons.

Approval of Secretary of State.

Charge of

borrowed

Monies.

Certain Clauses of 10 & 11 Vict 11 Vict c. 16. as to borrowing Money incorporated.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

22. Upon visiting or inspecting a Prison to which this Act applies the Inspector shall, by Letter addressed to the Visiting Justices, call their Attention to any Irregularity he may have observed therein, or any Complaint he may have to make against the Buildings, the Officers, or the Discipline of the Prison, and the Visiting Justices shall enter a Copy of such Letter in their Minute Book.

Enlargement and Rebuilding of Prisons.

23. Subject to the Conditions herein-after mentioned, any Prison Authority may alter, enlarge, or rebuild any of its Prisons, or may, if necessary, build other Prisons in lieu of or in addition to any subsisting Prisons, and may borrow Money for the Purpose of such Alteration, Enlargement, new building, or building.

24. The Necessity for any Alteration or Enlargement or for rebuilding of an existing Prison, or for the building of a new Prison, shall be proved, in the Case of a Municipal Borough, by the Certificate of the Recorder, or Chairman of Quarter Sessions where there is no Recorder, and in any other Case by a Presentment of Two or more of the Visiting Justices or other Justices having Jurisdiction within the District of the Prison Authority; and the Consideration of such Certificate or Presentment shall not be entertained by the Prison Authority unless not less than Three Weeks previous Notice has been given in some One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers circulating within the District of the Prison Authority of their Intention to take the same into consideration at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, and in every Case the Sanction of One of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State must be obtained to any such Alteration, Enlargement, rebuilding, or building.

25. In order to obtain the Sanction of the Secretary of State to the Alteration, Enlargement, or rebuilding of any Prison, the Prison Authority shall forward to him a Plan of the proposed Alterations, Enlargement, or new Building, drawn on such Scale and accompanied with such Particulars as the said Secretary may determine, and shall add thereto an Estimate of the Expense proposed to be incurred by the Prison Authority, and the Amount of Money proposed to be borrowed; and wherever a new Prison is built, or an old Prison is altered, enlarged, or rebuilt, a Chapel or suitable Room shall be provided easy of Access to the Prisoners, and shall be strictly set apart for Religious Worship, or for the Religious and Moral Instruction of the Prisoners, and shall not be employed for any other Purpose.

26. The said Secretary of State may approve of the Plans submitted to him with or without Modification, or may disapprove of the same, and his Approval or Disapproval shall be certified in Writing under his Hand.

27. Any Monies borrowed by a Prison Authority may be charged by that Authority on any County Rate or Rate in the Nature of a County Rate, Borough Rate, or other Rate applicable to the Maintenance of a Prison and leviable by that Authority, or on any other Property belonging to that Authority and applicable to the same Purpose as the said Rates, and shall be repaid, together with the Interest due thereon, out of such Rates or other Property.

U8. The Clauses of The Commissioners Clauses Act, 1847/' with the Exception of the Eighty-fourth Clause with respect to Mortgages to be created by the Commissioners, shall form Part of and be incorporated with this Act, and any Mortgagee or Assignee may enforce Payment of his Principal and Interest by Appointment of a Receiver.

In the Construction of the said Clauses " the Commissioners" shall mean iC the Prison Authority."

Where a Prison Authority borrows any Money for the Alteration, Enlargement, or rebuilding of any Prison, or the building of any new Prison, they shall charge the Rates or Property out of which the Monies borrowed are payable not only with the Interest of the Monies so borrowed, but also with the Payment of such further Sum as will ensure the Repayment of the whole Sum borrowed within Thirty Years, or if the Loan has been made by the Public Works Loan Commissioners as defined by the Public Works Loan Act, 1853, within Twenty Years of the Time of borrowing the same.

29. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126. 603

29. The said Public Works Loan Commissioners as defined by the Public Works Loan Public Works Act, 1853, may advance to any Prison Authority upon the Security of any Rate applicable to or chargeable with the Maintenance of a Prison without any further Security, for the Money for Purpose of altering, enlarging, or rebuilding any subsisting Prison or building any new building Pri-Prison in pursuance of this Act, such Sums of Money as may be recommended by One of BOn8,

Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State.

30. It shall be lawful for One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to appoint Appointment a proper Person to be a Surveyor General of Prisons for the Purpose of advising Prison Qe^e^r Authorities on the Construction of Prisons, and reporting to the Secretary of State on the prions. ° several Plans of Prisons which may be sent to him for his Report, and for the Performance

of such other Duties connected with the Construction of Prisons as may be from Time to Time entrusted to him by the Secretary of State.

Contracts for Maintenance of Prisoners and Appropriation of Prisons.

31. Any Prison Authority may contract with any other Prison Authority having a Contracts by Prison in conformity with the Requisitions of this Act, that the latter Authority is to ri^f0^utl10' receive into and maintain in its Prison or One of its Prisons all Prisoners maintainable at Maintenance of the Expense of the former Authority, or any particular Class or Classes of such Prisoners: Prisoners. Provided —

That no such Contract shall be valid unless the Prison of the latter Authority is approved by One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State as being a fit Prison to receive the Prisoners contracted to be received there.

32. A Contract entered into between Prison Authorities for the Reception into and Expenses of the Maintenance in the Prison of the one Authority of the Prisoners maintainable by the ^"e^PHson other Authority may include the Costs of conveying the Prisoners to Prison, and all Authorities, other*Costs incurred in respect of such Prisoners.

All Monies payable under the Contract shall be raised in the same Manner in which Monies for defraying the Expenses of the Prison for which a Substitute is provided under the Contract would be raiseable; and where such Expenses are not by Law wholly defrayable out of One Fund, and a Difference arises between the several Persons interested in the several Funds applicable to defraying such Expenses as to what Proportion ought to be applied to paying the Expenses arising under the Contract, such Difference shall be settled by Arbitration in manner herein-after mentioned.

33. Where Two or more Prisons are within the Jurisdiction of the same Prison Autho- Appropriation rity, that Authority may carry into effect the Requisitions of this Act with respect to pj^es ofor the Separation of Prisoners or the Enforcement of Hard Labour by appropriating par- Classification, ticular Prisons to particular Classes of Prisoners.

34. Where a Change has been made as to the Prison to which Prisoners committed Public Notice within the Jurisdiction of any Prison Authority may be sent by reason of such Autho- approm?ateding rity having appropriated any of its Prisons to a particular Class of Prisoners, or to certain having contracted with another Prison Authority for the Reception of its Prisoners, or Prisoners, from any other Cause, Notice of such Change shall be published once at the least in

each of Two successive Weeks in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated within the Jurisdiction of the said Prison Authority, and a Copy thereof shall be served upon the Gaoler of every Prison within such Jurisdiction.

Penalty for inadequate Prisons,

35. Whenever it appears to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State Government that Default has been made in any Prison in complying with the Requisitions of this withheldCfrom Act in respect of the Separation of Prisoners or of the Enforcement of Hard Labour, inadequate Prior of providing a Chapel or suitable Room for Religious Worship, it shall be lawful 8ons *

for the said Secretary of State to certify such Noncompliance in Writing under his Hand to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, and upon such Certificate being given no Contribution shall thenceforth be paid out of Monies provided by Parliament

towards

Power of Secretary of State to close inadequate Prisons.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

towards the Expenses of maintaining any Prisoners in that Prison until the said Secretary of State has revoked his Certificate, upon being satisfied that the defaulting Prison has been brought into conformity with the Requisitions of this Act, and then only from the Date of such Revocation:

Provided, —

1st. That this Section shall not affect the Payment of any Contribution payable on or before the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and sixty-six:

2d. That before the Certificate of the said Secretary of State is given under this Section with respect to any Prison, a Copy of the Report of the Inspector of Prisons relating to that Prison, and a Statement of the Grounds on which the said Secretary proposes to give his Certificate, shall be sent to the Prison Authority; and it shall be lawful for such Authority, upon receiving a Copy of the said Report and Statement, to address any Explanations or Observations relating thereto to the said Secretary of State:

3d. Whenever the Certificate of the Secretary of State is given under this Section in respect of a Prison, a Copy of the said Statement of Grounds, accompanied with any such Explanations or Observations as aforesaid, shall be laid before Parliament.

36. If at any Time it appear to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State that a Prison Authority has, in respect of any Prison within its Jurisdiction, made default for Four successive Years in complying with the Requisitions of this Act with respect to the Separation of Prisoners, or with respect to the Enforcement of Hard Labour, or with respect to providing a Chapel or suitable Room for Religious Worship, the said Secretary of State may, by Notice under his Hand, addressed to the Authority of that Prison, and forwarded by Post in a prepaid Letter to the Gaoler of the Prison, or otherwise delivered to him, require that Authority, within a Time specified in such Notice, to bring such Prison into conformity with the Requisitions of this Act with respect to such Matters as aforesaid, or to exercise the Powers given to such Authority by this Act of contracting for the Removal of the whole or a Number of its Prisoners proportioned to the Inadequacy of its Prison in respect of such Separation or Means of providing such Hard Labour to some other Prison where Means exist for carrying into effect the Requisitions of this Act with respect to the Separation of Prisoners or Means of enforcing Hard Labour; and if any Prison Authority to whom such Notice is given fail, within Six Months after the Receipt thereof, to comply with the Requirements thereby made, the said Secretary of State may order the said inadequate Prison to be closed, and direct the Removal of the Prisoners therein and the Committal of future Prisoners to some other Prison, the Authority of which may be willing to receive them; and upon such Order being made it shall be the Duty of the Gaoler of the said inadequate Prison, without further Warrant, to remove all the Prisoners therein to the substituted Prison named in the Order of the Secretary of State, and such substituted Prison shall thenceforth, and so long as such Order is in force for all Purposes relating to the Committal, Detention, Trial, and Punishment of the Prisoners so removed, and of the Prisoners committed thereto in pursuance of this Section, be deemed to be the Prison of the defaulting Authority, and that Authority shall pay, out of any Rates or Monies applicable to the Support of the inadequate Prison, all Expenses incurred in and about the closing of that Prison, and the Removal of the Prisoners therein to the substituted Prison; and all Expenses incurred by the Authority of the substituted Prison in respect of the Prisoners committed to that Prison in pursuance of this Section shall be defrayed by the Authority of the inadequate Prison in the same Manner in all respects as if that Authority had contracted in pursuance of this Act with the Authority of the substituted Prison for the Reception in the last-mentioned Prison of Prisoners belonging to the Authority of the inadequate Prison.

Notice of any Order made by the said Secretary of State in pursuance of this Section shall be published in the London Gazette, and once at least in Two successive Weeks in One of the Newspapers usually circulating in the County, City, Borough, or Place in which the

605

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126

the Prison to which the Order relates is situate, and a Copy of the Gazette or Newspaper containing such Order shall be conclusive Evidence of its Contents.

Offences in relation to Prisons.

37. Every Person who aids any Prisoner in escaping or attempting to escape from any Assisting Prison, or who, with Intent to facilitate the Escape of any Prisoner, conveys or causes to Prisoners to be conveyed into any Prison any Mask, Dress, or other Disguise, or any Letter, or any escape' other Article or Thing, shall be guilty of Felony, and on Conviction be sentenced to Imprisonment with Hard Labour for a Term not exceeding Two Years.

38. Every Person who, contrary to the Regulations of the Prison, brings or attempts by Punishment any Means whatever to introduce into any Prison any spirituous or fermented Liquor or for, carrying Tobacco, and every Officer of a Prison who suffers any spirituous or fermented Liquor or Liquoro'or Tobacco to be sold or used therein, contrary to the Prison Regulations, on Conviction shall Tobacco into be sentenced to Imprisonment for a Term not exceeding Six Months, or to a Penalty not Prison-exceeding Twenty Pounds, or both in the Discretion of the Court, and every Officer of a

Prison convicted under this Section shall, in addition to any other Punishment, forfeit his Office and all Arrears of Salary due to him.

39. Every Person who, contrary to the Regulations of a Prison, conveys or attempts to Punishment convey any Letter or other Document, or any Article whatever not allowed by such for carrying Regulations, into or out of any Prison, shall on Conviction incur a Penalty not exceeding and ^tof Ten Pounds, and if an Officer of the Prison shall forfeit his Office and all Arrears of Salary Prisons, due to him, but this Section shall not apply in Cases where the Offender is liable to a more severe Punishment under any other Provision of this Act.

40. The Visiting Justices shall cause to be affixed in a conspicuous Place outside the Notice of Prison a Notice setting forth the Penalties that will be incurred by Persons committing any Offence in contravention of the Three preceding Sections. outside of

Prison.

Discharge of Prisoners.

41. Any Prisoner confined in a Prison whose Term of Imprisonment would, according to when Term of his Sentence, expire on any Lord's Day, shall be entitled to nis Discharge on the Saturday Imprisonment next preceding such Lord's Day; and every Gaoler of every Prison having the Custody of day^riwner" any such Prisoner as aforesaid is hereby required and authorized to discharge such Prisoner to be discharged on the Saturday next preceding any such Lord's Day. ^preceding

42. Where any Prisoner is discharged from Prison, the Visiting Justices may order a Allowance to Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds to be paid out of any Monies under their discharged Control, and applicable to the Payment of the Expenses of the Prison, by the Gaoler to the Fn8oner* Prisoner himself, or to the Treasurer of a certified Prisoners Aid Society, on his receiving

from such Society an Undertaking in Writing, signed by the Secretary thereof, to apply the same for the Benefit of the Prisoner, or, if that becomes impossible, to appropriate the whole or any unapplied Part thereof for the Benefit of such other Prisoner or Prisoners discharged from the said Prison as the Visiting Justices may direct.

43. When a Prisoner is discharged from Prison the Visiting Justices of the Prison may Discharged provide such Prisoner out of any Monies under their Control, and applicable to the Payment Prisonere proof the Expenses of the Prison, with the Means of returning to his Home or Place of Meaas^ofre-Settlement, by causing his Fare to be paid by Railway, or in any other convenient Manner, turningtoPlace

of Settlement

Purchase of Land.

44. Any Prison Authority may purchase and hold such Lands or Easements relating to Certain Pro-Lands as they may require for the Purposes of this Act; and to facilitate such Purposes visions of

" The Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," and the Act amending the same, passed in *g9^corpo-the Session of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of Her present rated!

28 & 29 VICT. 4 Majesty,

Confirmation

of Title to Lands purchased for Purpose of Prison.

Sale of

unnecessary

Prisons.

Conditions of Sale.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Majesty, Chapter One hundred and six, shall be incorporated with this Act, with the Exceptions and subject to the Conditions herein-after contained; that is to say,

1. There shall not be incorporated with this Act the Sections and Provisions of "The

Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845," herein-after mentioned; that is to say, Section Sixteen, whereby it is provided that the Capital is to be subscribed before the compulsory Powers are to be put in force; Section Seventeen, whereby it is provided that the Certificate of the Justices shall be Evidence that the Capital has been subscribed; the Provisions relating to the Entry upon Lands by the Promoters of the Undertaking contained in Sections Eighty-four to Ninety-one, both inclusive; Section One hundred and twenty-three, whereby a Limit of Time for the compulsory Purchase of Land is imposed; or the Provisions relating to Access to the Special Act:

2. In the Construction of this Act and the said incorporated Acts this Act shall be

deemed to be the Special Act, and the Prison Authority shall be deemed to be the Promoters of the Undertaking, and the Word " Lands" shall include any Easement in or out of Lands:

3. The Prison Authority shall not, except in respect of Lands contiguous to a Prison,

and required for the Purpose of enlarging a Prison or rendering it more commodious or safe, put in force the Provisions of the said incorporated Acts with respect to the Purchase of Land otherwise than by Agreement.

45. When any Lands have been purchased for the Purposes of a Prison in pursuance of this Act, such Lands shall, at the Expiration of Five Years from the Date of a Conveyance having been made to any Person or Body Corporate on trust for such Purposes, absolutely vest in that Person or Body Corporate for all the Estate or Interest purported to be conveyed, to be held on trust for the aforesaid Purposes; and if before the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years any Proceedings are taken on which Judgment is obtained for the Recovery of the Possession of the said Lands, then within Two Calendar Months after Judgment has been obtained there shall be paid to the Person obtaining such Judgment, instead of the Delivery of Possession of the Lands, all Costs incurred in obtaining such Judgment and Compensation for the full Value of his Estate or Interest in such Lands, the Amount of such Compensation to be ascertained in manner provided by the said Lands Clauses Consolidation Act, 1845, in case of disputed Compensation as to Land, and to be calculated on the Basis of the Value of the Land at the Time of the Purchase thereof.

Disposal of unnecessary Prisons.

46. Any Prison Authority may sell any Prison or Land belonging to or held on trust for them as such Prison Authority that appears to them to be unnecessary by reason of their having provided for the Accommodation of their Prisoners, and the Monies arising from such Sale shall be applied in discharging any Expenses that may have been or may hereafter be incurred by such Authority in building, altering, enlarging, or rebuilding any Prison within their Jurisdiction, or otherwise in aid of the Rate raiseable for the Maintenance of their Prison.

47. No Sale or Purchase shall be made in pursuance of this Act by a Prison Authority, unless not less than Three Weeks previous Notice has been given in some One or more public Newspaper or Newspapers circulating within the District of the Prison Authority, of their Intention to take into consideration the Propriety of making such a Sale or Purchase at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice.

Any Sale in pursuance of this Act may be made by Private Contract or Public Auction, and subject to any special Conditions as to Title or other Matters the Vendors may think expedient. No Purchaser shall be required to examine into the Propriety of the Sale of any Prison or Land in pursuance of this Act, or into the Appropriation of any Monies paid by him to the Vendors; and any such Sale shall, in the Absence of actual Fraud on his Part, be valid so far as he is concerned, notwithstanding any Omission to give such Notice as aforesaid, or any other Impropriety in the Sale or Misapplication of the Purchase Money.

Miscellaneous,

607

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Miscellaneous.

48. It shall be the Duty of the Coroner having Jurisdiction in the Place to which the Prison belongs to hold an Inquest on the Body of every Prisoner who may die within the Prison. Where it is practicable, One clear Day shall intervene between the Day of the Death and the Day of the holding the Inquest; and in no Case shall any Officer of the Prison, or any Prisoner confined in the Prison, be a Juror on such Inquest.

49. If any Suit or Action is prosecuted against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done by Authority of this Act; and if a Verdict passes for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff becomes nonsuited, or discontinues his Action after Issue joined, or if, upon Demurrer or otherwise, Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall recover double Cost8, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath by Law in other Cases; and though a Verdict be given for the Plaintiff in any such Action such Plaintiff shall not have Costs against the Defendant, unless the Judge before whom the Trial takes place certifies his Approbation of the Action and of the Verdict obtained thereupon.

BO. All Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions commenced against any Person for anything done in pursuance of this Act shall be laid and tried in the County or Place where the Act complained of was committed, and shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Committal thereof, and not otherwise.

51. Any Difference authorized or directed by this Act to be settled by Arbitration shall be referred to the Arbitration of a Barrister-at-Law to be appointed in Writing, on the Application of any Party to the Difference, by any Judge of Assize of the last preceding or of the next succeeding Circuit; and all the Provisions of "The Common Law Procedure Act, 1854," relating to compulsory References, shall be deemed to extend to any such Arbitration, with this Addition, that it shall be obligatory on the Arbitrator, at the Request of any Party to the Difference, to state a Special Case for the Opinion of a Superior Court.

52. Offences under this Act, with the Exception of Felonies, and of Offences for the Mode of Trial of which express Provision is made by this Act, shall be prosecuted summarily before Two Justices acting for the Division or Place where the Matter requiring the Cognizance of such Justices arises, and in manner directed by the Act of the Session holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-three, and any Act amending the same.

Visiting Justices.

53. The Justices within every Prison Jurisdiction, in Sessions assembled, shall, at their First Sessions in each Year, nominate Two or more Justices, with their Consent, to be Visitors of each Prison within their Jurisdiction, with Power, if they think fit, to declare such Nomination to be for the whole Year, or to renew the same or make a fresh Nomination in each succeeding Quarter of the Year and One or more of the Visiting Justices so appointed shall from Time to Time visit and inspect each Prison, and shall examine into the State of the Buildings, so as to form a Judgment as to the Repairs, Additions, or Alterations which may appear necessary, strict Regard being had to the Requisitions of this Act with respect to the Separation of Prisoners, and Enforcement of Hard Labour in Prisons, and shall further examine into the Conduct of the respective Officers, and the Treatment and Conduct of the Prisoners, the Means of setting them to work, the Amount of their Earnings, and the Expenses attending the Prison, and shall inquire into all Abuses within the Prison, and shall take cognizance of Matters of pressing Necessity, and within the Powers of their Commission as Justices, and regulate the same, and shall once at least in each Quarter of a Year make a Report to the Justices in Sessions assembled.

54. The Justices in Sessions assembled may make Rules with respect to the Duties of Visiting Justices, and from Time to Time repeal or alter any Rule so made, and make other Rules in addition thereto or in substitution therefor, but no Rules shall be valid which are inconsistent with any Provision of this Act.

4 H 2 55. Any

Inquests on Prisoners.

General Issue may be pleaded to Action.

Venue where laid.

Provision as to Arbitration.

Recovery of Penalties.

Appointment of Visiting Justices.

Power to make Rules as to Visiting Justices.

Visits to Prison by any Justice

Abolition of Distinction between Gaol and House of Correction,

Jurisdiction over Prison.

Custody of Prisoners.

Security to Sheriff.

Responsibility of Sheriff.

Description of Prison in Writ.

Gaoler of Prison to deliver Calendar.

Removal of Prisoners for Trial,

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

55. Any Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Place to which a Prison belongs may, whenever he thinks fit, enter into and examine the Condition of such Prison, and of the Prisoners therein, and he may enter any Observations he may think fit to make in reference to the Condition of the Prison, or Abuses therein, in the Visitors Book to be kept by the Gaoler; and it shall be the Duty of the Gaoler to draw the Attention of the Visiting Justices, at their next Visit to the Prison, to any Entries made in the said Book; but he shall not be entitled in pursuance of this Section to visit any Prisoner under Sentence of Death, or to communicate with any Prisoner, except in reference to the Treatment in Prison of such Prisoner, or to some Complaint that such Prisoner may make as to such Treatment.

PART II.

Law of Prisons.

56. Subject to the Provisions of this Act with respect to the Appropriation of Prisons to

Particular Classes of Prisoners, every Prison to which this Act applies shall be deemed to e a Gaol and House of Correction, but no Class of Prisoners that have not previously to the Commencement of this Act been confined in any Prison shall be confined there until One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State has certified that such Prison is a fit Place of Confinement for that Class of Prisoners.

57. Every Prison, wheresoever situate, shall for all Purposes be deemed to be within the Limits of the Place for which it is used as a Prison.

58. Every Prisoner confined in a Prison shall be deemed to be in the legal Custody of the Gaoler, provided that nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Jurisdiction or Responsibility of the Sheriff in respect of Prisoners under Sentence of Death, or his Jurisdiction or Control over the Prison where such Prisoners are confined, and the Officers thereof, so far as may be necessary for the Purpose of carrying into effect the Sentence of De^h, or for any Purpose relating thereto; and in any Prison in which Sentence of Death is required to be carried into effect on any Prisoner, whether such Prison is or not the Common Gaol of the County, the Sheriff shall, for the Purposes of carrying that Sentence into execution, be deemed to have the same Jurisdiction with respect to such Prison as he has by Law with respect to the Common Gaol of a County, or would have had if this Act had not passed.

59. The Gaoler of any Prison in which Debtors are confined shall give Security to the Sheriff for their safe Custody to such Amount as may be determined by Agreement, or, in default of Agreement, may be settled by the Justices in Sessions assembled; and any such Security may be given to the Sheriff and his Successors in Office, and shall be deemed to enure to the Benefit of each succeeding Sheriff in the same Manner as if he were individually named therein.

60. The Sheriff shall not be liable for the Escape from Imprisonment of any Prisoner other than a Debtor.

61. Any Writ, Warrant, or other legal Instrument addressed to the Gaoler of a particular Prison, describing the Prison by its Situation or other definite Description, shall be valid, by whatever Title such Prison is usually known, or whatever be the Description of the Prison, whether Gaol, House of Correction, Bridewell, Penitentiary, or otherwise.

62. The Gaoler of every Prison shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Judges of Assize, and to the Justices in Quarter Sessions, a Calendar of all Prisoners in Custody for Trial at such Assizes or Gaol Sessions, in the same Way as the Sheriff of a County has hitherto been required by Law to deliver a Calendar of such Prisoners when committed to the Common Gaol of the County, and the Sheriff shall no longer be required to deliver or cause to be delivered such Calendar.

63. A Prisoner may be brought up for Trial, and may be removed by or under the Direction of the Gaoler from one Prison to another, or from one Place of Confinement to

another.

609

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

another, to which such Prisoner may be legally removed, for the Purpose of being tried or undergoing his Sentence, and no Prisoner whilst in the Custody of a Gaoler shall be deemed to have escaped, although he may be taken into different Jurisdictions or different Places of Confinement.

64. Prisoners may be removed from one Prison to another Prison or Place of Confine- Removal of ment within the Jurisdiction of the same Prison Authority, or to the Prison of any other Authority, with the Consent of such last-mentioned Authority, by Order of the Justices

in Sessions assembled, for the Purpose of enabling any Prison to be altered, enlarged, or rebuilt, or in case of a contagious or infectious Disease breaking out in any Prison, or for any other reasonable Cause; and in case of Emergency such Removal may be made in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of the Visiting Justices; and any Prisoners removed from a Prison in pursuance of this Section may, by Order of the Justices in Sessions assembled, be taken back by the Gaoler to the Prison from whence they were removed, or be removed to any other Place in which they can legally be imprisoned.

65. It shall be lawful for Her Majesty, by an Order under the Hand of One of Her Her Majesty Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, to direct any Person in Prison in England and p*^0°^rto Wales under Sentence of any Court, or of any competent Authority, for any Offence removeTfrom committed by him, to be removed from the Prison in which he is confined to any other of one Prison to Her Majesty's Prisons within England and Wales, there to be imprisoned during his Term mother.

of Imprisonment.

66. Where a Prison Authority, in this Section called the contracting Authority, has Custody and contracted with any other Prison Authority, in this Section called the receiving Authority, Trial of that the receiving Authority is to receive into and maintain in its Prison any Prisoners maintainable at the Expense of the contracting Authority, the Prison of the receiving Prison. Authority shall for all the Purposes of and incidental to the Commitment, Trial, Detention,

and Punishment of the Prisoners of the contracting Authority, or any of such Purposes, according to the Tenor of the Contract, be deemed to be the Prison of the contracting Authority, except that the contracting Authority shall have no Right to interfere in the Management of the Prison of the receiving Authority.

67. In every Prison to which this Act applies. Prisoners convicted of Misdemeanor, and Misdemeanant* not sentenced to Hard Labour, shall be divided into at least Two Divisions, One of of First Dm-which shall be called the First Division; and whenever any Person convicted of Misde- slon* meanor is sentenced to Imprisonment without Hard Labour it shall be lawful for the Court

or Judge before whom such Person has been* tried to order, if such Court or Judge think fit, that such Person shall be treated as a Misdemeanant of the First Division, and a Misdemeanant of the First Division shall not be deemed to be a Criminal Prisoner within the Meaning of this Act

PART III.

Discontinuance of certain Prisons.

68. After the Commencement of this Act no Person shall be committed to any of the Prohibition of Prisons mentioned in the Second Schedule hereto. Committals to

All Persons who before the passing of this Act might lawfully have been committed to ^j^dSche-any of the said Scheduled Prisons shall, after the passing thereof, be committed to the dnle.

Prison of the County in which the said Scheduled Prison is situated; and such County Prison shall, for all Purposes relating to or consequential on the Committal, Trial, Detention, or Punishment of Prisoners committed or removed thereto in pursuance of this Part of this Act, be regarded in Law as if it were the said Scheduled Prison.

In this Part of this Act, so far as it relates to the Prison at Richmond in the said Second Schedule mentioned, County" shall mean the North Riding of Yorkshire, and so far as relates to the Prison at Rye in the same Schedule mentioned the County Gaol of Lexoes shall be deemed to be the Prison of the County.

69. As

Removal of Prisoners in Scheduled Prisons.

Expenses of Prisoners confined in County Prisons under Act.

Power to use Scheduled Prisons as Lockup Houses.

Power to allow Compensation to Persons deprived of Office.

Acts and Parts of Acts in Third Schedule repealed.

No Repeal hereby enacted to affect any Order made, &c.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

69. As soon as conveniently may be after the Commencement of this Act the Gaoler of each of the said Scheduled Prisons shall, without Writ of Habeas corpus or other Writ for that Purpose, remove every Prisoner under Sentence or committed for Trial in such Prison to the Prison of the County in which the said Scheduled Prison is situate, and deliver such Prisoner into the Custody of the Gaoler of the said County Prison, together with the Writ and other Process under which the Prisoner was arrested or confined; and the Gaoler of the said County Prison shall be bound to receive such Prisoner, and shall give a Receipt to the Gaoler of the said Scheduled Prison for every Prisoner removed in pursuance of this Section.

70. The Expenses which may be incurred by any County in the Conveyance, Transport, Maintenance, safe Custody, and Care of every Prisoner confined, in pursuance of this Part of this Act, in the County Prison instead of in One of the said Scheduled Prisons, including the Expenses of the Removal of the Prisoners from one Prison to another, shall be defrayed in manner provided by Law in Cases where the Prisoners committed for Offences arising within any Borough or other Place that does not contribute to the County Rate are sent to any Prison of a County, and there is no special Contract between such Borough or other Place and the County relative to such Prisoners.

71. The Prison Authority of any of the said Scheduled Prisons may sell the same in manner provided by this Act in case where a Prison appears to a Prison Authority to be unnecessary by reason of its having provided for the Accommodation of its Prisoners in some other adequate Prison, or may, with the Sanction of the said Secretary of State, cause the same to be used as a Police Station House or a Lock-up House, and the Money arising from any Sale made in pursuance of this Section shall be applied in discharging any Expenses that may be incurred by such Authority in the Maintenance of its Prisoners, or otherwise in aid of the Rate applicable to Prison Purposes.

72. The Justices in Sessions assembled having Jurisdiction over each of the said Scheduled Prisons may allow such Compensation or Allowance as they think fit to any Person who, by reason of the passing of this Part of this Act, is deprived of any Salary or Emoluments, so that no such Compensation or Allowance exceeds the Proportion of the Salary and Emolument, if any, which might be granted under similar Circumstances to a Person in the Civil Service under the Acts for regulating such Compensations or Allowances for the Time being in force; and any Compensation or Allowance so allowed shall be paid out of any Rates applicable to the Payment of the Salaries of such Officers, subject to this Proviso, that when the Power to levy such Rates is vested in a different Body from the Justices, the Consent of such last-mentioned Body shall be obtained to the Amount allowed.

PART IV.

Repeal of Statutes, and Saving Clauses.

73. After the Commencement of this Act there shall be repealed the several Acts specified in the Third Schedule hereto to the Extent in the said Schedule mentioned.

74. No Repeal hereby enacted shall affect, —

1. Any Order made, Sentence passed, or other Act or Thing duly done under any Acts

hereby repealed:

2. Any Right or Privilege acquired, any Security given, or other Liability incurred

under any Act hereby repealed:

3. Any Penalty, Forfeiture, or other Punishment incurred in respect of any Offence against any Act hereby repealed:

4. Any Appointment to an Office made under any Act hereby repealed, or any Power

oi removing the Holder of such Office, or otherwise dealing with such Office as respects the existing Holder thereof in manner provided oy any Act hereby repealed:

5. The Power of committing Prisoners to any Prison except in so far as the same may be altered in pursuance of Powers given by this Act.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126. 611

75. All Cells certified before the Commencement of this Act by any Inspector of Prisons Certificates as as being fit to be used for the Separate Confinement of Prisoners shall be deemed to be 10 Cells certified for such Purpose under this Act.

76. Any unrepealed Act of Parliament in which Reference is made to the Provisions of re^SedPro

any Act hereby repealed shall be construed as if in such first-mentioned Act Reference had visions referred been made to the corresponding Provisions of this Act. other

77. In the Construction of the Act of the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the S*? M

Reign of Her present Majesty, Chapter Forty-four, the Expression " the Gaol Act " shall Gaol Act0f mean this Act instead of the Act therein referred to. 25 & 26 Vict.

c. 44.

78. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Right of any Creditor who may have Saving of advanced any Monies for building, repairing, or otherwise for the Purposes of any Prison Rights of discontinued in pursuance of this Act, or may have advanced any Monies on any Mortgage Creditors, or other Security; and it shall be lawful for such Creditor to pursue any Remedies for recovering the Principal or Interest Monies due to him, and to enjoy the Benefit of any Security of which he may be possessed, in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed,

and as if the Acts hereby repealed had remained in full Force.

79. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Tenure of Office or Salary or Super- Saving of annuation Allowance of any Officer of a Prison, not being one of the said Scheduled Prisons, appointed prior to the Commencement of this Act, but such Officer shall remain ances. entitled to the same Tenure of Office, Salary, and Superannuation Allowance as if this Act

had not passed: Provided that the Superannuation Allowance of any Prison Officer appointed before the Commencement of this Act may, on the Application of such Officer, and with the Consent of the Justices in Sessions assembled, be calculated on the same Scale on which the Superannuation Allowances of Officers appointed after the passing of this Act are directed to be calculated.

80. All Rules in force in any Prison that are inconsistent with this Act, or the Regu- Saving as to lations in the Schedule hereto, shall be repealed from and after the Commencement of this Rale8 *

Act, but all other Rules in force in any Prison shall so continue until altered in manner in this Act provided.

81. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect any Right vested by Act of Parliament or Saving as to Charter in the Council of any Municipal Borough of appointing a Gaoler, Chaplain, or

other Officer to the Prison of such Borough.

82. Nothing in this Act contained relating to the Custody of Prisoners shall affect the Saving as to Validity of any Commission of Gaol Delivery, Commission of Oyer and Terminer, or other Commissions. Commission, Precept, Writ, Warrant, or other Document, notwithstanding the same may

be addressed to or make mention of the Sheriff of any County, City, or Plaoe, instead of being addressed to or making mention of the Gaoler of a Prison or Prisons; and every such Commission, Precept, Writ, Warrant, or other Document shall be obeyed by the Gaoler, and take effect in the same Manner as if the Gaoler had been named therein instead of the Sheriff.

INDEX TO SCHEDULES.

Schedule I.

General.

No.

1. Cleanliness in Prison.

2. Trees, &c. not allowed against Walls.

3. Temperature of Prison.

4. Visitors not to sleep within the Prison.

5. Hours of locking and unlocking the Prison.

Admission and Discharge of Prisoners.

No.

6. Search of Prisoners on Admission.

7. Prisoner to be alone when searched.

8. Effects retained by Gaoler.

9. Register of certain Particulars relating to

Prisoner.

612

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

No.

10. Removal and Discharge of Prisoners.

11. Separation of Prisoners.

12. Female Prisoners.

Food, Clothing, and Bedding of Prisoners.

13. Spirituous Liquors.

14. Smoking.

15. Order of Surgeon as to Spirituous Liquors,

&e.

16. Debtor may maintain himself.

17. Debtor not to sell Provisions.

18. Prison Allowance to Debtors.

19. Prisoner before Trial may maintain himself.

20. Dress of Criminal Prisoner before Trial.

21. Prison Allowance of Food for convicted

Prisoner.

22. Convicted Prisoner restricted to Prison

Allowances.

23. Dress of convicted Criminal.

24. Return of Clothing to discharged Prisoner.

25. Purification of Clothing of Prisoner.

26. Beds.

27. Bedding.

Personal Cleanliness.

28. Personal Cleanliness of Prisoners.

29. Hair-cutting.

Employment of Prisoners.

30. Prohibition of Gaming.

31. Work and Earnings of Debtors.

32. Employment of Criminal Prisoners before

Trial.

33. Allowance out of Earnings to acquitted

Prisoners.

34. Regulations as to Hard Labour of the First

Class.

35. Regulations as to Hard Labour of the

Second Class.

36. Days of Exemption from Hard Labour.

37. Examination by Surgeon of Prisoners at

Hard Labour.

38. Employment of Prisoners not sentenced to

Hard Labour.

Health of Prisoners.

39. Exercise of Debtors.

40. Of Prisoners in separate Confinement.

41. When Prisoners to be reported to Surgeon.

42. Entry of Directions by Surgeon.

43. Infirmaries.

Religious Instruction.

44. Room for Use as Chapel.

45. Prayers.

46. Performance of Divine Service.

47. Ministers to visit Prisoners under certain

Restrictions.

48. Books and Printed Papers.

49. Chaplain to communicate Abuses to Gaoler.

No.

50. Assistant Chaplain and Chaplain's Substitute.

51. Substitute for Prison Minister.

52. Substitute on Death of Chaplain or Min-

ister.

Instruction.

53. Instruction of Prisoners.

Visits to and Communications with Prisoners.

54. Communication with Prisoners.

55. Power of Gaoler as to Visitors.

Prison Offences.

56. General Regulation as to Punishment.

57. Gaoler to punish for Prison Offences.

58. Punishment of Prisoners by Visiting Jus-

tices.

59. Use of Irons.

60. Corporal Punishments.

Prisoners under Sentence of Death.

61. Prisoners under Sentence of Death.

Prison Officers.

62. Regulation as to Employment of Prisoners in Prison Offices.

63. Prison Officers to be Constables.

64. Officers not to sell or let to Prisoners.

65. Officers not to contract with Prisoners.

66. Officers not to take Gratuities.

67. Females to be attended by Female Officers.

Gaoler.

68. Residence of Gaoler.

69. Gaoler to conform to Law and Regulations

of Prison.

70. May suspend subordinate Officers.

71. To inspect the Prison daily.

72. To post up in Cells Abstract of certain

Regulations.

73. To report to Surgeon Prisoners disordered

in Mind.

74. To notify to Chaplain and Surgeon Pri-

soners requiring their Attention.

75. To give Notice of Death of Prisoners.

76. To report to Visiting Justices Insane Pri-

soners.

77. To keep enumerated Books and Accounts.

78. To be responsible for safe Custody of

Documents.

79. Not to be absent without Leave.

80. Power of Deputy Gaoler. Substitute of

Deputy. Gaoler.

Matron.

81. General Duties.

82. To inspect daily Female Prison.

83. Not to be absent without Leave.

84. To appoint Deputy when absent.

85. To keep Journal.

613

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Surgeon.

No.

86. When to visit Prison.

87. To make daily Record in respect of sick

Prisoners.

88. OccasiQnally to inspect every Part of

Prison.

89. To report special Cases.

90. To call in additional Medical Aid.

91. To make Entries as to Death of Prisoner.

92. To appoint Substitute when absent.

# Prison Officers.

93. Officers to obey Gaoler.

94. Not to be absent without Leave.

95. Not to receive Visitors without Leave.

96. To examine Cells, Locks, &c.

Porter.

97. Duties of Gate Porter.

Reports.

No.

98. Gaoler to transmit List of Prisoners to

Secretary of State.

99. Gaoler to attend Sessions and make Re-

port.

100. Journals and Reports of Chaplain and

Surgeon.

101. Record of Visits of Chaplain and non-

resident Officers.

Construction and Application of Schedule.

102. Rules as to Prisoners not Debtors or

Criminals.

103. Construction of Word " Regulation."

104. Definition of Subordinate Officers.

Schedule n.

List of discontinued Prisons.

Schedule EG.

List of Acts repealed.

SCHEDULE I.

REGULATIONS FOR GOVERNMENT OF PRISONS.

General.

1. The Prison shall be kept in a cleanly State, and the Walls and Ceilings of the Wards, Cells, Rooms, and Passages used by the Prisoners throughout every Prison shall either be painted with Oil, or be limewashed, or partly painted and partly limewashed. Where painted with Oil the Painting shall be washed with hot Water and Soap once at least in every Six Months. Where limewashed the Limewashing shall be renewed once at least in every Year. The Day Rooms, Work Rooms, Passages, and Sleeping Cells shall be washed or cleansed once a Week, or oftener if requisite.

2. No Thing shall be allowed to grow against the outer Walls of the Prison, nor any Rubbish or other Articles to be laid against them, nor shall any Tools or Implements of any Kind likely to facilitate Escape be left unnecessarily exposed.

3. Thermometers shall be placed in different Parts of the Prison.

4. No Person shall be permitted to sleep in the Apartments of any subordinate Officer of the Prison without Permission from the Gaoler, such Permission to be reported to a Visiting Justice.

5. A Report shall be made to the Gaoler at Ten o'Clock each Night whether the Officers resident in the Prison are all present; and no Ingress or Egress shall be allowed into or out of the Prison between the Hours of Ten o'Clock at Night and Six o'Clock in the Morning, except to the Gaoler and his Family, the Chaplain, or Surgeon, or in special Cases, which shall be entered in the Journal of the Gaoler.

Admission and Discharge of Prisoners.

6. Prisoners on Admission shall be searched, and all dangerous Weapons, Articles calculated to facilitate Escape, and prohibited Articles, shall be taken from them.

7. No Prisoner shall be searched in the Presence of any other Prisoner.

8. All Money or other Effects brought into the Prison by any Prisoner, or sent to the Prison for his Use, which he is not allowed to retain, shall be placed in the Custody of the Gaoler, who shall keep an Inventory of them in a separate Book.

9. The Name, Age, Height, Weight, Features, particular Marks, and general Appearance of a Criminal Prisoner shall, upon his Admission, be noted in a nominal Record of

28 & 29 Vict. 4 I Prisoners,

Cleanliness in Prison.

Trees, &c. not allowed against Walls.

Temperature.

Visitors not to sleep within the Prison.

Hours of locking and unlocking the Prison.

Prisoners to he searched on Admission; alone.

Effects retained by Gaoler.

Register of certain Particulars relating to Prisoner.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Prisoners, to be kept by the Gaoler. Every Criminal Prisoner shall also, as soon as possible, be examined by the Surgeon, who shall enter in a Book to be kept by the Gaoler a Record of the State oi Health of the Prisoner, and any Observations he may deem it expedient to add.

10. All Prisoners, previously to being removed to any other Prison, or being discharged from Prison, shall be examined by the Surgeon; and no Prisoner shall be removed to any other Prison unless the Surgeon certifies, by an Entry in the Nominal Record, that the Prisoner is free from any Illness that renders him unfit for Removal; and no Prisoner shall be discharged from Prison if labouring under any acute or dangerous Distemper, nor until, in the Opinion of the Surgeon, such Discharge is safe, unless such Prisoner require to be discharged.

11. Prisoners before Trial shall be kept apart from convicted Prisoners.

12. Female Prisoners shall be searched on Admission by Female Officers. In other respects the same Course shall be pursued in reference to the Admission, Removal, or Discharge of a Female Prisoner as in the Case of a Male Prisoner, the Matron performing the Duties imposed on the Gaoler in case of a Male Prisoner.

Food, Clothing, and Bedding of Prisoners.

13. No Tap shall be kept in any Prison; nor shall Spirituous Liquors of any kind be admitted for the Use of any of the Prisoners therein, under any Pretence whatever, unless by a written Order of the Surgeon, specifying the Quantity to be admitted, and the Name of the Prisoner for whose Use it is intended; but this Regulation shall not apply to any Stock of Spirituous Liquors kept in the Prison for the Use of the Infirmary, and under the Control of the Surgeon.

14. No Smoking shall be allowed, or Tobacco introduced, except with the Consent and subject to the Rules made by the Visiting Justices, or under a written Order of the Surgeon.

Order of Sur- 15. Any Order by the Surgeon for the Admission of Spirituous Liquors or Tobacco shall be entered by him in his Journal.

Debtor may 16. A Debtor shall be permitted to maintain himself, and to procure or receive at proper maintain him- Hours Food, Wine, Malt Liquor, Clothing, Bedding, or other Necessaries, but subject to Examination, and to such Rules as may be approved by the Visiting Justices.

Debtor not to 17. No Part of any Food, Wine, Malt Liquor, Clothing, Bedding, or other Necessaries se revisions. belonging to any Debtor shall be sold to any other Prisoner; and any Debtor transgressing this Regulation shall lose the Privilege of receiving or purchasing any Wine or Malt Liquor for such a Time as the Visiting Justices may aeem proper.

Prison Allow- 18. A Debtor, if unable to provide himself with sufficient Food, Clothing, Bedding, or anceto Deb- other Necessaries, shall receive the Allowance of Food, Clothing, Bedding, or other Necessaries allotted to Debtors unable to maintain themselves by the Prison Rules for the Time being in force.

Prisoner be- 19. A Criminal Prisoner before Trial may procure for himself, or receive at proper BMinS^hlm- Hours, Food, and Malt Liquor, Clothing, Bedding, or other Necessaries, subject to Exami-gelf, nation, and to such Rules as may be approved by the Visiting Justices; and any Articles

so procured may be paid for out of the Monies belonging to such Prisoner in the Hands of the Gaoler. No Part of such Food, Malt Liquor, Bedding, Clothing, or other Necessaries shall be sold or transferred to any other Prisoner; and any Prisoner transgressing this Regulation shall be prohibited from procuring any Food or other Necessaries for such Time as the Visiting Justices may deem proper. If a Criminal Prisoner before Trial does not provide himself with Food, he shall receive the Allowance of Food allotted to Criminal Prisoners before Trial by the Rules of the Prison.

Dress of Cri- 20. Criminal Prisoners before Trial may, if they desire it, wear the Prison Dress, and before Triajner *key ^e required to do so if their own Clothes are insufficient or unfit for Use, or necessary to be preserved for the Purposes of Justice. The Prison Dress for Prisoners before Trial shall be of a different Colour from that of convicted Prisoners.

21. Every

Removal and Discharge of Prisoners.

Separation.

Female

Prisoners.

Spirituous

Liquors.

Smoking.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

21. Every convicted Criminal Prisoner shall be allowed a sufficient Quantity of Food according to the Scale established by the Rules of the Prison. Prisoners under the Care of the Surgeon shall be allowed such Diet as he may direct. Care shall be taken that all Provisions supplied to the Prisoners be of proper Quality and Weight. Scales and legal Weights and Measures shall be provided, open to the Use of any Prisoners, under such Restrictions as may be made by the Prison Rules.

22. No convicted Criminal Prisoner shall be allowed any Wine, Beer, or other fermented Liquor, except under a written Order from the Surgeon, to be entered in his Journal, specifying the Quantity and the Name of the Prisoner for whose Use it is intended, or shall receive any Food, Clothing, Bedding, or Necessaries other than the Prison Allowance, except under special Circumstances, to be judged of by One or more of the Visiting Justices, and to be reported to the Prison Authority.

23. A convicted Criminal Prisoner shall be provided with a complete Prison Dress, and shall be required to wear it.

24. On the Discharge of a Prisoner his own Clothes shall be returned to him unless it has been found necessary to destroy them, in which Case he shall be provided with Clothing.

25. If necessary, the Clothes of a Prisoner shall be purified before he is allowed to wear them in the Prison or to take them on his Discharge.

26. Every Male Prisoner shall sleep in a Cell by himself, or under special Circumstances in a separate Bed placed in a Cell containing not fewer than Two other Male Prisoners, and sufficient Bed Clothes shall be provided for every Prisoner. A convicted Criminal Prisoner may be required to sleep on a Plank Bed without a Mattrass during such Time as may be determined by the Rules of the Prison. Epileptic Prisoners, or Prisoners labouring under Diseases requiring Assistance or Supervision in the Night, may at any Time, notwithstanding this Regulation, be placed by'Order of the Surgeon with not fewer than Two other Male Prisoners.

27. The Bed Clothes shall be airedj changed, and washed as often as the Surgeon or the Visiting Justices may direct.

Personal Cleanliness.

28. Prisoners shall be required to keep themselves clean and decent in their Persons, and to conform to such Rules as may be laid down for that Purpose.

29. The Hair of a Female Prisoner shall not be cut without her Consent, except on account of Vermin or Dirt, or when the Surgeon deems it requisite on the Ground of Health, and the Hair of Male Criminal Prisoners shall not be cut closer than may be necessary for Purposes of Health and Cleanliness.

Employment of Prisoners.

30. No Gaming shall be permitted in any Prison, and the Gaoler shall seize and destroy all Dioe, Cards, or other Instruments of Gaming.

31. Debtors may be permitted to work and follow their respective Trades and Professions, provided their Employment does not interfere with the Regulations of the Prison; and such Debtors as find their own Implements, and are not maintained at the Expense of the Prison, shall be allowed to receive the whole of their Earnings; but the Earnings of such as are furnished with Implements, or are maintained at the Expense of the Prison, shall be subject to a Deduction, to be determined by the Visiting Justices, for the Use of Implements and the Cost of Maintenance.

32. Criminal Prisoners before Trial shall have the Option of Employment, but shall not be compelled to perform any Hard Labour.

33. On the Acquittal of any Criminal Prisoner, or when no Bill of Indictment is found against him, such an Allowance on account of his Earnings, if any, shall be paid to such Prisoner on his Discharge as the Visiting Justices may think reasonable.

34. Every Male Prisoner of Sixteen Years of Age and upwards, sentenced to Hard Labour, shall, during the whole of his Sentence where it does not exceed Three Months,

615

Prison Allowance of Food for convicted Prisoner.

Convicted Prisoner restricted to Prison Allowances.

Dress of cpn-victedCriminal.

Return of Clothing.

Purification of Clothing.

Beds.

Bedding.

Personal Cleanliness of Prisoners. Hair-cutting.

Prohibition of Gaming.

Work and Earnings of Debtors.

Employment of Prisoners before Trial. Allowance out of Earnings to acquitted Prisoners. Regulations as to Hard Labour of the First Class.

Regulations as to Hard Labour of the Second Class.

Days of Exemption from Hard Labour. Examination by Surgeon of Prisoners at Hard Labour.

Employment of Prisoners not sentenced to Hard Labour.

Exercise of Debtors.

Of Prisoners in separate Confinement.

When Prisoners to be reported to Surgeon.

Entry of Directions by Surgeon.

Infirmaries.

Room for Use as Chapel.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

and during the First Three Months of his Sentence where it exceeds Three Months, be kept at Hard Labour of the First Class for such Number of Hours not more than Ten or less than Six (exclusive of Meals) as may be prescribed by the Visiting Justices, and during the Remainder of his Sentence shall be kept in like Manner at Hard Labour of the First Class, except where during such Remainder of his Sentence the Visiting Justices substitute Hard Labour of the Second Class for Hard Labour of the First Class; provided that if the Surgeon certifies any such Prisoner to be unfit to be kept at Hard Labour of the First Class during the whole or any Part of the prescribed Hours, such Prisoner shall, during such whole or Part of the prescribed Hours, be kept at Hard Labour of the Second Class, unless the Surgeon certifies that such Prisoner is unfit to be kept at either Class of Hard Labour during the whole or any Part of such Hours; provided that Prisoners sentenced to Hard Labour for Periods not exceeding Fourteen Days may, in pursuance of Rules made by the Justices in Sessions, be kept in separate Confinement at Hard Labour of the Second Class during the whole Period of their Sentences.

35. Every Male Prisoner under the Age of Sixteen Years sentenced to Hard Labour, and every Female Prisoner sentenced to Hard Labour, shall be kept at Hard Labour of the Second Class during such Number of Hours not more than Ten or less than Six (exclusive of Meals) in each Day as may be prescribed by the Visiting Justices, unless the Surgeon certifies that he or she is unfit for Hard Labour.

36. No Prisoner shall be employed at Hard Labour on Sundays, Christmas Day, Good Friday, and Days appointed for Public Fasts or Thanksgivings.

37. The Surgeon shall from Time to Time examine the Prisoners sentenced to Hard Labour during the Time of their being so employed, and shall enter in his Journal the Name of any Prisoner whose Health he thinks to be endangered by a Continuance at Hard Labour of either Class, and thereupon such Prisoner shall not again be employed at such Class of Hard Labour until the Surgeon certifies that he is fit for such Employment.

38. Provision shall be made by the Visiting Justices for the Employment of all convicted Criminal Prisoners not sentenced to Hard Labour. The Visiting Justices shall make Rules as to the Amount and Nature of such Employment, but no Prisoner not sentenced to Hard Labour shall be punished for Neglect of Work, excepting by such Alteration in the Scale of Diet as may be established by the Rules of the Prison in the Case of Neglect of Work by such Prisoners.

Health of Prisoners.

39. Debtors shall have the Means of daily taking Exercise in the open Air.

40. Criminal Prisoners, if employed at Work in their own Cells, shall be permitted to take such Exercise in the open Air as the Surgeon may deem necessary for their Health.

41. The Names of the Prisoners who desire to see the Surgeon, or appear out of Health, shall be reported by the Officer attending them to the Gaoler, and by him without Delay to the Surgeon,

42. All Directions given by the Surgeon in relation to any Prisoner, with the Exception of Orders for the Supply of Medicines or Directions in relation to such Matters as are carried into effect by the Surgeon himself or under his Superintendence, shall be entered Day by Day in his Journal, which shall have a separate Column in which Entries are to be made by the Gaoler, stating in respect of each Direction the Fact of its having been or not having been complied with, accompanied by such Observations, if any, as the Gaoler may think fit to make, and the Date of the Entry.

43. In every Prison an Infirmary or proper Place for the Reception of sick Prisoners shall be provided.

Religious Instruction.

44. In every Prison where there is no Chapel a suitable Room shall be set apart for the Purposes of the Chapel.

45. Prayers

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126. 617

45. Prayers to be selected by the Chaplain from the Liturgy of the Established Church Prayers shall be read daily by the Chaplain, Gaoler, or such other Person as may be appointed by the Visiting Justices, and at such Time or Times as may be fixed by them, and Portions of the Scriptures shall be read to the Prisoners, when assembled for Religious Instruction, by the Chaplain, or by such Person, with the Consent of the Visiting Justices, as he may appoint

46. The Chaplain shall on every Sunday, and on Christmas Day and Good Friday, Performance of perform the appointed Morning and Evening Services of the Established Church, and Divine Service, preach at such Time or Times as shall be fixed by him with the Approval of the Visiting Justices. He shall give Religious and Moral Instruction to the Prisoners who are willing to receive it He shall administer the Holy Sacrament of the Lord's Supper on suitable Occasions to such Prisoners as shall be desirous, and as he may deem to be in a proper Frame of Mind to receive the same. He shall frequently visit every Room and Cell of the Prison occupied by Prisoners, and shall direct such Books to be distributed and read and such Lessons to be taught in the Prison as he may deem proper for the Religious Instruction of the Prisoners. Criminal Prisoners shall attend Divine Service on Sundays, and on other Days when such Service is performed, unless prevented by Illness or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Gaoler, or unless their Attendance is dispensed with by the Visiting Justices: This Regulation shall not apply to any Prisoner who is attended or visited by a Minister of a Church or Persuasion differing from the Established Church;

And no Prisoner shall be compelled to attend any Religious Service held or performed, or any Religious Instruction given, by the Chaplain, Minister, or Religious Instructor of a Church or Persuasion to which the Prisoner does not belong.

47. If any Prisoner is of a Religious Persuasion differing from that of the Established Ministers to Church, and no Minister has been appointed to attend at the Prison on the Prisoners of that Persuasion, the Visiting Justices shall permit a Minister of such Persuasion to be ^b^c^om!1 approved by them to visit such Prisoner at proper and reasonable Times, under such Restrictions as may be imposed by the Visiting Justices to guard against the Introduction of improper Persons and prevent improper Communications, unless such Prisoner expressly objects to see such Minister.

48. No Books or Printed Papers shall be admitted into any Prison for the Use of the Books and Prisoners, except by Permission of the Visiting Justices; and no Books or Printed Papers Printed Papers, intended for the Religious Instruction of Prisoners belonging to the Established Church

shall be admitted but those chosen by the Chaplain; provided that in cose there may be a Difference of Opinion between the Chaplain and Visiting Justices with respect to Books or Papers proposed to be admitted for the Religious Instruction of a Prisoner belonging to the Established Church, Reference shall be had to the Bishop of the Diocese, whose Decision shall be final; and, subject to such Permission of the Visiting Justices as aforesaid, all Books or Printed Papers admitted into any Prison for the Religious Instruction of Prisoners belonging to any other Persuasion, and who are visited by a Minister of such Persuasion, shall be approved by such Minister; and the Gaoler shall keep a Catalogue of all Books and Printed Papers admitted into the Prison.

49. The Chaplain shall communicate to the Gaoler any Abuse or Impropriety in the communicate

Prison which may come to his Knowledge, and shall enter the same in his Journal. Abuses to

50. Where an Assistant Chaplain is appointed to a Prison, he shall be competent to ?a°^tCha perform any Duty required by Law to be performed by the Chaplain, and when either of an<i cha£ them, the Chaplain or Assistant Chaplain, is absent from the Prison, the other shall take Iain's Substi-his Duties. Where there is no Assistant Chaplain, or in case of the Services of the tute# Assistant Chaplain not being available by reason of Sickness or other unavoidable Cause,

the Chaplain shall, when absent from the Prison on Leave or from any unavoidable Cause, appoint, with the Consent of the Visiting Justices, a Substitute, and insert his Name and Residence in his Journal. In the event of any sudden Cause preventing the Chaplain, or, in the Absence of the Chaplain, the Assistant Chaplain, from performing his Duties, he may accept the Assistance of a Clergyman of the Established Church in the Performance of Divine Service in the Chapel, inserting the Fact, and the Name of such Clergyman, in his Journal.

51. A Minister

Substitute for Prison Minister.

Substitute on Death of Chaplain or Minister.

Instruction of Prisoners.

Communication with Prisoners.

Power of Gaoler as to Visitors.

Regulation as to Punishment

Gaoler to punish for Prison Offences.

Punishment of Prisoners by Visiting Justices.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

51. A Minister appointed under the Prison Ministers Act, 1863, may, when absent on Leave, or from any unavoidable Cause, appoint a Substitute with the Consent of the Visiting Justices.

52. In the event of the Death of any Chaplain or Assistant Chaplain of a Prison, or of a Minister appointed under the Prison Ministers Act, 1863, the Visiting Justices shall provide a Substitute until the next Meeting of the Justices in Sessions.

Instruction.

53. Provision shall be made in every Prison for the Instruction of Prisoners in Reading, Writing, and Arithmetic during such Hours and to such Extent as to the Visiting Justices may seem expedient, provided that such Hours shall not be deducted from the Hours prescribed for Hard Labour.

Visits to and Communications with Prisoners.

54. Due Provision shall be made for the Admission, at proper Times and under proper Restrictions, of Persons with whom Prisoners before Trial may desire to communicate. Care being taken that, so far as is consistent with the Interests of Justice, such Prisoners shall see their legal Advisers alone; such Rules also shall be made by the Justices in Sessions assembled for the Admission of the Friends of convicted Prisoners as they may deem expedient; the Justices shall also impose such Restrictions upon the Communication and Correspondence of Prisoners with their Friends as they judge necessary for the Maintenance of good Order and Discipline in such Prison.

55. The Gaoler may demand the Name and Address of any Visitor to a Prisoner; and when he has any Ground for Suspicion may search or cause to be searched Male Visitors, and may direct the Matron or some other Female Officer to search Female Visitors, such Search not to be in the Presence of any Prisoner or of another Visitor; and in case of any Visitor refusing to be searched, the Gaoler may deny him or her Admission; the Grounds of such Proceeding, with the Particulars thereof, to be entered in his Journal

Prison Offences.

56. No Punishments or Privations of any kind shall be awarded, except by the Gaoler, or by a Visiting or other Justice.

57. The Gaoler shall have Power to hear Complaints respecting any of the Offences following; that is to say,

1. Disobedience of the Regulations of the Prison by any Prisoner;

2. Common Assaults by one Prisoner on another;

3. Profane cursing and swearing by any Prisoner;

4. Indecent Behaviour by any Prisoner;

5. Irreverent Behaviour at Chapel by any Prisoner;

6. Insulting or threatening Language by any Prisoner to any Officer or Prisoner;

7. Absence from Chapel without Leave by any Criminal Prisoner;

8. Idleness or Negligence at Work by any convicted Criminal Prisoner;

9. Wilful Mismanagement of Work by any convicted Criminal Prisoner.

All the above Acts are declared to be Offences against Prison Discipline; and it shall be lawful for the Gaoler to examine any Person touching such Offences, and to determine thereupon, and to punish such Offences by ordering any Offender, for any Time not exceeding Three Days, to close Confinement, to be kept there upon Bread and Water. And the Gaoler shall enter in a separate Book called the Punishment Book a Statement of the Nature of any Offence that he has punished in pursuance of this Regulation, with the Addition of the Name of the Offender, the Date of the Offence, and the Amount of Punishment inflicted.

58. If any Criminal Prisoner is guilty of repeated Offences against Prison Discipline, or is guilty of any Offence against Prison Discipline which the Gaoler is not by this Act empowered to punish, the Gaoler shall report the same to the Visiting Justices, or One of them; and any One of such Justices, or any other Justice having Jurisdiction in the Plaoe to which the Prison belongs, shall have Power to inquire upon Oath and to determine concerning

619

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

ceming any Matter so reported to him, and to order the Offender to be punished by Confinement in a Punishment Cell for any Term not exceeding One Month, or, in the Case of Prisoners convicted of Felony or sentenced to Hard Labour, by personal Correction.

59. No Prisoner shall be put in Irons or under mechanical Restraint by the Gaoler of Use of irons, any Prison, except in case of urgent Necessity; and the Particulars of every such Case shall be forthwith entered in the Gaoler's Journal, and Notice forthwith given thereof to One of the Visiting Justices; and no Prisoner shall be kept in Irons or under mechanical Restraint for more than Twenty-four Hours without an Order in Writing from a Visiting Justice, specifying the Cause thereof, and the Time during which the Prisoner is to be kept in Irons or under mechanical Restraint, which Order shall be preserved by the Gaoler as his Warrant.

60. All Corporal Punishments within the Prison shall be attended by the Gaoler and Corporal the Surgeon. The Surgeon shall give such Orders for preventing Injury to Health as he 11 8 menta' may deem necessary, and it shall be the Duty of the Gaoler to carry them into effect, and the Gaoler shall enter in the Punishment Book the Hour at which the Punishment is inflicted, the Number of Lashes, and any Orders which the Surgeon may have given on the Occasion.

Prisoners under Sentence of Death.

61. Every Prisoner under Warrant or Order for Execution shall, immediately on his Prisoners Arrival in the Prison after Sentence, be searched by or by the Orders of the Gaoler, and all ^onieath Articles shall be taken from him which the Gaoler deems dangerous or inexpedient to leave 161106 ° ea in his Possession. He shall be confined in a Cell apart from all other Prisoners, and shall be placed by Day and by Night under the constant Charge of an Officer. He shall be allowed such a Dietary and Amount of Exercise as the Gaoler, with the Approval of the Visiting Justices, may direct. The Chaplain shall have free Access to every such Prisoner, unless the Prisoner be of a Religious Persuasion differing from that of the Established Church, and be visited by a Minister of such Persuasion, in which Case the Minister of such Persuasion shall have free Access to him. With the above Exceptions, no Person, not being a Visiting Justice or an Officer of the Prison, shall have Access to the Prisoner except in pursuance of an Order from a Visiting Justice.

During the Preparation for anExecution, and the Time of the Execution, no Person shall enter the Prison who is not legally entitled to do so, unless in pursuance of an Order in Writing from Two or more Visiting Justices.

Prison Officers.

62. No Prisoner shall be employed as Turnkey, Assistant Turnkey, Wardsman, Yards- Regulation as man, Overseer, Monitor, or Schoolmaster, or in the Discipline of the Prison, or in the ^p^0^6^ Service of any Officer thereof, or in the Service or Instruction of any other Prisoner. Prison Offices. But this Regulation shall not be taken to prevent the Employment of any Debtor in

that Part of the Prison in which he may be lawfully confined in any Manner in which he may be willing to be employed, and which is consistent with his safe Custody.

63. Every Prison Officer while acting as such, shall, by virtue of his Appointment, Prison Officers and without being sworn in before any Justice, be deemed to be a Constable, and to have

all such Powers, Authorities, Protection, and Privileges for the Purpose of the Execution 8 of his Duty as a Prison Officer as any Constable duly appointed has within his Constablewick by Common Law, Statute, or Custom.

64. No Officer of a Prison shall sell or let to, nor shall any Person in trust for or Officers not to

employed by him sell or let to, or derive any Benefit from the selling or letting of any to

Article to any Prisoner.

65. No Officer of a Prison shall, nor shall any Person in trust for or employed by him,

have any Interest, direct or indirect, in any Contract for the Supply of the Prison. Mso^rs *

66. No Officer of a Prison shall at any Time receive Money, Fee, or Gratuity of any Officers not to Kind for the Admission of any Visitors to the Prison or to Prisoners, or from or on behalf take Gratultie8, of any Prisoner, on any Pretext whatever.

76. Female Prisoners shall in all Cases be attended by Female Officers. f^dedbyi^-

Gaoler, male Officers.

Residence of Gaoler.

Gaoler to conform to Law and Regulations of Prison.

May suspend

subordinate

Officers.

To inspect the Prison daily.

To post up in Cells Abstract of certain Regulations.

To report to Surgeon Prisoners disordered in Mind.

To notify to Chaplain and Surgeon Prisoners requiring their Attention.

To give Notice of Death of Prisoners.

To report Insane Prisoners.

To keep enumerated Books and Accounts.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Gaoler.

68. The Gaoler shall reside in the Prison. He shall not be an Under Sheriff or Bailiff or be concerned in any other Employment.

69. The Gaoler shall strictly conform to the Law relating to Prisons and to the Prison Regulations, and shall be responsible for the due Observance of them by others. He shall observe the Conduct of the Prison Officers, and enforce on each of them the due Execution of his Duties, and shall not permit any subordinate Officer to be employed in any private Capacity, either for any other Officer of the Prison, or for any Prisoner.

70. The Gaoler shall, in case of Misconduct, have Power to suspend any subordinate Officer, and shall report the Particulars without Delay to a Visiting Justice.

71. The Gaoler shall, as far as practicable, visit the whole of the Prison, and see every Male Prisoner once at least in every Twenty-four Hours, and in default of such daily Visits and Inspections he shall state in his Journal how far he has omitted them, and the Cause thereof. He shall, at least once during the Week, go through the Prison at an uncertain Hour of the Night, which Visit, with the Hour and State of the Prison at the Time, he shall record in his Journal. When visiting the Females' Prison he shall be attended by the Matron or some other Female Officer.

72. The Gaoler shall cause an Abstract to be approved by the Secretary of State of the Regulations relating to the Treatment and Conduct of Prisoners, with a Copy of the Prison Dietaries, (printed in legible Characters,) to be posted in each Cell, and shall read or cause the same to be read to every Prisoner who cannot read within Twenty-four Hours after his Admission.

73. The Gaoler shall without Delay call the Attention of the Surgeon to any Prisoner whose State of Mind or Body appears to require Attention, and shall carry into effect the written Directions of the Surgeon respecting Alterations of the Discipline or Treatment of any such Prisoner.

74. The Gaoler shall notify to the Surgeon without Delay the Illness of any Prisoner, and shall deliver to him daily a List of such Prisoners as complain of Illness, or are removed to the Infirmary, or confined to their Cells by Illness, and he shall daily deliver to the Chaplain and Surgeon Lists of such Prisoners as are confined in Punishment Cells.

75. Upon the Death of a Prisoner the Gaoler shall give immediate Notice thereof to the Coroner of the District to which the Prison belongs, and to vOne of the Visiting Justices, as well as to the nearest Relative of the Deceased, where practicable.

76. The Gaoler shall without Delay report to the Visiting Justices any Case of Insanity or apparent Insanity occurring among the Prisoners.

77. The Gaoler shall keep the following Records and Accounts: —

First, The Register required by the Prison Ministers Act, 1863, to be kept of the Church or Religious Persuasion to which each Prisoner belongs.

Second, A Journal in which he shall record all such Matters as he is directed to record therein by this Act, and all other Occurrences of Importance within the Prison.

Third, A Nominal Record of all Prisoners committed to his Charge, in such Form as may be directed by the Visiting Justices.

Fourth, A Punishment Book for the Entry of the Punishments inflicted for Prison Offences.

Fifth, A Visitors Book for the Entry of any Observations made by Visitors to the Prison.

Sixth, A Record of Articles taken from Prisoners.

Seventh, A Record of the Employment of Prisoners sentenced to Hard Labour, and the Manner in which they have been so employed.

Eighth, A List of Books and Documents committed to his Care.

Ninth, An Inventory of all the Furniture and moveable Property belonging to the Prison.

Tenth, An Account of all Prison Receipts and Disbursements.

78. The

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

78. The Gaoler shall be responsible for the safe Custody of the Journals, Registers, Books, Commitments, and all other Documents confided to his Care.

79. The Gaoler shall not be absent from the Prison for a Night without Permission in Writing from a Visiting Justice; and his Leave of Absence, with the Name of the Visiting Justice granting it, shall be entered in his Journal; but if absent without Leave for a Night from unavoidable Necessity he shall state the Fact and the Cause of it in his Journal.

80. Where a Deputy Gaoler is appointed to a Prison he shall be legally competent to perform any Duty required by Law to be performed by the Gaoler, and when the Gaoler is absent from the Prison the Deputy Gaoler shall perform all his Duties. Where there is no Deputy Gaoler, or in case of his Services not being available by reason of Sickness or other unavoidable Cause, the Gaoler shall, when absent from the Prison on Leave, appoint, with the Consent of the Visiting Justices, an Officer of the Prison to act as his Substitute, and during such Absence the Substitute so appointed shall have all the Powers and perform all the Duties of the Gaoler.

The Deputy Gaoler when in charge of the Prison as Gaoler shall, if absent from the Prison from any unavoidable Cause, or unable from Sickness to perform his Duties, appoint a Substitute with the Sanction of the Visiting Justices.

Matron.

81. The Matron shall reside in the Prison. She shall have the Care and Superintendence of the whole Female Department The Wards, Cells, and Yards where Females are confined shall be secured by Locks different from those securing the Wards, Cells, and Yards allotted to Male Prisoners, and the Keys of those Locks shall be kept in the Custody of the Matron.

82. The Matron shall, so far as practicable, visit and inspect every Part of the Prison occupied by Females, and see every Female Prisoner once at least in every Twenty-four Hours, and in default of such daily Visits and Inspections she shall state in her Journal how far she has omitted them, and the Cause thereof. She shall, at least once during the Week, go through such Part of the Prison at an uncertain Hour of the Night, which Visit, with the Hour and State of such Part of the Prison at the Time, shall be recorded in her Journal.

83. The Matron shall not be absent from the Prison for a Night without Permission in Writing from a Visiting Justice on the Recommendation of the Gaoler; and her Leave of Absence, with the Name of the Visiting Justice granting it, shall be entered in her Journal; but if absent without Leave for a Night from unavoidable Necessity she shall state the Fact and the Cause of it in her Journal.

84. The Matron shall, with the Consent of the Gaoler, and with the Approval of the Visiting Justices, appoint a Female Officer of the Prison to act as Deputy Matron whenever she is aDsent on Leave from the Prison, and during such Absence the Deputy Matron shall have all the Powers and Duties of the Matron. Before leaving the Prison the Matron shall personally give over the Charge of the Part of the Prison occupied by Females to the Deputy Matron.

85. The Matron shall keep a Journal in which she shall record all Occurrences of Importance within her Department, and Punishments of Female Prisoners, and lay the Journal before the Gaoler daily, and before the Visiting Justices at their Ordinary Meetings.

Surgeon.

86. The Surgeon shall visit the Prison at least twice in every Week, and oftener if necessary, and shall see every Prisoner in the Course of the Week. He shall daily visit the Prisoners, if any, confined in Punishment Cells, and he shall visit daily, and oftener if necessary, such of the Prisoners as are sick, and, when necessary, shall direct any Prisoner to be removed to the Infirmary.

87. The Surgeon shall enter, in the English Language, Day by Day, in his Journal to be kept in the Prison, an Account of the State of every sick Prisoner, the Name of his

621

Responsible for safe Custody of Documents. Not to be absent without Leave.

Power of Deputy Gaoler.

Substitute of Deputy Gaoler.

General Duties.

To inspect daily Female Prison.

Not to be absent without Leave.

To appoint Deputy when absent.

To keep Journal.

When to visit Prison.

To make daily Record respecting sick Prisoners.

Occasionally to inspect every Part of Prison,

&c.

To report special Cases.

To call in additional Medical Aid.

To make Entries as to Death of Prisoner.

To appoint Substitute when absent.

Officers to obey Gaoler.

Not to be absent without Leave.

Not to receive Visitors without Leave.

To examine Cells, Locks, &c.

Duties of Gate Porter.

Gaoler to transmit List of Prisoners to Secretary of State.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Disease, a Description of the Medicines and Diet, and any other Treatment which he may order for such Prisoner.

88. The Surgeon shall, once at least in every Three Months, inspect every Part of the Prison, and enter in his Journal the Result of each Inspection, recording therein any Observations he may think fit to make on any Want of Cleanliness, Drainage, Warmth, or Ventilation; any bad Quality of the Provisions, any Insufficiency of Clothing or Bedding, any Deficiency in the Quantity or Defect in the Quality of the Water, or any other Cause which may affect the Health of the Prisoners.

89. Whenever the Surgeon has Reason to believe that the Mind of a Prisoner is or is likely to be injuriously affected by the Discipline or Treatment, he shall report the Case in Writing to the Gaoler, together with such Directions os he may think proper, and he shall call the Attention of the Chaplain to any Prisoner who appears to require his special Notice.

90. The Surgeon may, in any Case of Danger or Difficulty which appears to him to require it, call in additional Medical Assistance; and no serious Operation shall be performed without a previous Consultation being held with another Medical Practitioner, except under Circumstances not admitting of Delay, such Circumstances to be recorded in his Journal.

91. The Surgeon shall, forthwith on the Death of any Prisoner, enter in his Journal the following Particulars; viz., at what Time the Deceased was taken ill, when the Illness was first communicated to the Surgeon, the Nature of the Disease, when the Prisoner died, and an Account of the Appearances after Death (in Cases where a post mortem Examination is made), together with any special Remarks that appear to him to be required.

92. In case of Sickness, necessary Engagement, or Leave of Absence, to be given by the Visiting Justices, the Surgeon shall appoint a Substitute, approved of by the Visiting Justices. The Name and Residence of the Substitute shall be entered in his Journal.

Prison Officers.

93. All Officers of the Prison shall obey the Directions of the Gaoler, subject to the Regulations of this Act, and all subordinate Officers shall perform such Duties as may be directed by the Gaoler, with the Sanction of the Visiting Justices, and the Duties of each subordinate Officer shall be inserted in a Book to be kept by him.

94. Subordinate Officers shall not be absent from the Prison without Leave from the Gaoler, and before absenting themselves they shall leave their Keys, Instruction Book, and Report Book in the Gaoler's Office.

95. Subordinate Officers shall not be permitted to receive any Visitors within the Prison without Permission of the Gaoler.

96. All subordinate Officers shall frequently examine the State of the Cells, Bedding, Locks, Bolts, &c., and shall seize all prohibited Articles, and deliver them to the Gaoler forthwith.

Porter.

97. The Officer acting as Gate Porter may examine all Articles carried in or out of the Prison, and may stop any Person suspected of bringing in Spirits or other prohibited Articles into the Prison, or of carrying out any Property belonging to the Prison, giving immediate Notice thereof to the Gaoler.

Reports.

98. Within One Week after the Termination of every Assize or Court of Quarter Sessions the Gaoler shall transmit by Post to One of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State a Calendar containing the Names, Crimes, and Sentences of every Prisoner tried at such Assize or Court of Quarter Sessions in such Form and containing such Particulars as may be required by the Secretary of State; and whenever such Court adjourns for any longer Time than One Week, the Day upon which the Adjournment is made shall be

623 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

Gaoler to attend Session *, and make Report.

Journals and Reports of Chaplain and Surgeon.

Record of Visits of Chaplain and Non-resident Officers.

deemed the Termination of the Session within the Meaning of this Regulation; and every adjourned Session for the Trial of Prisoners shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed a separate Session; and every Gaoler who neglects or refuses to transmit such Calendar, or wilfully transmits a Calendar containing any false or imperfect Statement, shall For every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, to be recovered summarily.

99. The Visiting Justices shall once at least in each Quarter of the Year carefully examine the following Books kept by the Gaoler of every Prison, that is to say, the Register kept in pursuance of the Prison Ministers Act, 1863, the Journal, the Nominal Record, the Punishment Book, the Visitors Book, the Record of Articles taken from Prisoners, the Record of the Employment of Prisoners, the List of Books and Documents committed to his Care, the Inventory and the Account of Prison Receipts and Disbursements, and shall report to the Justices in Sessions assembled any special Circumstances which call for Notice in respect of such Books. The Gaoler shall also at such Sessions answer, on Oath if required, the Inquiries of the Justices with respect to the Condition of the Prison and of the Prisoners, and with respect to any other Matters relating thereto. He shall at the same Time present a Certificate, signed by himself, containing a Declaration how far the Requisitions of this Act with respect to the Separation of Prisoners and Enforcement of Hard Labour have been complied with, and shall point out any Deviation therefrom which has taken place since his last Attendance at Sessions.

100. The Journals of the Chaplain and Surgeon shall, once at least in each Quarter of a Year, be laid before the Justices in Sessions assembled at such Time as they may appoint, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Sessions in proof of the same having been there produced. The Chaplain shall once in the Year and he may at any Sessions, deliver to the Justices in Sessions assembled a Statement of the Condition of the Prison to which he is attached, and his Observations thereon; and the Surgeon shall, once at least in each Quarter of a Year, report to the Justices in Sessions assembled the Condition of the Prison, and the State of Health of the Prisoners under his Care.

101. There shall be kept in every Prison a Book, to be called the Non-resident Officers Book, in which the Chaplain and any other Officer of the Prison not residing within the Prison, but attending on or required to attend on such Prison, shall regularly enter the Date of every Visit made to the Prison by such Officer; and every Entry shall be signed with the Name and be in the Handwriting of such Officer, and such Book shall, once at least in each Quarter of a Year, be laid before the Justices in Sessions assembled at such Time as they may appoint, and shall be signed by the Chairman of the Sessions in proof of the same having been produced. The Gaoler of every Prison shall be responsible for the safe Custody of such Book, and shall at all Times, when required so to do, produce it for Inspection to the Visiting Justices, or to any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, Hundred, District, City, Town, or Place to which the Prison belongs.

---

Construction and Application of Schedule.

[Rules as to Prisoners not Debtors or Criminals.]

102. Subject to the Provisions of this Act, the Justices in Sessions assembled shall make such Rules as they think expedient with respect to the Classification and Treatment of Prisoners who are not Debtors and are not Criminal Prisoners within the Meaning of this Act.

[Construction of Word "Regulation."]

103. Any Rules made by the Justices in Sessions assembled, or by the Visiting Justices, and any Dietary Tables framed in pursuance of this Act, shall be deemed to be Regulations of the Prison within the Meaning of this Act.

[Definition of Subordinate Officers.]

104. All Officers of a Prison shall be deemed to be subordinate Officers with the Exception of the Gaoler, the Chaplain, the Surgeon, the Matron, and any Minister appointed under the Prison Ministers Act

624 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126.

SCHEDULE II.

Prisons of - Legal Character of Prison. - County.

Aberystwith - Borough Prison - Cardigan.

Bradninch - Borough Prison - Devon.

Faversham - Borough Prison - Kent.

Helstone - Borough Prison - Cornwall.

King's Lynn - Borough Prison - Norfolk.

Lichfield - Borough Prison - Stafford.

Maldon - Borough Prison - Essex.

Newcastle-under-Lyme - Borough Prison - Stafford.

Penzance - Borough Prison - Cornwall.

Richmond - Borough Prison - York.

Romney Marsh - Liberty - Kent.

Rye - Borough Prison - Sussex.

South Molton - Borough Prison - Devon.

Tenterden - Borough Prison - Kent.

SCHEDULE III. List of Acts repealed.

Date. - Title of Act. - Extent of Repeal.

---

4 Geo. 4. c. 64. - An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the building, repairing, and regulating of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales. The whole Act.

5 Geo. 4. c. 85. - An Act for amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to the building, repairing, and enlarging of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction, and for procuring Information as to the State of all other Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales. The whole Act.

6 Geo. 4. c. 40. - An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in England in certain Cases to borrow Money on Mortgage of the Rate of the City, Riding, or Place for which such Justices shall be then acting. The whole Act.

7 Geo. 4. c. 18. - An Act to authorize the Disposal of unnecessary Prisons in England. The whole Act.

5 & 6 W. 4. c. 38. An Act for effecting greater Uniformity of Practice in the Government of the several Prisons in England and Wales, and for appointing Inspectors of Prisons in Great Britain. Secs. 2, 5, 6, 11, and 12.

5&6 W. 4. c. 76. An Act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales. Secs. 115 and 116.

6 & 7 W. 4. C. 105. An Act for the better Administration of Justice in certain Boroughs. Secs. 1 and 2.

1 Vict. c. 78. - An Act to amend an Act for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales. Secs. 37 and 38.

28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 126, 127. 625

Date. - Title of Act. - Extent of Repeal.

2 & 3 Vict c. 56. j An Act for the better ordering of Prisons. The whole Act, except Secs. 18, 19, 20, and 21, and except Secs. 22 and 23 so far as they relate to Prisons or Places of Confinement to which this Act does not extend.

3 & 4 Vict. c. 25. An Act to amend the Act for the better ordering of Prisons. The whole Act.

5 & 6 Vict. c. 53. An Act to encourage the Establishment of District Prisons. The whole Act

5 & 6 Vict. c. 98. An Act to amend the Law relating to Prisons Secs. 1, 2, 4, 8, 9, 13, 25, and 30, so far as the said Sections relate to Prisons within the Provisions of this Act.

---

7 & 8 Vict. c. 50. - An Act to extend the Powers of the Act for encouraging the Establishment of District Courts and Prisons. - The whole Act.

7 & 8 Vict. c. 93. - An Act to enable Barristers to arbitrate between Counties and Boroughs to submit a Special Case to the Superior Courts. - The whole Act.

11 & 12 Vict. c. 39. - An Act to facilitate the raising of Money by Corporate Bodies for building or repairing Prisons. - The whole Act.

16 & 17 Vict c. 43. - An Act for enabling the Justices of Counties to contract in certain Cases for the Maintenance and Confinement of convicted Prisoners in the Gaols of adjoining Counties. - The whole Act.

25 & 26 Vict. c. 44. - An Act to amend the Law relating to the giving of Aid to discharged Prisoners. - Secs. 2 and 3.

26 & 27 Vict c. 79. - An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to the religious Instruction of Prisoners in County and Borough Prisons in England and Scotland. - So much of Section 3 as is inconsistent with the Provisions of this Act, and the whole of Section 5, but so far only as relates to Prisons to which this Act applies.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act to amend the Law relating to small Penalties.

[6th July 1865.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to amend the Law relating to small Penalties: Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, as follows:

[Short Title.]

1. This Act may be cited for all Purposes as "The Small Penalties Act, 1865."

[Commencement of Act.]

2. This Act shall come into operation on the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixty-five.

[Definition of "Penalty."]

3. The Word "Penalty" in this Act shall include any Sum of Money recoverable in a summary Manner.

626 28° & 29° VICTORIAE, c. 127.

[Recovery of small Penalties.]

4. Where upon summary Conviction any Offender may be adjudged to pay a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, such Offender, in case of Nonpayment thereof, may, without any Warrant of Distress, be committed to Prison for any Term not exceeding the Period specified in the following Scale, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid:

For any Penalty — The Imprisonment not to exceed

Not exceeding Ten Shillings - Seven Days.

Exceeding Ten Shillings and not exceeding One Pound - Fourteen Days.

Exceeding One Pound but not exceeding Two Pounds - One Month.

Exceeding Two Pounds but not exceeding Five Pounds - Two Months.

[Saving as to Hard Labour.]

5. Nothing in this Act contained shall affect the Power of imposing Hard Labour in addition to Imprisonment in Cases where Hard Labour might, on Nonpayment of the Penalty, have been so imposed if this Act had not passed.

[Application of Act.]

6. This Act shall apply to Penalties, including Costs, recoverable in a summary Manner in pursuance of any Act of Parliament, whether passed before or after the Commencement of this Act; and all Provisions of any Act of Parliament authorizing, in the Case of Nonpayment of a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, a longer Term of Imprisonment than is provided by this Act, shall be repealed.

[Not to apply to Penalties under Revenue Acts.]

7. This Act shall not apply to any Penalty imposed by any Act of Parliament relating to the Inland Revenue.

[Extent of Act.]

8. This Act shall extend to England only.

[Index removed.]

LONDON: Printed by George Edward Eyre and William Spottiswoode, Printers to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty. 1865.

