Private Acts passed in 1767, 8 George 3 c.1 - c.72.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 28.
---

1. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields and meadows of Stow, within the parish of Threekingham, in the county of Lincoln.

2. An act to enable James Shuttleworth the younger esquire, and his issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Holden, pursuant to the will of Robert Holden esquire, deceased.

3. An act to enable John Swinfen (lately called John Grundy) and is issue, to take and use the surname and arms of Swinfen.

4. An act to enable the reverend Ralph Drake clerk, and his issue, to take and bear the surname and arms of Brockman, pursuant to the will of James Brockman esquire, deceased.

5. An act for naturalizing William Aubert.

6. An act for naturalizing Dirk Willem Van Dam.

7. An act for naturalizing John Francis Rossier, Charles Augustus Rodolph Lewis de Willermin, Nicholas Freeze, John James Schlapffer, and Lewis Repinder.

8. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Loughton, in the county of Bucks.

9.An act for continuing, establishing, and confirming, the surname and arms of Wallinger, unto John Wallinger formerly called John Arnold, and his issue, pursuant to the will of John Wallinger, his late uncle, deceased.

10. An act to enable Judith Paul, and her issue, to use and take the name of Saint Paul.

11. An act for naturalizing David Peyer Imhoff.

12. An act for dividing and inclosing several open fields and commons, within the lordship or liberty of Rempstone, in the county of Nottingham.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, and pastures, within the township of Hotham, in the east riding of the county of York.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, and commonable lands, on the south and west parts of the river Leam, in the manor and parish of Remington Priors, in the county of Warwick.

15. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, apd common fen, within the parishes of Billingborough and Birthorpe, in the county of Lincoln; and for draining and improving the said fen.

16. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common pastures, commons, and wastes, within the township of Millington, in the county of York.

17. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open fields, lands, grounds, meadows, padures, commons, and wastes, within the township of Bridlington, in the east riding of the county of York; and for extinguishing the right of common, or average, upon certain ancient inclosures, within the same township.

18. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, meadow grounds, sheep downs, commons, common heaths, and other waste grounds, in the in-parish of Winfrith Newburgh, in the county or Dorset.

19. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open common fields, meadow grounds, heath, and commonable lands, in the parish of Kitton, in the county of Rutland.

20. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, marshes, waste grounds, commons, carrs, pasture, and moor, within the manor of Hook, in the parish of Snaith, in the county of York; and for maintaining the banks within the said manor and township.

21. An act for dividing and inclosing the several commons, common heaths, and waste grounds, in the manor of Morden, in the county of Dorset.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing several stinted pastures within the township of Litton, in the parish of Arncliffe, in the county of York.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste ground, within the township and manor of Cononly, in the parish of Kildwick, in the west riding of the county of York.

24. An act for dividing and inclosing the several open and common fields, within the manor or lordship of Tilsworth, in the county of Bedford.

25. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common pastures; and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Woughton on the Green, in the county of Bucks.

26. An act to dissolve the marriage of Thomas Brooke doctor in physic, with Harriet Nelthorpe, his now wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for exemplifying or inrolling an indenture of settlement of Elizabeth Bridges, and the will and codicils of of Brooke Bridges esquire; and making the same evidence, as well in Ireland as Great Britain.

28. An act to enable Thomas Killborn, and his issue male, to take and use the surname of Burrowes, pursuant to the will of John Burrowes, deceased.

29. An act to enable Thomas Jennet, an infant, and his issue, to take and use the surname of Worge only, pursuant to the will of George Worge, deceased.

30. An act to enable the most noble John duke of Bedford, and the most honourable Elizabeth marchioness of Tavistock, and the survivor of them, and such person or persons as they, or the survivor of them, shall, by any deed or writing, or by his or her last will and testament, nominate or appoint, to make leases of the real estates, late of the most honourable Francis Russel, called Marquis of Tavistock, deceased.

31. An act for vesting several undivided parts of divers baronies, lands, and hereditaments, late the estate of Brice Fisher esquire, deceased, situate in the provinces of South Carolina and Georgia in America, in trustees, to be sold, and discharged of the uses of the will of the said Brice Fisher; and for vesting the money arising by such sale in the purchase of lands and hereditaments, in that part of Great Britain called England, to be settled to the uses of the said will.

32. An act for establishing and confirming articles of agreement, dated 31st of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, between the honourable William Edwardes, Rowland Edwardes, John Owen Edwardes, esquires, and the right honourable Henry lord Holland, concerning the manor of Abbots Kensington, and divers messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex; and for vesting such manor, lands, and hereditaments, in trust, to sell and convey the same to the said Henry lord Holland, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

33. An act for vesting an undivided moiety of certain manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, situate and being in the county of Berks, late the estate of Charles lord viscount Fane, deceased, and which, upon his death, became vested in possession, in Dorothy countess of Sandwich, in trustees, and their heirs, in trust, to be sold; and for applying the money to arise by the sale thereof in the manner therein mentioned.

34. An act to enable William Tufnell Joliff esquire, lord of the manor of Barners, otherwise Barnersbury, in Islington, in the county of Middlesex, to grant building leases of the demesne lands thereto; and to rate and assess fines on certain copyhold lands, within the said manor, for encouraging the tenants to build thereon.

35. An act for sale of the freehold estate, late of Roger Drake esquire, deceased; and for laying out the money arising thereby for the benefit of Roger Drake, an infant, his eldest son and heir at law.

36. An act for making a building, intended for a chapel, lately erected by William Wright esquire, in the township of Stockport, and county and diocese of Chester, a perpetual cure and benefice; and for endowing the same.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and heath, called Navestock Common and Heath, within the manors of Navestock and Lofthall, in the county of Essex.

38. An act for selling part of a green, called Nun's Green, in the borough of Derby, in the county of Derby, and for applying the money arising from the sale thereof, in the improvement of the remaining part of the said green; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open common fields, lands, and grounds, in Welwick and Weeton, in the parish of Welwick, in Holderness, in the east riding of the county of York.

40. An act for dividing and inclosing the several fields, meadows, waste, and other commonable lands, lying within the manor or liberty of Little Sheepy, in the county of Leicester.

41. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, meadow grounds, and common fen, in the parish of Morton, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the said fen.

42. An act for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields, meadows, and commons, within the lordship or liberty of Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, pastures, and commonable lands, in the parish of Willoughton, in the county of Lincoln.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons, waste grounds, open fields, common meadows, and common pastures, in the liberty of Littleover, within the parish of Mickleover, in the county of Derby.

45. An act for dividing and inclosing the open commons, and town fields, within the township of East Ayton, in the parish of Seamer, in the county of York.

46. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, common meadows, and common pastures, in the parish of Normanton next Derby, in the county of Derby.

47. An act for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds, in the parishes of Lakenheath and Brandon, in the County of Suffolk.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parishes of Lilley and Offley, in the county of Hertford, except a certain sheep down, commonly called Lilley Hoo, in the parish of Lilley, and certain lands, part of the said common fields, lying south east of West Lane End, the Mill House, and Cold's Cross, and north east of the town of Offley.

49. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, lands, and grounds, within the township of North Burton, otherwise Burton Flemming, in the county of York.

50. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, and commonable lands, within the liberties of Epperstone, in the county of Nottingham.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing several commons, and waste grounds, within the manor of Wavertree, in the parish of Childwall, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

52. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, meadows, common pastures, and other commonable lands, within the parish and liberties of Burton Joyce and in the county of Nottingham.

53. An act for making the exemplification of the last will of Richard Fitz Gerald esquire, deceased, evidence in all courts of law and equity in Great Britain and Ireland.

54. An act to enable Reynold Thomas, an infant, and his heirs, to take and use the surname of Deere, pursuant to the will of Reynold Deere, deceased.

55. An act for enabling and empowering the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and their successors, to sell and convey to the right honourable George earl of Pomfret, the lordship and manor of Oxenforde with the messuages, lands, and hereditaments, thereto belonging; and for applying the purchase-money to the purposes therein mentioned.

56. An act for the more effectually carrying into execution an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled An act for vesting in trustees, the settled estate of Washington earl Ferrers in the county of Derby, to be sold for satisfying the incumbrances and portions affecting the same, and the rest of his settled estates; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act for rectifying a mistake in the name of one of the trustees in the settlement made of the estates of the right honourable William earl of Harrington, previous to his marriage with the right honourable Caroline countess of Harrington his wife.

58. An act to subject and charge a competent part of the manor and lordship of Tottenham Hall, otherwise Tottenham Court, in the county of Middlesex, and of the lands and hereditaments thereunto belonging, with the payment of a perpetual yearly rent-charge to doctor Richard Browne, and his successors; and for diverting the fee-simple and inheritance of the said premisses , out of him and his successors; and for vesting the same in trustees, to the use of Charles Fitzroy esquire, and Ann his wife, and their issue, with such powers and authorities as therein are mentioned.

59. An act for vesting in trustees, and their heirs, an intailed estate, in the county of Lincoln, of sir Thomas Gage baronet, dame Lucy his wife, and their issue, in order that the same may be sold, and the purchase-money applied for the purposes in the said act mentioned; and for settling an estate, in the county of Suffolk, of the said sir Thomas Gage, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

60. An act for vesting the settled estate of William Nedham esquire, in the island of Jamaica, in trustees, for the purposes therein mentioned.

61. An act for vesting part of the settled estate of the honourable and reverend James Yorke, and Mary his Wife, situate in Arlington Street; in the county of Middlesex, in trustees, to be conveyed pursuant to articles entered into for sale thereof; and for laying out the money, thereby stipulated to be paid, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the same uses.

62. An act for confirming and carrying into execution an agreement, dated the twenty sixth day of December, in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, between Walter Waring esquire, and the right honourable Robert lord and for vesting certain estates, in the counties of Salop and Montgomery, in certain trustees, and their heirs, for that purpose.

63. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments, in the parish of Warfield,in the county of Berks, with the appurtenances, in John Hart Cotton of Warfield aforesaid esquire; and for settling and assuring, in lieu thereof, a rent-charge of greater value, to be issuing out of part of the said land and hereditaments, and also out of a capital messuage and lands in the said parish of Warfield, and in the parish of in the same county, or one of them, belonging to the said John Hart Cotton, for the purposes in the act mentioned.

64. An act for impowering trustees, during the respective minorities of the four infant sons of Thomas Hawkins esquire, deceased, to make leases of estates, in the county of Cornwall, to which they are successively intitled, as tenants in tail, under the will of Philip Hawkins esquire, deceased; and for other the purposes mentioned.

65. An act for vesting certain undivided shares, belonging to Mary Wright, an infant, of and in several messuages, tenements, and lands, in the county of Lancaster, in trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the money, arising from the sale thereof, in the purchase of other lands, to be settled to the use of the said infant, and her heirs, on the part of her mother; and for other purposes therein mentioned;

66. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of Shipton upon Charwell, in the county of Oxford.

67. An act for dividing and inclosing the open arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and grounds, within the township of Snainton, in the parishes of Brompton and Ebberston, in the north riding of the county of York.

68. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, cow pastures, and other commons, and commonable lands, in the parish of Toynton Supra, within the manor of Horncastle, in the county of Lincoln.

69. An act to enable the right honourable James Greenville, the right honourable Isaac Barre, and the right honourable Rickard Rigby, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

70 An act to dissolve the marriage of Frederick lord viscount Bolingbroke, with lady Diana Spencer his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

71. An act to dissolve the marriage of Charles Daly esquire, with Anne Statia Daly his now wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

72. An act for naturalizing Lawrance Laforest.

