Public Acts passed in 1660, 12 Charles 2 c.1 - c.37.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 7; and Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament.

2. An act for putting in Execution an Ordinance mentioned in the said Act.

3. An act for the Continuance of Process and judicial Proceedings continued.

4. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

5. An act for continuing the excise until the twentieth of August 1660.

6. An act for the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers, and the said Statute of Henry the Eighth to continue in Force.

7. An act for restoring unto James Marquis of Ormond all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the 23d Day of October 1641. or at any Time since.

8. An act for continuing the excise till the 25th Day of December 1660.

9. An act for the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea.

10. Explanations of certain Defaults in an Act, intituled, An act for the Speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding an Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

11. An act for Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion.

12. An act for Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings.

13. An act for the restraining the taking of excessive Usury.

14. An act for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving of the nine and twentieth Day of May.

15. An act for the speedy Disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom, with Instructions for the same.

16. An act for enabling the Soldiers of the Army, now to be disbanded, to exercise Trades.

17. An act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers.

18. An act for the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation.

19. An act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies.

20. An act for the raising of sevenscore thousand Pounds, for the compleat Disbanding of the whole Army, and paying Part of the Navy.

21. An act for the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

22. An act for the Regulating of the Trade of Bay-making in the Dutch Bay-hall in Colchester.

23. A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life.

24. An act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof.

25. An act for the better ordering the selling of Wines by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling, Corrupting and Vitiating of Wines, and for settling and limiting the Prices of the same.

26. An act for the levying of the Arrears of the twelve Months Assessment, commencing the 24th of June 1659, and the six Months Assessment, commencing the 25th of December 1659.

27. An act for granting unto the king's Majesty four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by an Assessment of threescore and ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for six Months, for Disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy.

28. An act for further supplying and explaining certain defects in an Act, intituled, An act for the speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

29. An act for the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

30. An act for the Attainder of several Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First.

31. Leases and grants from colleges and hospitals confirmed.

32. An act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Woolsels, Fullers Earth, or any kind of Scouring Earth.

33. An act for Confirmation of Marriages.

34. An act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting or Sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland.

35. An act for erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

36. The Master of the Rolls for the Time being, impowered to make Leases for Years, in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls.

37. An act for making the Precinct of Covent-Garden Parochial.

