Public Acts passed in 1661, 13 Charles 2 session 1 c.1 - c.15.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8; and Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An act for safety and preservation of his Majesty's person and government, against treasonable and seditious practices and attempts.

2. An act for repeal of an act of parliament, intituled, An act for disabling all persons in holy orders, to exercise any temporal jurisdiction or authority.

3. An act for the declaring, vesting and settling of all such monies, goods, and other things in his Majesty, which were received, levied or collected in these late times, and are remaining in the hands of possession of any treasurers, receivers, collectors, or others, not pardoned by the act of oblivion.

4. An act for a free and voluntary present to his Majesty.

5. Against tumults and disorders, upon pretence of preparing or presenting publick petitions, or other addresses to his Majesty, or the parliament.

6. An act for declaring the sole right of the militia to be in the King, and for the present ordering and disposing the same.

7. An act for confirming publick acts.

8. An act for providing necessary carriages for his Majesty in his royal progress and removals.

9. An act for the establishing articles and orders for the regulating and better government of his Majesty's navies, ships of war, and forces by sea.

10. An act to prevent the unlawful coursing, hurting or killing of deer.

11. An act for confirming of three acts therein mentioned.

12. An act for Explanation of a Clause contained in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the late King Charles, intituled, An act for Repeal of a Branch of a Statute Primo Elizabethae, concerning Commissioners for Causes Ecclesiastical.

13. An act for vesting the Arrears of the Excise and New Import in his Majesty.

14. An act for Confirming an Act, intituled, An act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and several other Acts, both Public and Private mentioned therein.

15. An act for declaring the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed upon the estates and Persons of certain notorious Offenders, excepted out of the Act of Free and general Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion.

