Public Acts passed in 1662, 13 & 14 Charles 2 c.1 - c.33.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8; and Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 3.
---

1. An act for preventing the Mischiefs and Dangers that may arise by certain Persons called Quakers, and others, refusing to take lawful Oaths.

2. An act for Repairing the Highways and Sewers, and for paving and keeping clean of the Streets in and about the city of London and Westminster, and for Reforming of Annoyances and Disorders in the Streets of, and Places adjacent to, the said Cities; and for the Regulating and Licensing of Hackney Coaches, and for the enlarging of several strait and inconvenient Streets and Passages.

3. An act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom.

4. An act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers and administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of Making, Ordaining and Consecrating Bishops, Priests and Deacons in the Church of England.

5. An act for Regulating the making of Stuffs in Norfolk and Norwich.

6. An act for Inlarging and Repairing of common Highways.

7. An act to restrain the Exportation of Leather and raw Hides out of the Realm of England.

8. An act for Distribution of Threescore thousand Pounds amongst the truly Loyal and Indigent Commission Officers, and for assessing of Offices, and distributing the Moneys thereby raised for their further Supply.

9. An act for the Relief of poor and maimed Officers and Soldiers, who have faithfully served his Majesty and his Royal Father in the late Wars.

10. An act for establishing an additional Revenue upon his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of his and their Crown and Dignity.

11. An act for preventing Frauds, and Regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs.

12. An act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

13. An act prohibiting the Importation of Foreign bone lace, cut work, Imbroidery, Fringe, band strings, Buttons and needlework.

14. An act directing the Prosecution of such as are accountable for Prize Goods.

15. An act for Regulating the Trade of silk throwing.

16. An act for the more speedy and effectual bringing those Persons to Account, whose Accounts are excepted in the Act of Oblivion.

17. An act for the Relief of collectors of Public Moneys, and their Assistants and Deputies.

18. An act against exporting of sheep, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, Wool flocks, Fullers earth, Fulling clay, and tobacco pipe Clay.

19. An act against Importing of Foreign Wool cards, card wire, or iron wire.

20. An act for providing Carriage by Land and by Water, for the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance.

21. An act for preventing the unnecessary Charge of Sheriffs, and for Ease in passing their Accounts.

22. An act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

23. An additional Act concerning Matters of Assurance used amongst Merchants.

24. An act Declaratory concerning Bankrupts.

25. An act for the Restoring of all such Advowsons, Rectories, Impropriate Glebe lands and Tithes to his Majesty's loyal Subjects, as were taken from them, and making void certain Charges imposed on them upon their Compositions for Delinquency, by the late usurped Powers.

26. An act for reforming abuses committed in the Weight and false Packing of Butter.

27. An act for repairing of Dover Harbour.

28. An act for Regulation of the Pilchard fishing in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall.

29. An act for Reversing the Earl of Strafford his Attainder.

30. An act for the Importing of Madder pure and unmixed.

31. An act to prevent the Inconvenience arising by melting the Silver Coin of this Realm.

32. An act for the better Regulating of the Manufacture of Broad Woollen Cloth, within the West riding of the County of York.

33. An act for preventing the frequent Abuses in Printing seditious, tresaonable, and unlicenced Books and Pamphlets, and for Regulating of Printing and Printing presses.

