Public acts passed in 1671, 22 & 23 Charles 2 c.1 - c.26.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act to prevent malicious maiming and wounding.

2. An act for continuance of a former act, intituled, An act to prevent delays in extending statutes, judgments and recognizances.

3. An act for granting a subsidy to his Majesty for supply of his extraordinary occasions.

4. An act for continuance of a former act to prevent arrests of judgments, and superseding executions.

5. An act for an additional excise on beer, ale, and other liquors.

6. An act for revesting the power of granting wine-licences in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and for settling a recompence on his royal Highness in lieu thereof.

7. An act to prevent the malicious burning of houses, stacks of corn and hay, and killing or maiming of cattle.

8. An act for the regulating the making of Kidderminster stuffs.

9. An act for laying impositions on proceedings at law.

10. An act for the better settling of intestates estates.

11. An act to prevent the delivery up of merchants ships, and for the increase of good and serviceable shipping.

12. An additional act for ascertaining the measures of corn and salt.

13. An act for exporting of beer, ale and mum.

14. An act for determination of differences touching houses burnt or demolished within four years since the late dreadful fire in London.

15. An act for the better settlement of the maintenance of the parsons, vicars and curates in the parishes of the city of London, burnt by the late dreadful fire there.

16. An act for the discovery of such as have defrauded the poor of the city of London of the monies given for their relief, at the times of the late plague and fire, and for recovery of the arrears thereof.

17. An act for the better paving and cleansing the streets and sewers in and about the city of London.

18. An act for the better regulating of workhouses, for setting the poor on work.

19. An act to prevent frauds in the buying and selling of cattle in Smithfield, and elsewhere.

20. An act for the Relief and Release of poor distressed prisoners for Debt.

21. An act for taking the accounts of sixty thousand pounds and other monies given to the loyal and indigent officers.

22. An act for the better and more certain recovery of fines and forfeitures due to his Majesty.

23. An act to revive an Act, intituled, An act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal, with some Alterations and Additions.

24. An act for vesting certain fee-farm Rents, and other small Rents, in Trustees.

25. or the better Preservation of the Game, and for securing Warrens not enclosed, and the several fishings of this Realm.

26. An act to prevent the Planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade.

