Public acts passed in 1685, 1 James 2 c.1 - c.22.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 8.
---

1. An act for settling the revenue on his Majesty for his life, which was settled on his late Majesty for his life.

2. An act to attaint James duke of Monmouth of high treason.

3. An act for granting his Majesty an imposition upon ail wines and vinegar, imported between the four twentieth day of June, one thousand six hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth day of of June, one thousand six hundred ninety and three.

4. An act for granting to his Majesty an imposition upon all tobacco and sugar imported between the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand six hundred eighty five, and the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand six hundred ninety three.

5. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by an imposition on all linens, and all East India linen, and several other manufactures of India, and on all French wrought silks and stuffs, and on all other wrought silks, and on all brandies, imported after the first day of July, one thousand six hundred eighty five, and before the first day of July, one thousand six hundred and ninety, for the King's extraordinary occasions.

6. An act for repealing certain clauses in an act of parliament made in the nine and twentieth and thirtieth years of the reign of his late Majesty, for prohibiting French commodities.

7. An act for reviving and continuing two former acts for encouragement of coinage.

8. Against the Importation of gunpowder, arms, and ether ammunition, and utensils of war.

9. An act to enable his Majesty to make grants, leases, and copies of offices, lands and hereditaments, parcel of his Highness's duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for confirmation of leases and grants already made.

10. An act for the providing necessary carriages for his Majesty in his royal progress and removals.

11. An act for reviving an act for providing of carriages by land and by water, for the use of his Majesty's navy and ordnance.

12. An act for consolidating the estates tail and reversion in fee, which his Majesty hath in the post office, and twenty four thousand pounds per annum of the hereditary excise.

13. An act for reviving a former act for exporting of leather.

14. An act for continuance of three former acts for preventing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders or England.

15. An act for rebuilding, finishing, and adorning of the cathedral church of St. Paul, London.

16. An act for clearing, preferring, maintaining, and repairing the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth.

17. An act for reviving and continuance of several acts of parliament therein mentioned.

18. An act to encourage the building of ships in England.

19. An additional act for improvement of tillage.

20. An act to enable the inhabitants of the parish of St. Anne within the liberty of Westminster, to raise money to build a church to be the parish church there.

21. An act for repealing a clause for dividing of commons in an act of parliament made in the fifteenth year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for settling the draining of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level.

22. An act for erecting a new parish, to be called the parish of St.James, within the liberty of Westminster.

