Public Acts passed in 1688, 1 William and Mary Session 1 c.1 - c.34.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An act for removing and preventing all questions and disputes concerning the assembling and sitting of this present parliament.

2. An act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such persons as he shall find just cause to suspect are conspiring against the government.

3. An act for the granting a present aid to their Majesties.

4. An act for reviving of actions and process lately depending in the courts at Westminster, and discontinued by the not holding of Hilary term, and for supplying other defects relating to proceedings at law.

5. An act for punishing officers or soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties service.

6. An act for establishing the coronation oath.

7. An act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain such persons as he shall find just cause to suspect are conspiring against the government.

8. An act for the abrogating of the oaths of supremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths.

9. An act for the amoving papists, and reputed papists from the cities of London and Westminster, and ten miles distant from the same.

10. An act for the taking away the revenue arising by hearth money.

11. An act for explaining and making effectual a statute made in the first year of King James the Second, concerning the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth.

12. An act for the encouraging the exportation of corn.

13. An act for raising money by a poll, and otherwise, towards the reducing of Ireland.

14. An act for preventing doubts and questions concerning the collecting the publick revenue.

15. An act for the better securing the government, by disarming papists and reputed papists.

16. That the simoniacal promotion of one person may not prejudice another.

17. An act for rectifying a mistake in a certain act of this present parliament, For the amoving papists from the cities of London and Westminster.

18. An act for exempting their Majesties protestant subjects, dissenting from the church of England, from the penalties of certain laws.

19. An act for impowering their Majesties to commit, without bail, such persons as they shall find just cause to suspect are conspiring against the government.

20. An act for a grant to their Majesties of an aid of twelve pence in the pound for one year, for the necessary defence of their realms.

21. An act for enabling lords commissioners for the great seal to execute the office of lord chancellor, or lord keeper.

22. An act for the exportation of beer, ale, cyder, and mum.

23. An act for reviving two former acts for exporting of leather.

24. An act for an additional duty of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors.

25. An act to regulate the administration of the oaths required to be taken by commission or warrant officers employed in their Majesties service by land; by virtue of an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for the abrogating of the oaths of supremacy and allegiance, and appointing other oaths.

26. An act to vest in the two universities the presentations of benefices belonging to papists.

27. An act for taking away the court holden before the president and council of the marches of Wales.

28. An act for appropriating certain duties, for paying the states general of the united provinces their charges for his Majesty's expedition into this kingdom, and for other uses.

29. An act for relief of the protestant Irish clergy.

30. An act to repeal the statute made in the fifth year of King Henry the Fourth, against the multiplying gold and silver.

31. An additional act for the appointing commissioners for the executing an act of this present parliament, intituled, An act for a grant to their Majesties of an aid of twelve pence in the pound for one year, for the necessary defence of their realms.

32. An act for the better preventing the exportation of wool, and encouraging the woolen manufactures of this kingdom.

33. An act for explaining part of an act made in the first year of King James the First, concerning tanned leather.

34. An act for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France.

