Public Acts passed in 1690, 2 William and Mary Session 2 c.1 - c.15.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 9.
---

1. An act for granting an aid to their Majesties of the sum of sixteen hundred fifty one thousand seven hundred and two pounds eighteen shillings.

2. Concerning the commissioners of the admiralty.

3. An act for doubling the duty of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, during the space of one year.

4. An act for granting to their Majesties certain impositions upon all East India goods and merchandises, and upon all wrought silks, and several other goods and merchandise, to be imported after the five and twentieth day of December, one thousand six hundred and ninety.

5. An act for the continuance of several former acts therein mentioned, for the laying several duties upon wines, vinegar, and tobacco.

6. An act for punishing officers and soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majesties service, and for punishing false musters.

7. An act for reviving a former act for regulating the measures and prices of coals.

8. An act for paving and cleansing the streets in the cities of London and Westminster, and suburbs and liberties thereof, and out parishes in the county of Middlesex, and in the borough of Southwark, and other places within the weekly bills of mortality, in the county of Surrey, and for regulating the markets therein mentioned.

9. An act for the encouraging the distilling of brandy and spirits from corn, and for laying several duties on low wines, or spirits of the first extraction.

10. An act for granting to their Majesties several additional duties of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for four years, from the time that an act for doubling the duty of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, during the space of one year, doth expire.

11. An act for appointing and enabling commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick accounts of the kingdom.

12. An act for raising the militia of this kingdom for the year one thousand six hundred ninety and one, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

13. An act for preventing vexatious Suits against such as acted for their Majesties service in defence of the kingdom.

14. An act for the more effectual putting in execution an act, intituled, An act for prohibiting all trade and commerce with France.

15. An act for relief of poor prisoners for debt or damages.

