Acts passed in 1697, 8 & 9 William 3 c.7 - c.37.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 10.
---

7. For granting to his Majesty several duties upon paper, vellum, and parchment, to encourage the bringing of plate and hammered money into the mints to be coined.

8. For encouraging the bringing in of wrought plate to be coined.

9. To restore the market at Blackwell Hall to the clothiers, and for regulating the factors there.

10. To enable the returns of juries as formerly, until the first day of November, one thousand six hundred ninety seven.

11. For the better preventing frivolous and vexatious suits.

12. For continuing several additional impositions upon several goods and merchandises.

13. For continuing several former acts for punishing officers and soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert his Majesty’s service, and for payment of quarters, for one year longer.

14. For compleating the building and adorning the cathedral church of St. Paul, London, and for repairing the collegiate church of St. Peter, Westminster.

15. For repairing the highway between Ryegate in the county of Surrey, and Crawley in the county of Sussex.

16. For enlarging common high-ways.

17. For paving and regulating the Hay-market in the parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St. James, within the liberty of Westminster.

18. For relief of creditors, by making compositions with their debtors, in case two thirds in number and value do agree.

19. For repealing a clause in a former act relating to party guiles, and for the better preventing frauds and abuses of brewers, and others, chargeable with the duties of excise.

20. For making good the deficiencies of several funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital stock of the bank of England, and for raising the publick credit.

21. For laying a duty upon leather, for the term of three years, and making other provision for answering the deficiencies as well of the late duties upon coals and culm, as for paying the annuities upon the lottery, and for lives, charged on the tunnage of ships, and the duties upon salt.

22. For granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, sweets, cyder, and perry, as well towards carrying on the war against France, as for the necessary expence of his Majesty's household and other occasions.

23. To enforce the act for the increase and encouragement of seamen.

24. For granting to his Majesty a further subsidy of tunnage and poundage upon merchandizes imported, for the term of two years and three quarters, and an additional land tax for one year, for carrying on the war against France.

25. For licensing hawkers and pedlars, for a further provision for payment of the interest of the transport debt for the reducing of Ireland.

26. For the better preventing the counterfeiting the current coin of this kingdom.

27. For the more effectual relief of creditors in cases of escapes, and for preventing abuses in prisons, and pretended privileged places.

28. For the better observation of the course anciently used in the receipt of Exchequer.

29. For the repair of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the east riding of the county of York.

30. For supplying some defects in the laws for the relief of the poor of this kingdom.

31. For the easier obtaining partitions of lands in coparcenary, joint tenancy, and tenancy in common.

32. To restrain the number and ill practice of brokers and stock jobbers.

33. To make perpetual and more effectual an act intituled, An act to prevent delays at the quarter sessions of the peace.

34. For lessening the duty upon tin and pewter exported, and granting an equivalent for the same, by a duty upon drugs.

35. For raising the militia for the year one thousand six hundred ninety seven, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

36. For the further encouragement of the manufacture of lustrings and alamodes within this realm, and for the better preventing the importation of the same.

37. For explaining and enforcing the act for paving and cleansing the streets within the cities of London and Westminster, and borough of Southwark, and weekly bills of mortality, and streets adjoining thereunto; and for widening the street at the south end of London Bridge.

