Acts passed in 1703, 2 & 3 Anne c.1 - c.20
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 11
---

1. For granting an aid to her Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in the year one thousand seven hundred and four.

2. For granting an aid to her Majesty, by continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for one year.

3. For granting an aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, by selling annuities at several rates, and for such respective terms or estates as are therein mentioned.

4. For the publick registring of all deeds, conveyances, and wills, that shall be made of any honours, manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, within the west riding of the county of York, after the nine and twentieth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and four.

5. To repeal a Proviso in an act of the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the citizens of the city of York from disposing of their personal estates by their wills, as others inhabiting within the province of York by that act may do.

6. For the increase of seamen, and better encouragement of navigation, and security of the coal trade.

7. For enlarging the term of years granted by an act passed in the session of parliament, held in the eleventh and twelfth years of King William III. for the repair of Dover harbour.

8. For the erecting a workhouse in the city of Worcester, and for setting the poor on work there.

9. For granting to her Majesty an additional subsidy of tunnage and poundage for three years; and for laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prize; and for ascertaining the values of unrated goods imported from the East Indies.

10. To enlarge the time for the purchasers of the forfeited estates in Ireland, to make the payments of their purchase money.

11. For the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious intentions for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in perpetuity the revenues of the first fruits and tenths; and also for enabling any other persons to make grants for the same purpose.

12. For the raising the militia tor the year one thousand seven hundred and four, notwithstanding the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

13. For prolonging the time by an act of parliament made in the first year of her Majesty's reign, for importing thrown silk of the growth of Sicily from Leghorn.

14. For the better securing and regulating the duties upon salt.

15. For the better and more regular paying and assigning the annuities, after the rate of three pounds percent, per annum, payable to several bankers, and other patentees, or those claiming under them.

16. For the discharging out of prison such insolvent debtors as shall serve, or procure a person to serve, in her Majesty's fleet or army.

17. For the better charging several accountants with interest monies by them received, and to be received.

18. For the further explanation and regulation of privilege of parliament in relation to persons in publick offices.

19. For raising recruits for the land forces, and marines, and for dispensing with part of the act for the encouragement and increase of shipping and navigation, during the present war.

20. For punishing mutiny, desertion, and false musters, and for better paying of the army and quarters, and for satisfying divers arrears, and for a further continuance of the powers of the five commissioners for examining and determining the accounts of the army.

