Acts passed in 1703,8 Anne c.1 - c.21.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 12.
---

1. For granting an aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1710.

2. To prohibit the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and low wines, spirits, worts, and wash drawn from malted corn.

3. For charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year 1710.

4. For continuing part of the duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, and granting new duties upon houses having twenty windows or more, to raise the sum of 1, 500, 000l. by way of a lottery, for the service of the year 1710.

5. To continue the act for recruiting her Majesty's land forces and marines, for the service of the year 1710.

6. For employing the manufacturers, by encouraging the consumption of raw silk, and mohair yarn.

7. For granting to her Majesty new duties of excise, and upon several imported commodities, and for establishing a yearly fund thereby, and by other ways and means, to raise 900,000l. by sale of annuities, and (in default thereof) by another lottery, for the service of the year 1710.

8. For clearing, preserving, and maintaining the harbour of Catwater, lying near Plymouth, in the county of Devon; and for the cleansing and keeping clean the pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid.

9. For laying certain duties up-on candles, and certain rates upon monies to be given with clerks and apprentices, towards raising her Majesty's supply for the service of the year 1710.

10. To continue the act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and quarters.

11. To explain so much of the act for prohibiting the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and low wines, spirits, worts, and wash drawn from malted corn; by which act the said commodities are admitted to be carried from the isle of Wight to several markets; and for giving liberty to export certain quantities of oatmeal, for the use of the British hospitals beyond the seas.

12. For making a convenient dock or bason at Leverpoole, for the security of all ships trading to and from the said port of Leverpoole.

13. For continuing several impositions, additional impositions, and duties upon goods imported, to raise money by way of loan for the service of the year 1710. and for taking off the over-sea duty on coals exported in British bottoms; and for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods; and for ascertaining the duties of corans imported in Venetian ships; and to give further time to foreign merchants for exportation of certain foreign goods imported; and to limit a time for prosecutions upon certain bonds given by merchants; and for continuing certain fees of the officers of the customs; and to prevent imbezilments by such officers; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majesty; and for replacing monies paid or to be paid for making good any deficiencies on the annuity acts; and for encouragement to raise naval stores in her Majesty's plantations; and to give further time for registring debentures, as is therein mentioned.

14. For the better security of rents, and to prevent frauds committed by tenants.

15. For explaining and enlarging an act of the sixth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the security of her Majesty's person and government.

16. For discharging the attendance of noblemen, barons, and freeholders, upon the lords of judiciary in their circuits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for abolishing the method of exhibiting criminal informations by the porteous roll.

17. For explaining and making more effectual an act for the better enabling the master, wardens, and assistants of Trinity House to rebuild the light house on the Edystone rock.

18. To regulate the price and assize of bread.

19. For the encouragement of learning, by vesting the copies of printed books in the authors or purchasers of such copies, during the times therein mentioned.

20. For raising the militia for the year 1710, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

21. For vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the harbours and docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

