Public Acts passed in 1713, 12 Anne, Sess. 2, c.1 - c.23.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 13.
---

1. An act for granting an aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1714.

2. An act for allowing a drawback upon the exportation of salt to be made use of for the curing of fish taken at North-seas, or at Isleland.

3. An act for charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1714, and for the encouragement of the distilling brandy from malted corn and cyder; and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, and lottery-tickets, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England, and others, to lend money upon South-Sea stock.

4. An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in her Majesty's service, and for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters.

5. An act for taking away the new additional duty of 30l. per cent, ad valorem, imposed upon all books and prints imported into Great Britain, by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of her present majesty Queen Anne.

6. An act for taking away mortuaries within the dioceses of Bangor, Landaff, St. Davids and St. Asaph, and giving a recompence therefore to the bishops of the said respective dioceses; and for confirming several letters patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a prebend of Gloucester to the mastership of Pembroke college in Oxford; and a prebend of Rochester to the provostship of Oriel college in Oxford; and a prebend of Norwich to the mastership of Catharine-Hall in Cambridge.

7. An act to prevent the growth of schism, and for the further security of the churches of England and Ireland, as by law established.

8. An act for encouraging the tobacco-trade.

9. An act for laying additional duties on soap and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, callicoes and stuffs, and upon starch and exported coals, and upon stamp'd vellum, parchment and paper, and for raising 1,400,000l. by way of a lottery for her Majesty's supply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, sheep-skins, and lamb-skins; and for distribution of 4000l. due to the officers and seamen for gun-money; and to adjust the property of tickets in former lotteries; and touching certain shares of stock in the capital of the South-Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majesty.

10. An act for raising the militia for the year 1714, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for rectifying a mistake in an act passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for the regulating the forces to be continued in her Majesty's service, and for payment of the said forces and their porters.

11. An act to prevent the listing her Majesty's subjects to serve as soldiers, without her Majesty's licence.

12. An act for the better maintenance of the curates within the church of England, and for preventing any ecclesiastical persons from buying the next avoidance of any church-preferment.

13. An act to discharge and acquit the commissioners of equivalent for the sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen shillings ten pence halfpenny, by them duly issued out of the sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty five pounds ten shillings, which they received.

14. An act for rendring more effectual an act made in the third year of the reign of King James I. intituled, An act to prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popish recusants; and also one other act made in the first year of the reign of their late majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act to vest in the two universities the presentations of benefices belonging to papists; and for vesting in the lords of judiciary power to inflict the same punishments against jesuits, priests, and other trafficking papists, which the privy council of Scotland was impowered to do by an act passed in the parliament of Scotland, intituled, An act for preventing the growth of Popery.

15. An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea.

16. An act to reduce the rate of interest, without any prejudice to parliamentary securities.

17. An act for the speedy and effectual preserving the navigation of the river of Thames, by stopping the breach in the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county of Essex; and for ascertaining the coal-measure.

18. An act for the preserving all ships and goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on shore, or stranded upon the coasts of this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's dominions.

19. An act to explain a clause in an act of parliament of the tenth year of her Majesty's reign, for laying several duties upon all soap and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped linens imported; and upon certain silks, callicoes, linens and stuffs, printed, painted or stained; and upon several kinds of stampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed pamphlets and advertisements, for raising the sum of 1,800,000l. by way of a lottery, and for other purposes in the said act mentioned; so far as the said act relates to lawns, canvas, buckrams, barras, and Silesia neckcloths.

20. An act to explain and make more effectual an act passed in the tenth year of her Majesty's reign, for preventing abuses in making linen cloth, and regulating the lengths and breadths, and equal sorting of yarn in each piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the same.

21. An act to explain part of an act made in the seventh year of her Majesty's reign, (for enlarging the capital stock of the bank of England, and for raising a further supply to her Majesty, for the service of the year 1709) so far as the same relates to unwrought incle, imported into this kingdom.

22. An act to continue an act of the sixth year of her Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to enable her Majesty to make leases and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of her dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

23. An act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues vagabonds, and sturdy beggars and vagrants, sending them whither they ought to be sent.

