Public Acts passed in 1715-6, 1 George 1, Sess. 2, c.1 - c.57.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 13.
---

1. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty; to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1715.

2. An act for charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1715 and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, and lottery-tickets, lost, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lotteries, and for making forth new orders in lieu of certain lottery-orders obliterated or defective; and for continuing certain duties on hops, until the first day of August 1715.

3. An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in his Majesty's service, and for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters.

4. An act to explain the act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the Subject.

5. An act for preventing tumults and riotous assemblies, and for the more speedy and effectual punishing rioters.

6. An act for making perpetual an act of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the third, intituled, An act that the solemn affirmation and declaration of the people called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an oath in the usual form; and for explaining and enforcing the said act in relation to the payment of tithes and church rates; and for appointing the form of an affirmation to be taken by the said people called Quakers, instead of the oath of abjuration.

7. An act for continuing the imprisonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid conspiracy to assassinate the person of his late sacred majesty King William the Third.

8. An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

9. An act for the better preventing mutiny and desertion, by enforcing and making more effectual an act of this present parliament, intituled, An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in his Majesty's service, and for the payment of the said forces and their quarters.

10. An act for making more effectual her late Majesty's gracious intentions for augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy.

11. An act to restrain all waggoners, carriers, and others, from drawing any carriage with more than five horses in length.

12. An act for enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England, relating to Exchequer-bills; and for settling an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum upon his Majesty during his life, for the service of the civil government; and for establishing a certain fund of fifty four thousand six hundred pounds per annum, in order to raise a sum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the service of the publick, by sale of annuities, after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for satisfying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim, incurred whilst that building was carried on at the expence of her late majesty Queen Anne of blessed memory; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

12. An act for the further security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of the

crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being protestants; and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and secret abettors.

14. An act for making the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, more useful; and for obliging an annual account to be made of trophy money.

15. An act to make an act of the tenth year of her late Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating, improving and encouraging of the woollen manufacture of mixt or medly broad cloth, and for better payment of the poor employed therein, more effectual for the benefit of trade in general; and also to render more effectual an act of the seventh year of her said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better ascertaining the lengths and breadths of woollen cloth made in the county of York.

16. An act for the attainder of Henry viscount Bolingbroke of high treason, unless he shall render himself to justice by a day certain therein mentioned.

17. An act for the attainder of James duke of Ormond of high treason, unless he shall render himself to justice by a day certain therein mentioned.

18. An act for the better preventing fresh fish taken by foreigners being imported into this kingdom; and for the preservation of the fry of fish; and for the giving leave to import lobsters and turbets in foreign bottoms; and for the better preservation of salmon within several rivers in that part of this kingdom called England.

19. An act for raising nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for publick services, by sale of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and to authorize a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the proprietors of the sugar-houses in Scotland.

20. An act for encouraging all superiors, vassals, landlords and tenants in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their duty and loyalty to his majesty King George; and for discouraging all superiors, vassals, landlords and tenants there, who have been or shall be guilty of rebellious practices against his said Majesty; and for making void all fraudulent entails, tailzies and conveyances made there, for barring or excluding the effect of forfeitures that may have been, or shall be incurred there on any such account; as also for calling any suspected person or persons, whose estates or principal residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find bail for their good behaviour; and for the better disarming disaffected persons in Scotland.

21. An act for enlarging the capital stock and yearly fund of the South-Sea Company, and for supplying thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four shillings and eight pence, to publick uses; and for raising one hundred and sixty-nine thousand pounds for the like uses, by sale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several supplies granted to his Majesty.

22. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of her Royal Highness the Princess, in case she shall survive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

23. An act for making Provision for the Ministers of the fifty new Churches, which are to be built in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finishing the Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the said City of London.

24. An act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine and state the Debts due to the Army.

25. An act to prevent Disturbances by Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; and also for explaining an Act for the better preventing the Imbezilment of his Majesty's Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds and Abuses in paying Seamens Wages; and reviving and continuing an Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

26. An act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to Coals, Hemp and Flax, Irish and Scotch Linen, and the Assize of Bread; and for giving Power to adjourn the Quarter-Sessions for the County of Anglesea, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act for taking and stating the Debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of Equivalent in the Terms of the Union; and for Relief of the Creditors of the Publick in Scotland, and the Commissioners of the Equivalent.

28. An act for repealing an Act, intituled, An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule-Vacance.

29. An act for allowing a Time for two hundred and thirteen Families of Protestant Palatines, now settled in Ireland, to take the Oaths, in order to intitle them to all the Benefits intended them by the Act of the seventh Year of her late Majesty's Reign, for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

30. An act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

31. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1716.

32. An act to attaint John Earl of Marr, William Murray, Esq; commonly called Marquiss of Tullibardine, James Earl of Linlithgow, and James Drummond, Esq; commonly called Lord Drummond, of High Treason.

33. An act for the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as have levied or shall levy War against his Majesty.

34. An act for preventing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

35. An act to appoint a Commissioner for taking, examining and stating the Debts due to the Army, in the Room of Thomas Smith, Esq; deceased; and for continuing the former Act until the tenth Day of March 1716.

36. An act for charging and continuing the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1716. and for compelling several Receivers to finish and clear their Accounts; and for making Duplicates of Exchequer- Bills, Lottery-Tickets and Orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed; and for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims to certain Benefit Tickets; and for allowing the Charge of executing the Lottery Act, for the Service of the Year 1710; and for recovering Monies of several Land-Taxes, resting in the Hands of Collectors or Constables at St. Albans; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Sope; and for limiting a Time for Persons who have certain Annuities for Life or Lives, to demand the Payments thereupon at the Exchequer; and for preventing Frauds in the Duties relating to printed and painted Paper, Callicoes and other Things therein mentioned.

37. An act to enable his Majesty to grant the Regalities and Lands now remaining in the Crown in North Wales, and South Wales, and County of Chester, to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, in such Manner and Form as the Principality of Wales and Earldom of Chester have formerly been granted to the Princes of Wales; and also to enable his said Royal Highness to make Leases of Lands, Parcel of his Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

38. An act for enlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and calling of Parliaments.

39. An act to indemnify such Persons, who have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, in and about the Time of the late unnatural Rebellion, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

40. An act for the free Importation of Cochineal, during the Time therein limited.

41. An act for giving Liberty to Persons, who have served their Apprenticeships to any Part of the Woollen Manufacture in Colchester, to work at their said Trades, and at the making Bays within the said Town.

42. An act for the Attainder of George Earl of Marischall, William Earl of Seaforth, James Earl of Southesque, James Earl of Panmuir, and others, of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves to Justice by a Day certain therein mentioned.

43. An act to continue Duties for encouraging the Coinage of Money, and to charge the Duties on Senna as a medicinal Drug; and for the appropriating several Supplies granted to his Majesty.

44. An act for the continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth of a Penny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City.

45. An act for holding the Assise for the County of Cornwall, at a convenient Place within the said County.

46. An act to prevent the Mischiefs by manufacturing Leaves or other Things to resemble Tobacco, and the Abuses in making and mixing of Snuff.

47. An act for the more effectual and exemplary Punishment of such Persons as shall seduce Soldiers to desert, or who, being Papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty's Service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey.

48. An act to encourage the Planting of Timber-Trees, Fruit-Trees and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter or Profit, and for the better Preservation of the same; and for the preventing the Burning of Woods.

49. An act to revive and continue an Act of the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, for Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East-Riding of the County of York.

50. An act for appointing Commissioners to esquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and of Popish Recusants, and of Estates given to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out of them severally for the Use of the Publick.

51. An act for repealing so much of the Act of the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the farther Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subjects, as enacts, That no Person, who should come to the Possession of the Crown, shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament.

52. An act for making the Laws for repairing the Highways more effectual.

53. An act for the Attainder of Thomas Forster junior, Esq; and William Mackintosh, Esq; (commonly called Brigadier Mackintosh) of High Treason.

54. An act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland.

55. An act to oblige Papists to register their Names and real Estates.

56. An act to disable any Person from being chose a Member of, or from sitting and voting in the House of Commons, who has any Pension for any Number of Years from the Crown.

57. An act for better regulating Hackney-Coaches, Carts, Drays, Carrs and Waggons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for preventing Mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon such Carts, Drays, Cans and Waggons.

