Acts passed in 1717, 4 George 1 c.1 - c.14.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 13.
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1718.

2. To enable his Majesty to be governor of the South-Sea company.

3. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1718; and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, and lottery-tickets and orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

4. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters.

5. For finishing the tower of the parish church of St. Michael Cornhill, London, out of the duties arising pursuant to the act of the ninth year of the late Queen, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and the suburbs thereof.

6. For relief of the wholesale traders and dealers in English bone-lace, by obviating several doubts in the several acts for iicensing hawkers and pedlars.

7. For making more effectual an act made in the eighth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An act for employing the manufacturers by encouraging the consumption of raw silk and Mohair yarn.

8. For vesting the forfeited estates in Great Britain and Ireland, in trustees, to be sold for the use of the public; and for giving relief to lawful creditors, by determining the claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the rents and profits of the said estates, till sold.

9. To appoint commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the debts due to the army, and to examine and state the demands of several foreign princes and states for subsidies during the late war.

10. For making the dividend of subscribed lottery annuities, and other annuities established by several acts of parliament, payable half-yearly at the bank of England.

11. For the further preventing robbery, burglary and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law upon some points relating to pirates.

12. For inforcing and making perpetual an act, of the twelfth year of her late Majesty, intituled, An act for the preserving of all such ships and goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on shore, or stranded upon the coast of this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's dominions; and for inflicting the punishment of death on such as shall wilfully burn or destroy ships.

13. For enlarging the term of years granted by the acts of the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the Third, and second and third years of Queen Anne, for the repair of Dover harbour.

14. To impower the commissioners appointed to put in execution the act of the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty’s reign, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, to direct the parish church of St. Giles in the Fields in the county of Middlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty new churches.

