Acts passed in 1720, 7 George 1 stat.1. c.1 - c.32
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14
---

1. For restraining the sub-governor, deputy-governor, directors, treasarer or cashier, dcputy-cashier, and accountant of the South-Sea company, from going out of this kingdom for the space of one year, and until the end of the then next session of parliament; and for discovering their estates and effects; and for preventing the transporting or alienating the same.

2. To disable the present sub-governor, deputy-governor and directors of the South-Sea company, at, from and after the respective times for electing a sub-governor, deputy-governor and new diredors of the said company, to take, hold or enjoy any office, place or employment in the said company, or in the East-India company, or bank of England, and from voting upon elections in the said company.

3. For repealing an act made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An act to oblige ships coming from plates infected, more effectually to perform their quarentine; and for preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man; and to hinder the spreading of infection.

4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain,for the service of the year 1721.

5. To enable the South-Sea company to ingraft part of their capital stock and fund, into the stock and fund of the bank of England, and another part thereof into the stock and fund of the East-India company; and for giving further time for payments to be made by the said South-Sea company, to the use of the publick.

6. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. To preserve and encourage the woollen and silk manufactures of this kingdom; and for more effectual employing the poor, by prohibiting the use and wear of all printed, painted, stained or dyed callicoes in apparel, household stuff, furniture, or otherwise, after the twenty fifth day of December 1722 (except as therein is excepted).

8. For enlarging the time for making the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Berks.

9. For the better preservation of the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex.

10. For making the river Weaver navigable from Frodsham-Bridge to Winsford-Bridge in the county of Chester.

11, For finishing and adorning the new chapel, called Saint George's chapel, in Great Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, and for enlightening the streets of the said town, by a duty or imposition on coals, culm and cinders, to be landed and consumed there.

12. For employing the manufacturers, and incouraging the consumption of raw silk and mohair yarn, by prohibiting the wearing of buttons and button-holes made of cloth, serge, or other stuffs.

13. For regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of mortality.

14. For continuing the duties granted by several acts made in the sixth and tenth years of her late Majesty’s reign for repairing the harbour and key of Watchett, in the county of Somerset.

15. For making the rivers Mersy and Irwell navigable from Liverpoole to Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

16. For the better preserving and keeping in repair the piers of the town and port of Whitby in the county of York, and for explaining and making more effectual the several acts passed for lengthening and repairing the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the said county.

17. For making navigable the river Dane, from Northwich, where it joins the river Weaver, to the falling in of Wheelock-Brook; and Wheelock-Brook up to Wheelock Bridge in the county of Chester.

Cap. 18. For enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Highgate Gate-house in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Blockhouse in the county of Hertford; and for repairing the road leading from the Bear-Inn in Hadley to the sign of the Angel in Enfield chase in the said county of Middlesex.

19. For continuing an act made in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingsdown-Hill and the city of Bath; and also several highways leading to and through the said city, and for cleansing, paving and lightning the streets, and regulating the chairmen there; and for explaining and making the said act more effectual.

20. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, to raise money by way of a lottery, for the service of the year 1721, and for transferring the deficiency of a late malt-act to the land-tax for the said year; and for disposing certain overplus money to proper objects of charity; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contracts; and touching small quantities of cyder exported; and for relief of captain John Perry, concerning Dagenham Breach; and touching lost bills, tickets or orders; and concerning the duty of small pieces of plate; and to enable the undertakers for raising Thames water in York-Buildings, to sell annuities by way of a lottery; and for satisfying a debt, which was charged on the late duty on hops; and for appropriating the monies granted in this session of parliament.

21. For the further preventing his Majesty's subjects from trading to the East-Indies under foreign commissions; and for encouraging and further securing the lawful trade thereto; and for further regulating the pilots of Dover, Deal and the isle of Thanet.

22. For enabling Charles earl of Arran to purchase the forfeited estate of JaMes Butler, late duke of Ormonde; and for granting relief to William late lord Widdrington; and for enlarging the time for determining claims upon the forfeited estates; and for enabling the commissioners for the said forfeited estates to certify into the exchequer, all such estates as they have found to be given to popish or superstitious uses.

23. For repairing the several roads leading from the town of Ledbury in the county of Hereford, to the several places therein mentioned. 

24. For repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks.

25. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale or beer that shall be brewed for sale, vended or tapped within the town of Jedburgh, and privileges thereof, for paying the publick debts of the said town, and for supplying the same with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

26. For repairing the road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the county of Middlesex.

27. For raising a sum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds, by charging annuities at the rate of five pounds per sentum per annum upon the civil list revenues, till redeemed by the crown; and for enabling his Majesty, his heirs or successors, (by causing such a deduction to be made as therein is mentioned) to make good to the civil list the payments which shall have been made upon the said annuities; and for borrowing money upon certain lottery-tickets; and for discharging the corporations for assurances of part of the money which they were obliged to pay to his Majesty; and for making good a deficiency to the East-India company.

28. For raising money upon the estates of the late sub-governor, deputy-governor, directors,cashier, deputy-cashier and accountant of the South-Sea company, and of John Aislabie esq; and likewise of James Craggs senior esq; deceased, towards making good the great loss and damage sustained by the said company; and for disabling such of the said persons as are living, to hold any office or place of trust under the crown, or to sit or vote in parliament for the future; and for other purposes in the said act expressed.

29. For the King’s most gracious, general and free pardon.

30. For appointing commissioners to examine, state, and determine the debts due to the army.

31. For explaining and making more effectual the several acts concerning bankrupts.

32. To explain and amend the act of the twelfth year of her late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for repairing the highway or road from the stones-end in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex, to the furthermost part of the northern road in the parish of Enfield in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt in the county of Hertford.

