Acts passed in 1721, 8 George 1 c.1 - c.31.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 14.
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1722.

2. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, to raise money by way of a lottery, for the service of the year 1722, and for transferring the deficiencies of a late malt-act to the land-tax for the said year, and for giving time for inserting the money given with apprentices in their indentures, and touching lost bills, tickets or orders; and for exchanging the tickets in the exchequer for certificates; and for suppressing lotteries, denominated sales, and other private lotteries; and for enlarging the time for the accountant general of the bank of England, to return duplicates of annuities into the exchequer.

3. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

4. For taking off the duty upon all salt used in the curing of red herrings and laying a proportionable duty upon all red herrings consumed at home only; and for ascertaining the customs and excise payable for the sugar-houses in Scotland; and for making an allowance for salt lost in any harbour or river of this realm; and for the better securing the duties on salt delivered in Scotland.

5. To explain and amend the act passed in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the highway from several places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate-House and Hampstead; in the county of Middlesex.

6. For granting the people called Quakers, such forms of affirmation or declaration, as may remove the difficulties which many of them lie under.

7. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale or beer that shall be brewed for sale, vended, or tapped within the town of Elgine, and privileges thereof, for paying the publick debts of the said town, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

8. To enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit commerce (for the space of one year) with any country that is or shall be infected with the plague; and for shortning the continuance of an act passed in the seventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repealing an act made in the ninth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act to oblige ships coming from places infected, more effectually to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, and to hinder the spreading of infection.

9. For continuing an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the highway between a certain place called Kilburn-Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, and Sparrows-Herne in the county of Hertford; and for making the said act more effectual.

10. For repealing such clauses in the act passed in the seventh year of his Majesty's reign (relating to quarantine and the plague) as give power to remove persons from their habitations, or to make lines about places infected.

11. For restoring and rebuilding the haven and piers of Bridport, in the county of Dorset; and for making a sluice there.

12. Giving further encouragement for the importation of naval stores; ond for other purposes therein mentioned.

13. For the amending the highways leading from Brampton-Bridge, near Church-Brampton, in the county of Northampton, through the parish of Thornby, to a bridge called Welford-Bridge, in the parish of Welford in the said county; and also the great post-road from a place called Morter-Pit-Hill, in the parish of Pisford in the said county, through the towns and parishes of Brixworth, Lamport, Maidwell, Kelmarsh, and Oxenden Magna, to a bridge called Chain-Bridge, leading into Market-Harborough in the county of Leicester.

14. For making the river Eden navigable to Bank-End in the county of Cumberland.

15. For encouragement of the silk manufactures of this kingdom; and for taking off several duties on merchandises exported; and for reducing the duties upon beaver skins, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutmegs imported; and for the importation of all furs of the product of the British plantations, into this kingdom only; and that the two corporations of assurance, on any suits brought on their policies, shall be liable only to single damages and costs of suit.

16. For taking off the duty upon all salt used in the curing and making of white herrings, and instead thereof laying a proportionable duty upon all white herrings consumed at home only; and for making an allowance for tobacco exported from Scotland, in the time therein mentioned; and for giving farther relief to the refiners of rock-salt.

17. For more equal paying and better collecting certain small sums therein mentioned, for relief of ship-wrecked mariners, and distressed persons (his Majesty's subjects) in the kingdom of Portugal; and for other pious and charitable purposes usually contributed to by the merchants trading to Portugal.

18. To prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; and to prevent ships breaking their quarentine; and to subject copper ore, of the production of the British plantations, to such regulations, as other enumerated commodities of the like production are subject.

19. For the better recovery of the penalties inflicted upon persons who destroy the game.

20. For paying off and cancelling one million of exchequer-bills, and to give ease to the South-Sea company, in respect of its present obligation to circulate or contribute towards circulating exchequer-bills; and to give further time to that company for repayment of one million, which was lent to them; and for issuing a further sum in new exchequer-bills, towards his Majesty's supply, to be discharged and cancelled, when the said company shall repay the million, owing by them; and that the exchequer-bills, which are to continue, may be circulated at easy and moderate rates; and for appropriating the supplies granted to his Majesty in this session of parliament; and for relief of the sufferers at Nevis and Saint Christophers, by an invasion of the French in the late war, and for laying a further duty on apples imported; and for ascertaining the duties on pictures imported.

21. To enable the South-Sea company to dispose of the effects in their hands by way of lottery or subscription, or to sell part of their fund or annuity payable at the exchequer, in order to pay the debts of the said company; and for relief of such, who were intended to have the benefit of a late act touching payment of ten per centum therein mentioned.

22. To prevent the mischiefs by forging powers to transfer such stocks, or to receive such annuities or dividends as are therein mentioned, or by fraudulently personating the true owners thereof; and to rectify the mistakes of the late managers for taking subscriptions for increasing the capital stock of the South-Sea company, and in the instruments founded thereupon.

23. For prolonging the times for hearing and determining claims before the trustees, in whom the estates of the late South-Sea directors, and of John Aislabie esq; and likewise of James Craggs esq; deceased, are vested; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

24. For the more effectual suppressing of piracy.

25. For supplying some defects in the statute of the twenty third of King Henry the eighth, intituled, An act for obligations to be taken by two chief justices, the mayor of the staple, and the recorder of London; and for setting down the time of signing judgments in the principality of Wales, and counties palatine.

26. For better supplying the city and liberties of Westminster, and parts adjacent, with water.

27. For the better preventing abuses committed in weighing and packing of butter in the city of York.

28. For supplying the records of the commissary court of Aberdeen, burnt or lost in the late fire there.

29. For preventing delays in the execution of the trust reposed in the governors of the hospital of King James, founded in the Charter-House, at the charges of Thomas Sutton esq; for the benefit of the said hospital.

30. For repairing the highways from the stones-end at Whitechapel church, in the county of Middlesex, to Sheffield, and to the furthermost part of the parish of Woodford, leading to the town of Epping in the county of Essex.

31. To vest the ground, wharf and key, called Wool-Key, in the parish of All Saints Barking, in the city of London, with the buildings and warehouses thereupon, in trustees for his Majesty, his heirs and successors for ever, subject to an agreement made on his Majesty's behalf, with the wardens and assistants of the free-school in Sevenoake, in the county of Kent.

