Acts passed in 1722, 9 George 1 c.1 - c.32
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15
---

1. To empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons, as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1723.

3. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, and perry, to raise money by way of a lottery, for the service of the year 1723.

4. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters. 

5. For redeeming certain annuities, now payable by the cashier of the bank of England at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

6. For reviving and adding two millions to the capital stock of the South-sea company, and for reviving a proportional part of the yearly fund payable at the exchequer, and for dividing their whole capital (after such division made) into two equal parts or moieties, and for converting one of the said moieties into certain annuities, for the benefit of the members, and for settling the remaining moiety in the said company; and for continuing for one year longer the provision formerly made against requiring special bail in actions or suits upon such contracts, as are therein mentioned.

7. For amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor. 

8. For continuing some laws, and reviving others therein mentioned, for exempting apothecaries from serving parish and ward offices, and upon juries, and relating to jurors; and to the payment of seamens wages, and the preservation of naval stores, and stores of war; and concerning the militia, and trophy money; and against clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and for more effectual preventing frauds relating to the customs, and frauds in mixing silk with stuffs to be exported.

9. For the better qualifying the manufacturers of stuffs and yarn in the city of Norwich, and liberties thereof, to bear offices of magistracy in the said city, and for regulating elections of such officers.

10. For clearing, depthning, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth, and for depthning and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves at the said town; and also for preserving ships, wintering in the said haven, from accidents by fire.

11. For repairing and widening the road leading from the Black Bull in Dunstable in the county of Bedford, to the way turning out of the said road up to Shafford house in the county of Hertford.

12. For the more easy assigning or transferring certain redeemable annuities, payable at the exchequer, by endorsements on the standing orders for the same.

13. For the enlarging the term granted by an act, passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing the highways, between the house commonly called the Horshoe house, in the parish of Stoke Goldington, in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton; and for repairing the road from the north bridge of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to the said Horshoe house.

14. For enlarging the term granted by an act made in the third year of his Majesty’s reign (for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer sold in the city of Edinburgh for the purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing payment of the Petty Port Customs there) and for making the said act more effectual.

15. To inflict pains and penalties on John Plunket.

16. To inflict pains and penalties on George Kelly alias Johnson.

17. To inflict pains and penalties on Francis lord bishop of Rochester.

18. For granting an aid to his Majesty by laying a tax upon papists, and for making such other persons, as upon due summons shall refuse or neglect to take the oaths therein mentioned, to contribute towards the said tax, for reimbursing to the public part of the great expenses occasioned by the late conspiracies; and for discharging the estates of papists from the two third parts of the rents and profits thereof for one year, and all arrears of the same, and from such forfeitures as are therein more particularly described.

19. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of moneys; and for relief of William late lord Widdrington; and to prevent foreign lotteries being carried on in this kingdom and for ascertaining the duties on bound books imported; and for issuing certificates and debentures for arrears due to five regiments, to be satisfied by annuities therein mentioned; and for discharging the duties of rock salt lost oh the rivers Weaver and Mercy; and for limiting the times of continuance of commissioners for forfeited estates in England and Scotland respectively; and for appropriating the supplies granted to his Majesty in this session of parliament, and to rectify misnomer and omissions of commissioners for the land tax in the year 1723.

20. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling upon every Scot pint of ale and beer brewed and sold within the town of Linlithgow, and liberties thereof, in the county of West Lothian for paying the debts of the said town, and other purposes therein mentioned. 

21. For enabling his Majesty to put the customs of Great Britain under the management of one or more commissions, and for better securing and ascertaining the duties on tobacco, and to prevent frauds in exporting tobacco, and other goods and merchandizes, or carrying the same coastwise.

22. For the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty’s subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice.

23. For further enlarging the times for entring, hearing, and determining claims on the estates vested in the trustees of the South-sea company, and for obliging persons to claim stock by the time therein mentioned for money subscriptions, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

24. To oblige all persons, being papists, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and all persons in Great Britain refusing or neglecting to take the oaths appointed for the security of his Majesty’s person and government, by several acts herein mentioned, to register their names and real estates.

25. For making more effectual an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for applying the records of the commissary court of Aberdeen burnt or lost in the late fire there.

26. To prevent his Majesty's subjects from subscribing or being concerned in encouraging or promoting any subscription for an East India company in the Austrian Netherlands and for the better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty’s subjects to and from the East Indies.

27. For preventing journeymen shoemakers selling, exchanging, or pawning boots, shoes, slippers, cut leather, or other materials for making boots, shoes, or slippers, and for better regulating the said journeymen.

28. For more effectual execution of justice in a pretended privileged place in the parish of St. George in the county of Surrey commonly called the Mint, and for bringing to speedy and exemplary justice such offenders as are therein mentioned; and for giving relief to such persons as are proper objects of charity and compassion there.

29. To enable lords of manors more easily to recover their fines, and to exempt infants and femes covert from forfeitures of their copyhold estates in particular cases.

30. For compleating the repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent and for restoring the harbour of Rye, in the county of Sussex, to its ancient goodness.

31. For repairing the highway from the city of Gloucester, to the top of Birdlip Hill, (being the road to London) and from the foot of the said hill to the top of Crickley Hill, (being the road to Oxford) and to oblige those concerned in the receipt or payment of any moneys, by virtue of an act of the ninth and tenth years of his late Majesty King William, touching the repairing the said highways, to account for the same to the trustees appointed by this act.

32. For confirming articles of agreement between the principal officers of the ordnance, and Thomas Missing, esq; for exchange of some lands at Portsmouth, for the service of his Majesty.

