Acts passed in 1724, 11 George 1 c.1 - c.30
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1725.

2. For indemnifying the masters in chancery, upon their discovering what consideration, price or gratuity they paid or agreed to pay for the purchase of, or tor their admission to, their respective offices.

3. To enable the pier wardens of the town of Margate in the county of Kent, more effectually to recover the ancient and accustomary droits, for the support and maintenance of the said pier.

4. For preventing the inconveniencies arising for want of elections of mayors, or other chief magistrates of boroughs or corporations being made upon the days appointed by charter or usage for that purpose, and directing in what manner such elections shall be afterwards made.

5. For enlarging the term granted by an act made in the tenth year of her late majesty’s reign, for amending and maintaining the road between North fleet, Gravesend and Rochester in the county of Kent; and for explaining the same act, and for appropriating part of the money arising thereby towards repairing the road between the town of Chatham and Boughton under the Blean in the said county of Kent.

6. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters.

7. For rating such unrated goods and merchandizes as are usually imported into this kingdom, and pay duty ad valorem, upon the oath of the importer; and for ascertaining the value of all goods and merchandizes not inserted in the former or present book of rates; and for repealing certain duties upon drugs and rags; and for continuing the duty upon apples; and for ascertaining the method of admeasuring pictures imported.

8. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1725. and for transferring the deficiency of a late malt act to this act; and for explaining a late act in relation to stamp duties on news papers; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for disposing certain overplus money to proper objects of charity; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further time to clerks and apprentices, to pay duties omitted to be paid for their indentures and contrasts.

9. For continuing the several annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, and one hundred thousand pounds to the bank of England until Midsummer 1727. and from thence, for reducing the same to seventy one thousand and one pounds two shillings and threepence three farthings, and eighty thousand pounds, redeemable by parliament; and for preventing the uttering of forged, counterfeited or erased bank bills or notes.

10. To enable the justices of the peace for the east riding of the county of York, to take down the county bridge called Stanford Bridge, and to build a stone bridge at a more convenient place over tne river Darwent in the said riding instead thereof.

11. For repairing the roads therein mentioned, from the parish of Enfield in the county of Middlesex to the town of Hertford, and to the great bridge in Ware in the county of Hertford.

12. For incorporating the executors of the last will and testament of Thomas Guy, late of the city of London, esq; deceased, and others, in order to the better management and disposition of the charities given by his said last will.

13. For repairing and widening the road from Sherbrook hill near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith in the county of Derby, to Manchester in the county of Lancaster.

14. For repairing part of the road from London to Cambridge beginning at the end of the parish of Foulmire in the said county, next to Barley in the county of Hertford, and ending at the pavement in Trumpington street in the town of Cambridge.

15. For enlarging the term granted by an act made in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled. An act for repairing and amending the highways leading from Seven Oaks to Woods Gate and Tunbridge Wells in the county of Kent; and for explaining and making more effectual the same act; and for amending (out of the tolls and duties arising by the said act, and this present act) the highways leading from Woods Gate aforesaid, to Kippings cross in the parish of Brenchley in the said county of Kent.

16. For rebuilding the pier and harbour of Parton in the county of Cumberland.

17. For redeeming the annuities of twenty-five thousand pounds per annum, charged on the civil list revenues, by an act of the seventh year of his Majesty’s reign; and for discharging the debts and arrears due from his Majesty to his servants, tradesmen, and others.

18. For regulating elections within the city of London, and for preserving the peace, good order and government of the said city.

19. For making more effectual an act passed in the parliament holden in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, entitled, An act for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable.

20. For repairing and amending the road from Biggleswade in the county of Bedford to Bugden, and through Alconberry to the top of Alconberry hill, or cross post leading into Sautery lane on the York and Edinburgh road, and from the said town of Bugden to the town of Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall in Eaton Sokon in the said county of Bedford to Great Stoughton Common in the said county of Huntingdon.

21. For the relief of insolvent debtors.

22. To prevent violences and outrages being committed by any persons, under pretence of sheltering themselves from debt, or any process of law, within the hamlet of Wapping stepney, or elsewhere, within the weekly bills of mortality.

23. For making more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, entitled, An act for preventing the the mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Westminster, or the suburbs thereof.

24. For the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the west riding of the county of York.

25. For enlarging the term granted by an act passed in year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick, and for making the same more effectual.

26. For more effectual disarming the highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for the better securing the peace and quiet of that part of the kingdom.

27. For enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing the highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and between the top of Ashlington Hill and Rowdford in the county of Wilts; and for explaining the said act, and making the same more effectual and extensive.

28. For the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mischiefs that may happen by fire within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

29. To continue several acts therein mentioned for preventing frauds committed by bankrupts; for encouraging the silk manufactures of this kingdom; for preventing the clandestine running of goods; for making copper ore of the British plantations an enumerated commodity; and for explaining and amending a late act for more effectual punishment of such, as shall wilfully burn or destroy ships.

30. For more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues; for preventing frauds in the salt duties, and for giving relief for salt used in the curing of salmon and codfish, in the year 1719. exported from that part of Great Britain Called Scotland; for enabling the insurance companies to plead the general issue in actions brought against them; and for securing the the stamp duties upon policies of insurance.

