Acts passed in 1725, 12 George 1 c.1 - c.39.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 15.
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1726.

2. For granting to his Majesty the sum of one million, to be raised by way of a lottery.

3. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

4. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year 1726. and for the more effectual preventing frauds and abuses in the Shipping of malt for exportation to foreign parts; and for ascertaining the price of ale to be sold in Scotland; and for making good the deficiency on the lottery-tickets of the year 1724. and for making forth duplicates of exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

5. For repairing the road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the county of Leicester.

6. For repairing the roads leading from Birmingham through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham through Stratford upon Avon, to Edghill in the county of Warwick.

7. For enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better amendment of that way which leads from Cherril through Calne to Studley Bridge in the county of Wilts, and for making the said act more effectual; and for extending the road so to be amended, from Cherril to the Three Miles Borough at the top of Cherril hill.

8. For repairing the highways from Speenhamland, adjoining to Newbury in the county of Berks, to Marlborough in the county of Wilts.

9. For repairing the roads therein mentioned, between Crackley-Bank in the parish of Idsal, alias Shiffnall, and the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

10. For repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill; and from Welwyn through Codicot, through Hitchin in the said county: and for enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Stevenage in the said county, to Biggleswade in the county of Bedford.

11. For repairing and widening the road from Horsley Uprightgate, leading down Bowden-Hill, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingsdown-Hill, in the parish of Box, in the said county.

12. For granting an aid to his Majesty, by laying a duty upon all victuallers and retailers of beer and ale within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality, and for prohibiting their sending beer or ale out of their houses to distant places, in any pots or vessels less than a gallon; and also for adding one hundred additional hackney chairs to those already licensed; and for applying certain arrears of former land-taxes toward the supply granted to his Majesty for the service of the year 1726. and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

13. For repairing and widening the roads from the city of Gloucester to the city of Hereford.

14. For repairing several roads therein mentioned, leading into the city of Worcester.

15. For repairing the walls, gates, and other publick works in the city of Norwich, and several bridges in and near the said city, and for amending the roads therein mentioned.

16. For repairing the road from Spittlegate-Hill, near Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton in the county of Nottingham.

17. For enlarging the term granted by an act made in the full year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing and amending the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex; and for making the said act more effectual.

18. For repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester.

19. For enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing the highways from Sheet-Bridge in the parish of Petersfield, to the town of Portsmouth, in the county of Southampton; and for making the said act more effectual.

20. For enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing the highway or road from the city of Worcester to the borough of Droitwich, in the county of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual; and for repairing other roads therein mentioned, in the said county of Worcester.

21. For repairing and enlarging the road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

22. To continue two acts of parliament for repairing the highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherset, in the county of Norfolk ; the one passed in the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, and the other in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne; and for repairing the road from the mouth of Wigmore-Lane to Hall-Walk-Gate in Atttleborough, in the said county.

23. For repairing the roads leading from the western part of the parish of Shenfield to Harwich in the county of Essex; and the road leading from Chelmsford in the said county, to Sudbury in the county of Suffolk and from Margretting to Malden in the county of Essex; and from Colchester to Langham in the said county.

24. For repairing the road from the city of Gloucester to Stone, and also the roads to and near Berkley, Dursley, Wotton under Edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, in the county of Gloucester.

25. To enable the present and future inhabitants of the east, north, and west sides or lines of St. James's Square, to make a rate on themselves for raising money sufficient to clean, adorn, and beautify the said square, and to continue the same in repair.

26. For repealing the duty laid upon snuff, by an act made in the eighth year of her late Majesty’s reign, and for ascertaining the rates according to which the remaining duties are to be paid, and for giving further encouragement to the Greenland fishery.

27. For vesting in his Majesty an imposition of two pennies Scots, upon ale and beer brewed and sold in the city of Glasgow, and privileges thereof, for satisfying the damages and losses which Daniel Campbell esq; lately suffered in a riot there.

28. For the improvement of his Majesty’s revenues of customs, excise, and inland duties.

29. To prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests.

30. For continuing an act made in the ninth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violence to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice.

31. For the better regulating trials by Nisi prius in the county of Middlesex.

32. For better securing the monies and effects of the suitors of the court of chancery; and to prevent the counterfeiting of East India bonds, and indorsements thereon; as likewise indorsements on South-Sea bonds.

33. For the relief of the suitors of the high court of chancery.

35. To prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages.

35. To prevent abuses in the making of bricks and tiles, and to ascertain the dimensions thereof, and to prevent all unlawful combinations amongst any brickmakers or tilemakers within fifteen miles of the city of London, in order to advance or enhance the price of bricks or tiles.

36. For building a bridge cross the river of Thames, from the town of Fulham in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Putney in the county of Surrey.

37. For repairing the roads in the parishes of Kensington, Chelsea and Fulham, and other parishes therein mentioned, in the county of Middlesex.

38. For making the river Dun, in the west-riding of the county of York, navigable, from Holmstile in Doncaster, up to the utmost extent of Tinsley, westward, a township within two miles of Sheffield.

39. For making provision for the rector of St. Mary le Strand, in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

