Acts passed in 1732, 5 George 2 c.1 - c.33
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 16
---

1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the  service of the year 1732.

2. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. To encourage and compel George Robinson esq; and John Thomson to appear, and produce the books, and discover the effects of the Charitable Corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges at legal interest; and to be examined thereupon at the times and places therein mentioned.

4. For rebuilding the parish church of Woolwich in the county of Kent, as one of the fifty new churches directed to be built by two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth, and the other in the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain for the  service of the year 1732.

6. For reviving the duties on salt for the term therein mentioned.

7. For the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty’s plantations and colonies in America.

8. For providing a recompence to Sir Thomas Lombe, for discovering and introducing the arts of making and working the three capital Italian engines for making organzine silk, and for preserving the invention for the benefit of this kingdom.

9. To explain an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for importing from his Majesty's plantations in America, directly into Ireland, goods not enumerated in any act of parliament, so far as the said act relates to the importation of foreign hops into Ireland.

10. For repairing and amending the road leading from the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, through the town of Ashton under Line, and the parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook in the county palatine of Chester.

11. To enlarge the pier and harbour of Scarborough in the county of York.

12. For amending and making more effectual an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional act for the improvement of tillage.

13. For enlarging the term granted by an act made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rebuilding the pier and harbour of Parton, in the county of Cumberland.

14. For the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Tiverton in the county of Devon, and for determining differences touching houses and buildings burnt down and demolished by reason of the late dreadful fire there, and for the better preventing dangers from fire for the future.

15. For rendring more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for improving the navigation of the river Ouze in the county of York.

16. For the better and more easy rebuilding of the town of Blandford Forum in the county of Dorset, and for determining differences touching houses and buildings burnt down or demolished by reason of the late dreadful fire there.

17. For the further application of the sinking fund, by paying off one million of South-Sea stock; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

18. For the further qualification of justices of the peace.

19. To oblige the justices of the peace at their general or quarter sessions to determine appeals made to them according to the merits of the case, notwithstanding defects of form in the original proceedings; and to oblige persons suing forth writs of Certiorari to remove orders made on such appeals into his  Majesty’s court of King's bench, to give security to prosecute the same with effect.

20. For the better regulation and government of pilots licensed by the corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond in the county of Kent, and to prevent mischiefs and annoyances upon the river of Thames below London Bridge.

21. An additional act for the encouragement of the woollen manufacture of this kingdom, by the more effectual preventing the unlawful exportation of the woollen manufactures of the kingdom of Ireland to foreign parts.

22. To prevent the exportation of hats out of any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America, and to restrain the number of apprentices taken by the hatmakers in the said colonies or plantations, and for the better encouraging the making hats in Great Britain.

23. For making void the several contracts for sale of the estate of James late earl of Derwentwater, to William Smith esq; and also of the annuity of two hundred pounds during the life of Charles Radcliffe, and the arrears thereof to Matthew White esq; and the several conveyances made in pursuance of the same.

24. For encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty’s plantations in America.

25. For making process in courts of equity effectual against persons who abscond, and cannot be served therewith, or who refuse to appear.

26. For the effectual repairing the highways between Dunstable and Hockcliffe in the county of Bedford, by enlarging the term and powers granted by two former acts, one of the ninth, and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

27. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act to prevent frivolous and vexatious arrests.

28. For encouraging the Greenland fishery.

29. For reviving an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty's subjects to and from the East-Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's subjects trading thither under foreign commissions.

30. To prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

31. For appointing commissioners for taking, stating and determining all the claims and demands of the creditors of The charitable corporation for relief of industrious poor, by assisting them with small sums upon pledges at legal interest; and of all persons claiming any share or interest in the stock or fund of the said corporation, and for enabling the said corporation to name one person to be an assignee under the respective commissions of bankruptcy awarded against George Robinson and John Thomson; and for enabling the commissioners acting under the said commissions of bankruptcy to proceed and enquire of the estates, goods, and effects of the said bankrupts, and to apply the same; and to oblige John Thomson, father of the said John Thomson the bankrupt, to appear before the said commissioners of bankruptcy in England.

32. To restrain Sir Robert Sutton knight of the bath, Sir Archibald Grant baronet, Denis Bond, William Boroughs, esquires, Richard Wooley, and Thomas Warren, from going out of this kingdom for the space of one year, and until the end of the then next session of parliament; and for discovering their estates and effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the same; and to oblige William Squire to surrender himself at a time and place mentioned in the act, and to give security for his not going out of this kingdom for the space of one year, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and for discovering his estate and effects, and to prevent the transporting or alienating the same; and for committing the aforesaid William Burroughs to the prison of the Fleet, until he shall have complied with the directions of this act.

33. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable.
