Public Acts passed in 1736, 9 George 2 c.1 - c.39.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty six.

2. An act to punish mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty six.

4. An act to amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act to preserve and encourage the woollen and silk manufactures of this kingdom, and for more effectual employing the poor, by prohibiting the use and wear of all printed, painted, stained, or dyed callicoes in apparel, houshold stuff, furniture, or otherwise, after the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and twenty two (except as is therein excepted) so far as relates to goods made of linen yarn, and cotton wool, manufactured in Great Britain.

5. An act to repeal the statute made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act against conjuration, witchcraft and dealing with evil and wicked spirits, except so much thereof as repeals an act of the fifth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, Against conjurations, enchantments, and witchcrafts, and to repeal an act passed in the parliament of Scotland in the ninth parliament of Queen Mary, intituled, Anentis witchcrafts, and for punishing such persons as pretend to exercise or use any kind of witchcraft, sorcery, inchantment, or conjuration.

6. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to read the prayers, and make and subscribe the declarations directed to be read, made, and subscribed by the act of uniformity of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for doing thereof.

7. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and enlarging the read leading from the house called The sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned in the county of Kent.

8. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

9. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eleventh year of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing and amending the road from Biggleswade in the county of Bedford, to Bugden, and through Alconberry to the top of Alconberry Hill, or cross post, leading into Sautery Lane, on the York and Edinburgh road, and from the said town of Bugden to the town of Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall in Eaton Soken in the said county of Bedford, to Great Stoughton Common in the said county of Huntingdon.

10. An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury, to the waterside at Whitstable in the county of Kent.

11. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Beconsfield in the county Bucks, to Stoken Church in the county of Oxon.

12. An act to enable the justices of the peace, acting for the western division of the county of Kent, to purchase a convenient piece of ground for building a gaol for the said county, and for impowering the said justices to apply part of the county stock of the said division towards the same.

13. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

14. An act for repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called Mile Stone in the road leading to Magdalene Bridge in the said county.

15. An act for enabling the mayor, bailiffs, and burgesses of the borough of New Windsor in the county of Berks, to repair and maintain their great bridge over the river of Thames, and the way thereon, leading from the said borough of New Windsor to Eton in the county of Bucks.

16. An act for continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the highways from Crown Comer in the town of Reading (leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton) to Basingstoke in the said county of Southampton.

17. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parishes of Saint Margaret, and Saint John the Evangelist, within the city and liberty of Westminster.

18. An act for reviving and continuing the acts therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending a clause in an act made in the first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for making the laws for repairing the highways more effectual, relating to the appointing scavengers in cities and market towns, and the ordering the assessments for the repairing and cleansing the streets therein.

19. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the parish of Saint Anne, within the liberties of the city of Westminster.

20. An act for the better enlightning of the streets of the city of London.

21. An act for repairing the highways from Sunning Lane End next Twyford, to the Old Bear Inn in Reading in the county of Berks.

22. An act for rebuilding the parish church of Gainsburgh in the county of Lincoln.

23. An act for laying a duty upon the retailers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the retailers thereof.

24. An act for exhibiting a bill in this present parliament for naturalizing her royal highness the princess of Wales.

25. An act for more equal paying and better collecting certain small sums for relief of shipwrecked mariners, and distressed persons, his Majesty’s subjects, in the ports of Cadiz, and port Saint Mary’s in the kingdom of Spain, and for other uses, usually contributed to by the merchants trading to the said ports.

26. An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for amending so much of an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as requires persons to qualify themselves for offices before the end of the next term or quarter sessions; and also for enlarging the time limited by law for making and subscribing the declaration against transubstantiation; and for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

27. An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed, or brought into, and sold within the town of Irvine, and liberties thereof: and for laying a duty of one penny Sterling upon every ton, or ten horse loads of coals, carried to the harbour of the said town, and shipped there for transportation.

28. An act for naturalizing her royal highness the princess of Wales.

29. An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey.

30. An act to prevent the listing his Majesty's subjects to serve as soldiers without his Majesty's licence.

31. An act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth of a penny Sterling, on every pint of ale and beer, that shall be vended or sold within the city of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the villages of Gorbells and Port Glasgow, and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the said city and villages.

32. An act for continuing for the purposes therein mentioned, the additional duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, laid by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First.

33. An act to render the law more effectual for preventing the importation of fresh fish taken by foreigners, and to explain so much of an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to ships exporting fish to the ports of the Mediterranean Sea, and for the better preservation of the fry of lobsters on the coast of Scotland.

34. An act for enabling his Majesty to borrow any sum or sums of money not exceeding six hundred thousand pounds, to be charged upon the surpluses, excesses, or overplus monies, commonly called The sinking fund, redeemable by parliament, and for the further disposition of the said fund, by paying off one million of South Sea annuities, and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

35. An act for indemnifying persons who have been guilty of offences against the laws made for securing the revenues of customs and excise, and for enforcing those laws for the future.

36. An act to restrain the dispositions of lands, whereby the same become unalienable.

37. An act for further encouraging and regulating the manufacture of British sail cloth, and for the more effectual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom.

38. An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the second year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to serve in parliament, as relates to the commencing and carrying on of prosecutions grounded upon the said act.

39. An act for making more effectual two acts of parliament, one of the tenth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Highgate Gatehouse in the county of Middlesex, to Barnet Block-house in the county of Hertford; and the road from the Bear Inn in Hadley, to the Angel in Enfield Chace; and for amending Cane-wood Lane, leading from Highgate to Hampstead in the said county of Middlesex.

