Public Acts passed in 1737, 10 George 2 c.1 - c.37.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

2. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty seven.

4. An act for continuing an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that be vended or sold within the town of Dunbar, for improving and preserving the harbour, and repairing the town house, and building a school, and other buildings there, and for supplying the said town with fresh water.

5. An act for enlarging the term granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing roads therein mentioned, leading into the city of Worcester; and for repairing several other roads, lying contiguous to the same; and for reducing the toll or duties granted on sheep and lambs by the said act.

6. An act for the better repairing and paving the highways, streets and watercourses within the city of New Sarum, and for enlightning the streets, lanes, and passages, and better regulating the nightly watch within the said city.

7. An act for continuing an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfreis, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on the tonnage of shipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported into and out of the port of the said town, for the better repairing the said harbour.

8. An act to make perpetual an act made in the seventh year of the reign his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent the infamous practice of stock-jobbing.

9. An act for making navigable the river or brook called Worsley Brook, from Worsley Mill, in the town ship of Worsley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the river Irwell in the said county.

10. An act to impower the justices of the peace for the county of Bucks, to raise money to discharge the debts incurred on account of building a gaol and court rooms, and for finishing the same for the use of the county.

11. An act for making more effectual two acts of parliament, one of the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George, For repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick.

12. An act for repairing the road from Hertford Bridge Hill, to the town of Basingstoke, and also the road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid, to the town of Odiham in the county of Southampton.

13. An act for indemnifying persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices, or to take the oaths required within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for those purposes.

14. An act for collecting at the port of Leghorn certain small sums of money, to which the merchants trading there have usually contributed, for the relief of shipwrecked mariners, captives, and other distressed persons, his Majesty's subjects, and for other charitable and publick uses.

15. An act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houses in Red lion Square, in the county of Middlesex to make a rate on themselves, for raising money sufficient to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and adorn the said square.

16. An act for explaining and amending an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard in the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey.

17. An act for repealing the present duty on sweets, and for granting a less duty thereupon; and for explaining and enforcing the execution of an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon the retalers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the retalers thereof; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

18. An act for rebuilding the church of the parish of Saint Olave, in the city of London, and in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry.

19. An act for the more effectual preventing the unlawful playing of interludes within the precincts of the two universities, in that part of Great Britain called England, and the places adjacent, and for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon the retalers of spirituous liquors, and for licensing the retalers thereof as may affect the privilege of the said universities, with respect to licensing taverns, and all other publick houses within the precincts of the same.

20. An act to enable the magistrates and town council of the burgh of Lanark, to repair and maintain their bridge over the river Clyd at Clydsholm, in the shire of Lanark.

21. An act for making the chapel in the hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate, in the parish of Towcester, in the county of Northampton, a parish church, and for appointing a district or parish thereto, and for enabling the master of the free grammar school within the said hamlet of Abthorpe and Foxcoate to be vicar of the said parish church.

22. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for making more effectual the laws now in being, for paving and cleansing the streets and sewers in and about the said city.

23. An act for explaining, and amending, and making more effectual several acts of parliament made in the fourth, sixth, and tenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, respectively, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned in the counties of Surry, Kent, and Sussex; and for enlarging the terms and powers by the said acts granted; and for repairing the road lying between Nonesuch and Worcester parks, in the parish of Cuddington, in the said county of Surry.

24. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road leading from the Black Bull Inn in Dunstable in the county of Bedford, to the way turning out of the said road up to Shafford House in the county of Hertford; and for preventing the driving of cattle through private grounds and passages, to avoid the payment of the toll charged upon cattle by an act of the first year of the reigh of his late majesty, and the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For repairing the roads from South Mims to Saint Albans, in the said county of Hertford.

25. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and bedels within the liberty of Saffron Hill, Hatton Garden, and Ely Rents, in the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the county of Middlesex.

26. An act for relief of insolvent debtors.

27. An act for laying a duty upon apples imported from foreign parts; and for continuing an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, For granting an allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; and for taking off the drawback upon exportation of foreign paper; and for the better securing the payment of the bounty on the exportation of British made sail-cloth; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

28. An act to explain and amend so much of an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, into one act of parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such rogues, vagabonds, sturdy beggars, and vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common players of interludes.

29. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle a revenue for supporting the dignity of her royal highness the princess, in case she shall survive his royal highness the prince of Wales, and for exempting such yearly sum or sums of money, as his Majesty hath granted, or shall grant to his said royal highness from the payment of fees, taxes, and other charges whatsoever, and for enabling his said royal highness to make leases of lands, parcel of the dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

30. An act for repealing the duties payable ad Valorem, upon foreign oysters imported into this kingdom, and for laying another duty thereon.

31. An act for regulating the company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen rowing on the river Thames, between Gravesend in the county of Kent, and Windsor in the county of Berks.

32. An act for continuing an act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons, going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice; and for continuing two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river or sea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds, contained in an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; and for the more effectual punishment of persons removing any materials used for securing marsh or sea walls, or banks, and of persons maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal, and of persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer, in forests or chases, or beating or wounding keepers, or other officers, in forests, chases or parks; and for the more effectually securing the breed of wild-fowl.

33. An act for making navigable the river Rodon, from a little below a mill called Barking Mill in the county of Essex, to Illford Bridge in the said county.

34. An act to disable Alexander Wilson esquire, from taking, holding, or enjoying any office or place of magistracy in the city of Edinburgh, or elsewhere, in Great Britain; and for imposing a fine upon the corporation of the said city.

35. An act for the more effectual bringing to justice any persons concerned in the barbarous murder of captain John Porteous, and punishing such as shall knowingly conceal any of the said offenders.

36. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from the stones end at White Chapel Church in the county of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and to the furthermost part of the parish of Woodford, leading to the town of Epping, in the county of Essex; and for repairing the road leading from the causeway in the parish of Low Layton (through Wanstead) to the end of the parish of Woodford next to the parish of Chigwell in the said county of Essex.

37. An act to prevent the act made in the twenty first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for limitation of actions, and for avoiding suits in law, being pleaded, insisted on, or taken advantage of, by any persons claiming under the will of Richard Norton esquire, of Southwick, deceased, against any claim, title, or demand, which Thomas Norton esquire, hath to or upon the manor of Old Alresford and lands in the county of Southampton, settled by indenture of the fifth of March, one thousand six hundred and fifty seven, or the rents and profits thereof.

