Acts passed in 1738, 10 George 2 c.1 - c.39.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17 and Ruffhead, vol. 6.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight.

2. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

3. An act for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge in the county of the town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the bridges, commonly known by the name of Cotes Bridges, in the county of Leicester.

4. An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or sold within the town of Aberbrothock, and liberties thereof.

5. An act for taking down and rebuilding the church of the parish of All Saints in the city of Worcester.

6. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one of the third and the other of the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the highways from that part of Counters Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the said county, in the road to Colnbrooke.

7. An act for continuing the term and powers granted and given by the acts passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the third, and in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent; and for restoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex to its ancient goodness.

8. An act for continuing the terms and powers granted and given by the acts passed in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King William, and the tenth year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For recovering, securing and keeping in repair the harbour of Minehead in the county of Somerset.

9. An act for the relief of such prisoners for debt as have by unavoidable accidents lost the benefit of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for relief of insolvent debtors; and for the indemnity of such sheriffs and gaolers as have incurred any penalties on account of such prisoners not being discharged; and for extending the benefit of the said act to creditors whose debtors were committed to prison since the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and thirty, and were detained there upon the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and thirty six, and have chose to continue there.

10. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted and given by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the roads from Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford, to Welwyn, and from thence to Cory's Mill, and from Welwyn through Codicot, to Hitchen in the said county; and also for repairing the roads from Cory's Mill to Hitchen aforesaid.

11. An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

12. An act for continuing of an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

13. to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act of parliament made and passed in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Mary Rotherhith in the county of Surrey, by certain funeral rates therein mentioned, to finish the said parish church; and to enable the said parishioners to raise such further sums of money as shall be necessary for purchasing a convenient piece of ground for an additional burying ground, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

14. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight.

15. An act to empower the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London to set the price upon all coals, commonly called Sea Coals, imported into the port of London from Newcastle and the ports adjacent thereunto, for the space of one year; and to oblige, for the term therein mentioned, fitters and others vending and loading ships with sea coals at Newcastle and the ports adjacent thereunto, to deliver such coals to any matters of ships applying for the same; and for further obliging buyers and sellers of sea coals at Billingsgate or other place of, sale within the bills of mortality, to sign their contracts for coals; and for the admeasurement of all carriages whatsoever used in loading ships with coals in the port of Newcastle, and members thereunto belonging.

16. An act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on each pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Inverness, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and other purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for securing the estates of papists conforming to the protestant religion, against the disabilities created by several acts of parliament relating to papists; and for rendering more effectual the several acts of parliament made for vetting in the two universities in that part of Great Britain called England, the presentations of benefices belonging to papists.

18. An act to continue two several acts therein mentioned; one for encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America, and the other for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America.

19. An act for the more effectual securing the payment of rents, and preventing frauds by tenants.

20. An act for the more effectual securing the payments of certain sums of money directed by an act made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the relief of the poor, to be paid by the respective treasurers of every county in England and Wales, for the relief of the poor prisoners in the King's Bench and Marshalsea prisons.

21. An act to empower the present trustees under the last will and testament of John Marshal gentleman, deceased, to lay out a certain sum of money, now in their hands, for pulling down and rebuilding the parish church of Christ Church in the county of Surrey; and for inclosing a piece of ground lately purchased for an additional church yard to the said church.

22. An act for punishing such persons as shall do injuries and violences to the persons or properties of his Majesty's subjects, with intent to hinder the exportation of corn.

23. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex.

24. An act to amend an act passed in the twelfth and thirteenth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for preventing any inconveniencies that may happen by privilege of parliament.

25. An act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from the Woolstaple, or thereabouts, in the Parish of Saint Margaret in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey.

26. An act for enforcing the Execution of an Act made in the ninth Year of his present majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of Spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retailers thereof.

27. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two millions for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight; and for paying to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England one million, for redeeming an Annuity of forty thousand Pounds payable to them; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

28. An act for the better regulating the Manufacture of Narrow Woollen Clothes in the West Riding of the County of York.

29. An act for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End in the County of Middlesex.

30. An act for explaining and amending an Act of the eighth Year of his present majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles Radcliffe.

31. An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, or to read the Prayers and make the Declarations and Subscriptions required within the respective Times limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

32. An act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An act for enlarging the Time granted by an Act passed in the eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for making a convenient Dock or Basin at Liverpool, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpool; and for enlarging the same, by making an additional Dock, and building a Pier in the open Harbour there; and for enlightening the said Dock.

33. An act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester to the Town of Derby in the County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby to the Town of Brassington in the said County of Derby, and from the said Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne in the said County of Derby, to Hurdloe House in the Parish of Hartington in the said County.

34. An act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of certain Fens called Cawdle Fen, Waterden, and Redmoor and one Piece of Fen Ground called The Holts in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge.

35. An act for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the Parish of Christ Church in the County, of Middlesex.

36. An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, one of the fourth, and the other of the sixth Year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the repairing the roads from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of Saint George in Southwark in the County of Surrey (leading to the Lime Kilns in East Greenwich) to the first Mill Pond at South End, in the Parish of Lewisham in the County of Kent; and for amending the Road from Westminster Ferry at Lambeth in the said County of Surrey to New Cross in Deptford in the said County of Kent, and for amending and making the said Acts more effectual; and for amending the Roads from the Lime Kilns aforesaid to the Town of Dartford in the said County; and from a Place called Saint Thomas a Waterings, in the said Parish of Saint George, to the Stones End in Bermondsey Street in the said County of Surrey.

37. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by an Act made in the tenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road between Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent; and also another Act made in the eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, and for explaining and amending the said Acts; and also for repairing the Highway from Northfleet aforesaid to Dartford in the said County.

38. An act for vesting the Real and Personal Estate of Hugh Naish Esquire, who was late a Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, and escaped out of the same, in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors.

39. An act to enable the Adventurers, Owners, and Proprietors of the taxable Lands, and the Owners and Proprietors of the Free Lands in Deeping Fens, and other Fens in the County of Lincoln therein mentioned, to raise a competent Sum of Money for the effectual draining and future Preservation of all the said Fens, according to their Agreement in that Behalf, and to carry the said Agreement into Execution, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

