Public Acts passed in 1740, 13 George 2 c.1 - c.30.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty.

2. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty.

3. An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships, and privateers.

4. An act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's British subjects to America, and for the encouragement of seamen to enter into his Majesty's service.

5. An act for making more effectual three several acts of parliament, one of the sixth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and another of the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George, For repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick; and the third made in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for making more effectual the said two former acts.

6. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

7. An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's colonies in America.

8. An act to explain and amend an act made in the first year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing the abuses and frauds of persons employed in the working up the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, and iron manufactures of this kingdom; and for extending the said act to the manufactures of leather.

9. An act for repairing the road between Hockliffe in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

10. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

11. An act for the more effectual improving the navigation of the river Dun, from a place called Wilsick-house, in the parish of Bramby-dun in the county of York, to Fishlock-ferry in the same county.

12. An act for making a chapel lately built by Robert Downes goldsmith, and others, in the town of Sheffield in the county of York, a perpetual cure and benefice; and for making a provision for the maintenance of the curate or minister of the said chapel, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose.

13. An act for providing a marriage portion for the princess Mary.

14. An act for making more effectual two acts of parliament passed in the seventh and tenth years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, For preferring and enlarging the harbour of Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland; and for repairing and amending the high roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven.

15. An act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing the roads from the top of Stoken Church Hill to Enslow-bridge, and the read from Wheatley-bridge through the city of Oxon, by Begbrook, to New Woodstock in the county of Oxon (except the mileway on each side of the said city) and for repairing the road from the Crown alehouse to the turnpike on Stoken-church Hill aforesaid.

16. An act to give further powers to the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and to enable them to raise a further sum of money towards finishing the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them.

17. An act for the increase of mariners and seamen to navigate merchant ships, and other trading ships or vessels.

18. An act to continue several laws therein mentioned; for punishing such persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy turnpikes for repairing highways, or locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament for making rivers navigable; for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for preventing frivolous and vexatious arrests; and for better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty's subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's subjects trading thither under foreign commissions; and for limiting the time for suing forth writs of Certiorari upon proceedings before justices of the peace, and for regulating the time and manner of applying for the same; for the better and more speedy execution of process within particular franchises or liberties; and for extending the powers and authorities of justices of the peace of counties, touching county rates, to the justices of the peace of such liberties and franchises as have commissions of the peace within themselves.

19. An act to restrain and prevent the excessive increase of horse races; and for amending an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing of excessive and deceitful gaming.

20. An act for more effectually preventing fraudulent qualifications of persons to vote as freeholders in the election of members to serve in parliament, for such cities and towns as are counties of themselves, in that part of Great Britain called England.

21. An act for further and more effectually preventing the wilful and malicious destruction of collieries and coal works.

22. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted and given by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Dunchurch in the county of Warwick, to the bottom of Meriden Hill in the same county; and for making the said act more effectual.

23. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty; and for enabling his Majesty to raise the farther sum of two hundred thousand pounds out of the growing produce of the said fund; and for granting to his Majesty the sum of twenty one thousand poupds, one shilling, and eight pence halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, arisen by sale of lands in the island of Saint Christopher's; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

24. An act for amending and enforcing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and for reducing the same into one act of parliament and also for amending the laws for erecting, providing, and regulating houses of correction.

25. An act for the more effectual maintenance and well-keeping of Staines Bridge and Egham causeway, being the highway from London to the west parts of England.

26. An act to revive, explain, and amend an act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for making the river of Medway navigable, in the counties of Kent and Sussex.

27. An act for prohibiting commerce with Spain.

28. An act for continuing the several laws therein mentioned, relating to the premiums upon the importation of masts, yards, and bow-sprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to British-made sail cloth, and the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; to the Greenland and to the whale fishery; for granting a farther bounty for all ships employed in the whale fishery during the present war; for exempting harponeers and others employed in the Greenland fishery trade, from being impressed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

29. An act for confirming and enlarging the powers granted by his Majesty to the governors and guardians of the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and deserted young children, by his most gracious charter, bearing date the seventeenth day of October, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, and to enable them to execute the good purposes of the said charter.

30. An act for further enlarging the term granted by an act of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the third, For cleansing and making navigable the chanel from the Hithe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and for making the said act, and another act of the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For enlarging the term granted by the said act of the ninth and tenth years of the reign of King William the Third, more effectual.

