Public Acts passed in 1741, 14 George 2 c.1 - c.43.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 17.
---

1. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one.

2. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one.

3. An act to prohibit, for a time therein limited, the exportation of corn, grain (rice excepted) meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, starch, beef, pork, and bacon.

4. An act to impower Joseph Porter, James Bourdieu, and Abraham Desmarette, to import a certain quantity of raw silk of the growth of Spain from Leghorn.

5. An act for making the chapelry of Nether Knutsford in the parish of Rosthern and county of Chester, a separate and distinct parish; and for erecting a parish church therein, endowing the same, settling the right of presentation thereto, and other purposes.

6. An act to render the laws more effectual for preventing the stealing and destroying of sheep, and other cattle.

7. An act for licensing the importation of victual from Ireland, and other parts beyond the seas, into Scotland, in time of dearth and scarcity.

8. An act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee.

9. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

10. An act to explain and amend an act made in the third year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act for the recovering of small debts, and for the relieving of poor debtors, in London.

11. An act for supplying the city of Gloucester with fresh water.

12. An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, For repairing the roads leading from Seven-oaks to Woodsgate and Tunbridge-wells, and from Woodsgate to Kipping's-cross in the county of Kent; and also for repairing the roads from Kipping's-cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill in the said county, and to Flimwell Vent in the county of Sussex.

13. An act to enlarge the terms and powers granted by three several acts made in the ninth and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Third, For amending the highways leading from Roydon in the county of Hertford, to Wansford Bridge in the county of Huntingdon, so far as the same relate to the roads lying in thq middle and south divisions of the said highways.

14. An act to enlarge the terms and powers granted by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Chatteris Ferry (which divides the isle of Ely from the county of Huntingdon) to Hammond's Eau, and from thence to Somersham Bridge at Somersham town's end in the said county.

15. An act for finishing and compleating the parish church of Gainsborough in the county of Lincoln.

16. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the roads in the parishes of Kensington, Chelsea, and Fulham, and other parishes therein mentioned, in the county of Middlesex; and for repairing some other roads in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, and the said parishes of Kensington and Chelsea.

17. An act to prevent inconveniencies arising from delays of causes after issue joined.

18. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

19. An act for repairing the roads from a place called Redhouse, near Doncaster, to Wakefield; and through the said town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliff, to the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

20. An act to amend the law concerning common recoveries, and to explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for prevention of frauds and perjuries, so far as the same relates to estates pur auter Vie.

21. An act to indemnify protestant purchasers of estates of papists, against the penalties or forfeitures papists are liable to, for not having inrolled their estates, in pursuance of an act of the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for that purpose.

22. An act for granting and continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the further term of seven years; and for allowing rock salt to be used in making of salt from sea water at the salt works at Neath in the county of Glamorgan.

23. An act for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a place called Weeland in the township of Henfall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge in the township of Darrington, in the west riding of the county of York.

24. An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level in the county of Cambridge, and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the said manor.

25. An act for repairing the road leading from Eland to the town of Leeds in the west riding of the county of York.

26. An act for making a chapel lately built by John Coppin esquire, at Market Street in the parish of Cadington in the county of Hertford, a perpetual cure and benefice; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the city of London, and county of Middlesex, to rebuild the church of the said parish.

28. An act for repairing the roads from Doncaster through Ferry-bridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry-bridge to Weatherby, and from thence to Borough-bridge in the county of York.

29. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bowden Hill in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingsdown Hill in the parish of Box in the said county.

30. An act for appointing new commissioners and trustees for putting in execution an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for vesting the estate and effects of John Coggs, and John Dann, goldsmiths and copartners, in trustees, for the speedier payment of their creditors, and for determining differences thereupon.

31. An act for repairing the road from Doncaster (through the parish of Peniston) in the county of York, to Salter's Brook in the county of Chester; and also the road from Rotherham in the said county of York, to Hartcliffe Hill in the said parish of Peniston.

32. An act for repairing and enlarging the roads from the town of Selby in the west riding of the county of York, to the town of Leeds; and from thence (in two several branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibsey) to the town of Halifax in the same riding.

33. An act to supply some defects in the laws for repairing and rebuilding county bridges, for repairing, enlarging, erecting, and providing houses of correction, and for passing rogues and vagabonds.

34. An act to continue an act for relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons, and two subsequent acts for explaining and amending the same; and also to continue an act for the free importation of cochineal and indico.

35. An act for continuing an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, To explain and amend a former act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For the better regulating the manufacture of cloth in the west riding of the county of York, and for making the said acts more effectual.

36. An act for opening a trade to and from Persia through Russia.

37. An act for restraining and preventing several unwarrantable schemes and undertakings in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America.

38. An act for the encouragement and increase of seamen, and for the better and speedier manning his Majesty's fleet.

39. An act for surveying the chief ports and head lands on the coasts of Great Britain and Ireland, and the islands and plantations thereto belonging in order to the more exact determination of the longitude and latitude thereof.

40. An act to enable the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey, to raise a further sum of money towards finishing the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them, and for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the Westminster bridge lottery of the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, and for making provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

41. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million of the sinking fund, and for applying other sums therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty one; and for allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in fire engines for draining tin and copper mines in the county of Cornwall, and for appropriating the supplies granted in this section of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, and orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

42. An act for the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England.

43. An act to enable Thomas Smith esquire, lord of the manor of Farlington, in the county of Southampton, to supply the town of Portsmouth, and parts adjacent, with good and wholsome water, at his own proper costs and charges.

