Public Acts passed in 1742, 15 George 2 c.1 - c.35.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18, and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

2. To repeal so much of an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the preservation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as obliges persons not travelling for hire to make use of waggons with wheels bound with streaks or tyre of a certain breadth, or the said streaks to be fastened with nails of a certain size.

3. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum out of the sinking fund, towards the supply for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

4. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

5. For continuing and making more effectual an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Wendover to the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks; and for building a bridge at Padbury, and making it a county bridge.

6. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one of the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the other of the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the highways between the house commonly called the Horshoe House, in the parish of Stoke Goldington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to the Horshoe House.

7. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the roads leading from the town of Bromsgrove to the town of Dudley in the county of Worcester; and from the said town of Bromsgrove to the town of Birmingham in the county of Warwick; so far as the said act relates to repairing the roads leading from the town of Dudley to the town of Bromsgrove in the county of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

8. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.

9. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one of the first, and the other of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Middlesex; and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great western road in the said county.

10. For explaining, amending, and making more effectual two acts of parliament; one passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, for erecting workhouses, and houses of correction, in the town of Kingston upon Hull, for the employment and maintenance of the poor there; and the other passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, for the more effectual provision of the poor in the said town.

11. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

12. To explain and amend an act passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to enable the parishioners of Saint Catharine Coleman, in Fenchurch Street, in the city of London, to rebuild the church of the said parish; and for making the said act more effectual for the purposes thereby intended.

13. For establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of one million six hundred thousand pounds, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two.

14. To explain and amend two acts of parliament, one made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for repairing the highways from Sheet Bridge in the parish of Petersfield, to the town of Portsmouth in the county of Southampton; and another act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for enlarging the term in and by the said act granted, and for other purposes therein mentioned, and for enlarging the term and powers by the said last mentioned act granted.

15. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the roads leading from Cirencester town's-end to Saint John’s Bridge in the county of Gloucester.

16. For continuing the powers granted by three several acts of parliament, one for repairing the road from Stump-cross to Newmarket-heath, and the town of Cambridge ; another for repairing the road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and the third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said two former acts; and for enlarging the terms granted by the said two former acts.

17. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Ledbury in the county of Hereford, to the several places therein mentioned; and for making the said act more effectual.

18. To render more effectual an act made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third intituled, An act for erecting hospitals and workhouses within the town of Colchester in the county of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the poor thereof.

19. For granting to his Majesty the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities transferrable at the bank of England; and for ascertaining the customs and duties upon quicksilver taken as prize during the present war; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

20. To prevent the counterfeiting of gold and silver lace; and for settling and adjusting the proportions of fine silver and silk; and for the better making of gold and silver thread.

21. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices, employments, and promotions, within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

22. To exclude certain officers from being members of the house of commons.

23. For securing to John Byrom, master of arts, the sole right of publishing, for a certain term of years, the art and method of short-hand, invented by him.

24. To impower the justices of the peace of a liberty or corporation, to commit offenders to the house of correction of the county, riding, or division, in which such liberty or corporation is situate.

25. To impower the importers or proprietors of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations to land the same before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in warehouses at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph Barrow, in respect to the duty on some rock salt, lost by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane.

26. For the better enabling the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey, to finish the said bridge, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them, and for enlarging the time for exchanging of tickets unclaimed in the last lottery for the said bridge, and to make provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

27. For the more effectual preventing any cloth, or woollen goods remaining upon the rack, or tenters, or any woollen yarn, or wool left out to dry, from being stolen, or taken away in the night-time.

28. For the more effectual preventing the counterfeiting of the current coin of this kingdom, and the uttering or paying of false or counterfeit coin.

29. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty on foreign cambricks, imported into Great Britain; and for allowing thereout, a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported.

30. To prevent the marriage of lunaticks.

31. For further regulating the plantation trade; and for relief of merchants importing prize goods from America, and for preventing collusive captures there; and for obliging the claimers of vessels seized for exportation of wool, or any unlawful importation, to give security for costs; and for allowing East India goods to be taken out of warehouses, in order to be cleaned and refreshed.

32. For preventing the mischiefs which may happen by keeping dangerous quantities of gunpowder in or near the cities of London and Westminster.

33. To revive several acts for the punishment of persons destroying turnpikes, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several acts relating to rice, to frauds in the customs, to the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore of the British plantations; and for extending the liberty given by the act of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for carrying sugar of the growth of the British sugar colonies in America, to ships belonging to any of his Majesty’s subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of star or bent.

34. To explain an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to render the laws more effectual for preventing the stealing and destroying of sheep and other cattle.

35. To continue several laws for the encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, and of the silk manufactures of this kingdom; and for allowing a drawback on the exportation of copper bars; and to explain a clause of an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit the exportation of corn, and other things therein mentioned; and to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

