Public Acts passed in 1743, 16 George 2 c.1 - c.32.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18, and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

2. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of this year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

3. An act for repairing the road from Bows in the county of York to Brough under Slainmore in the county of Westmoreland.

4. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty for the more effectual amending the highway between Hockliffe and Woburn in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the road leading through Woburn to Tixford Bridge in Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks.

5. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the several roads leading from the town of Warminster in the county of Wilts.

6. An act to enable the present and future proprietors and inhabitants of the houses in Charterhouse Square in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate for raising money effectually to inclose, pave, watch, clean, and improve the said square, and to continue the same in repair.

7. An act for repairing the high road from Borough Bridge in the county of York, to Catherick in the same county, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the river Tees.

8. An act for repealing certain duties on spirituous liquors, and on licences for retaling the same, and for laying other duties on spirituous liquors, and on licences to retale the said liquors.

9. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, in the city of London, to raise a certain sum of money, for payment of debts already contracted for the relief and maintenance of the poor of the said parish.

10. An act for repairing the roads leading from Marlborough through West Rennet to Shepperd's Shord; and from the Hare and Hounds in Beckhampton, to the top of Cherill-Hill; and from the town of Avebury to the cross-way at Beckhampton in the county of Wilts.

11. An act to explain and amend the laws touching the elections of members to serve for the commons in parliament, for that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to restrain the partiality, and regulate the conduct of returning officers at such elections.

12. An act for repealing the several rates and duties upon victuallers and retailers of beer and ale, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for transferring the exchequer bills unsatisfied thereupon, to the duties for licences to sell spirituous liquors and strong waters by retail; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three, to be further charged on the said duties for licences.

13. An act for raising by annuities and a lottery in manner therein mentioned, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds, at three pounds per centum per annum, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

14. An act to punish mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

15. An act for the more easy and effectual conviction of offenders found at large within the kingdom of Great Britain, after they have been ordered for transportation.

16. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wade's Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston in the said county.

17. An act for the relief of insolvent debtors.

18. An act to empower justices of the peace to act in certain cases, relating to parishes and places, to the rates and taxes of which they are rated or chargeable.

19. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing and amending the highways from the north part of Harlow-bush common in the parish of Harlow to Woodford in the county of Essex.

20. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Dun Cow in Dunchurch, to Hillmorton in the county of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James's End in the town of Northampton.

21. An act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the highways from the city of Gloucester to the top of Birdlip-Hill, being the road to London; and from the foot of the said hill to the top of Crickley-Hill, being the road to Oxford.

22. An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to a place called the Monument upon Lansdown in the same county.

23. An act for continuing an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for amending and repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Westwoodgate in the said county, and for repairing the roads from Luton to Saint Alban's in the county of Hertford.

24. An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of the commissioners for the land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty two, and for the appointing other persons, together with those named for the said year, to put in execution an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three.

25. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, and for applying a further sum therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty three; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this section of parliament.

26. An act for continuing several laws relating to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs; and to the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chairs; for punishing the venders of unstamped news papers; for allowing the importation of hemp or flax manufactured in Ireland, though not sworn to be of the growth of Ireland; and for the relief of Bryan Blundell, in respect to the duty on some white salt lost in a storm at sea.

27. An act to continue an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

28. An act to make the hamlet of Bethnal Green in the parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, in the county of Middlesex, a separate and distinct parish, and for erecting a parish church therein.

29. An act for allowing carts to be drawn with four horses.

30. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and also for amending so much of an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for preventing dangers which may happen from popish recusants, as relates to the time for receiving the sacrament of the Lord's supper now limited by the said act.

31. An act for the further punishment of persons who shall aid or assiss prisoners to attempt to escape out of lawful custody.

32. An act for allowing further time for the inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

