Public Acts passed in 1744, 17 George 2 c.1 - c.43.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18, and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An Act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand Seven hundred and forty four.

2. An Act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the year one thousand sevven hundred and forty four.

3. An Act to oblige overseers of the poor to give publick notice of rates made for the relief of the poor, and to produce the same.

4. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury in the county of Kent.

5. An Act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction.

6. An Act to impower his Majesty to Secure and detain Such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

7. An Act for taking and Swearing affidavits to be made use of in any of the courts of the county palatine of Lancaster.

8. An Act to prevent the committing of abuses in the weighing and packing of butter, in the town and borough of New Malton, in the county of York.

9. An Act for repairing and widening the road leading from a place called Harlow Bush Common, in the parish of Harlow in the county of Essex, to Stump Cross, in the parish of Great Chesterford in she said county.

10. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Chapel on the Heath in the county of Oxon, to the quarry above Bourton on the Hill in the county of Gloucester.

11. An Act for raising and establishing a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the ministers of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and matters, of the universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.

12. An Act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the roads leading from a gate called Shipston Toll-gate, at Bridge-town, in the parish of Old Stratford, in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said county; and to make the same more effectual.

13. An Act for continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham in the county of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual.

14. An Act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Galley Corner, adjoining to Enfield Chace, in the parish of South Mims in the county of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the county of Hertford.

15. An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four.

16. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

17. An Act for granting to his Majesty the surplus or remainder of the monies arisen, or to arise by the duties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of the last session of parliament; and for explaining and amending the said act in relation to the retailers of such liquors; and for establishing an agreement with the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

18. An Act for raising by annuities, and a lottery, in manner therein mentioned, the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds at three pounds per centum per annum, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four.

19. An Act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge in the county of Middlesex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the county of Bucks.

20. An Act for continuing and making more effectual an act made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby in the county of Derby.

21. An Act for laying a duty of two pennies scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold within the town of Burrowstounness and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, for repairing the harbour of the said town.

22. An Act for repairing the road leading from the end of Midleton Tyas Lane over Gatherly Moor to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bows in north riding of the county of York.

23, For more effectually repairing the road from Cherill (through Caine) to Studley Bridge, and from Cherill to the Three Mile Borough at the top of Cherill Hill in the county of Wilts.

24, For more effectually repairing the roads from Coleshill in the county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chester, and for amending other roads therein mentioned.

25. An Act for repairing the road between the town of Kingston upon Hull, and the town of Beverley in the east riding of the county of York.

26. An Act to rectify a mistake in an act made this session of parliament, intituled, An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four.

27. An Act for continuing an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, so far as the same relates to the repairing the road from Studley Bridge to Chippenham in the county of Wilts, and for amending the road from Chippenham to Pickwick in the said county.

28. An Act for explaining and amending an act passed in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to recover and preserve the navigation of the river Dee in the county palatine of Chester; and another act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for incorporating the undertakers of the navigation of the river Dee; and for repealing the tonnage rates payable to the said undertakers; and for granting to them other tonnage or keelage rates in lieu thereof; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act for making more effectual provision for enlightening the streets of the city of London.

30. An Act for the more effectual preventing of the affixing of counterfeit stamps to foreign or other linens.

31. An Act for repealing the duties payable upon glass beads, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for allowing the same drawbacks on the exportation of refined borax and camphire, which are allowed on the exportation of unrefined borax and camphire; and for preventing the fraudulent exportation of British and Irish linens, for the sake of the bounty allowed by an act made in the fifteenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty's reign; and for explaining and amending the said act, as to the persons who are to receive the said bounty.

32. An Act to explain and make more effectual several acts of parliament passed in the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey; and for the better enabling the commissioners for building the said bridge, to finish the same, and to perform the other trusts reposed in them; as also for granting further time for exchanging the tickets unclaimed in the last lottery for the said bridge; and to make provision for tickets in the said lottery, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

33. An Act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, and for applying a sum remaining in the exchequer, arisen by the Coinage duty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty four; and for the further appropriating the the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures of clerks and apprentices; and to enable the reversioners of certain annuities, therein mentioned, to receive such annuities, if the same shall not be demanded within a certain time by the annuitants for life, until proof be made, that such annuitants are living.

34. An Act for the better encouragement of seamen in his Majesty's service, and privateers, to annoy the enemy.

35. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge an act made in the sixteenth and seventeenth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for regulating the measures and prices of coals.

36. An Act for permitting certain goods therein enumerated, to be imported during the war in British built shipping, the prpperty of foreigners; and for relief of William Ord, and others; and for obviating a doubt which hath arisen upon the act of the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, as to the importation on the account of aliens, of goods of the growth or production of the plantations of Spain and Portugal, in English ships duly navigated.

37. An Act to prevent disputes touching the parishes or places where improved wastes, and drained and improved marsh lands, shall be charged to parochial rates.

38. An Act for remedying some defects in the act made in the forty third year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act for the relief of the poor.

39. An Act to make it high treason to hold correspondence with the sons of the pretender to his Majesty's crown; and for attainting them of high treason, in case they shall land or attempt to land in Great Britain, or any of the dominions thereunto belonging; and for suspending the operation and effect of a clause in the act of the seventh year of the late Queen Anne, for improving the union of the two kingdoms, relating to forfeitures for high treason, until after the decease of the sons of the said pretender.

40. An Act to continue the several laws therein mentioned for preventing theft and rapine on the northern borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil-disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice; for continuing two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or sea bank, and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop-binds; and for the more effectual punishment of persons maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal; and of persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forests or chaces, or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forests, chaces, or parks; and for granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and to explain two acts relating to the prosecution of offenders for embeziling naval stores, or stores of war; and to prevent the retailing of wine within either of the universities in that part of Great Britain called England without licence.

41. An Act for making more effectual several acts passed for repairing the road leading from the stones end in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex, to the furthermost part of the northern road in the parish of Enfield in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from the watch-house in Edmonton, to the market place in Enfield.

42. An Act for amending and making more effectual an act made in the last session of parliament, for continuing an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Luton in the county of Bedford, to Westwood Gate in the said county; and from Luton to Saint Albans in the county of Hertford.

43. An Act for repairing the road from the town of Buckingham in the county of Bucks, to Warmington in the county of Warwick.

