Acts passed in 1746, 19 George 2 c.1 - c.39.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 18, and Ruffhead, vol 6.
---

1. An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

2. An act to raise the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, although the month's pay formerly advanced hath not yet been repaid; and to raise such part of the said militia, as shall be judged most proper, ready, and convenient.

3. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

4. An act for continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

5. An act to enable his Majesty to make rules, orders and regulations, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom.

6. An act for establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for cancelling certain exchequer bills upon the terms therein mentioned; and for obliging them to advance the sum of one million upon the credit of the land tax and malt duties granted to his Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty six.

7. An act for adjourning the court of session in Scotland; and for remedying the inconveniencies arising from the surcease of justice in that part of the kingdom.

8. An act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City; as relates to the making or passing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances in Common Council.

9. An act for the more easy and speedy Trial of such persons as have levied, or shall levy War against his Majesty; for the better ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors in Trials for High Treason, or misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

10. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual.

11. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Moneys advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

13. An act to enlarge the Time for Justices of the Peace to take and subscribe the Oath directed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

14. An act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

15. An act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to complete their Church, and to pay Debts already contracted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

16. An act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant purchasers, Devisees and Lessees.

17. An act for continuing an Act of this present session of Parliament,intituled. An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

18. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual.

19. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to Prescot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; for amending the Road leading from Prescot, to the Chapel of Saint Helen in the said County.

20. An act to indemnify such Persons as have added in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Preservation of the public Peace of this Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion, and Sheriffs and others who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

21. An act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing.

22. An act for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

23. An act to continue two Acts of Parliament; one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his majesty's Plantations in America; and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

24. An act to empower Lora Pitt, Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River Froome; and to make a Causeway to the East End of the Town of Dorchester, over Forthington Moor, in the County of Dorset.

25. An act for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour.

26. An act to attaint Alexander Earl, of Kellie, William Viscount of Strathallan, Alexander Lord Pitsligo, David Wemyss Esquire, commonly called Lord Elcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of Wemyss; James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Strathallan, Simon Fraser Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat; George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol; Lewis Garden Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Style of Lord Nairn; David Ogilvie, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Style or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth; Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie; Sir William Gordon of Park, John Murray of Broughton, Esquire; John Garden the elder, of Glenbucket, Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Doctor Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Ludovick Cameron of Tor Castle, Alexander Cameron of Dungallon; Donald Mac Donald of Clanronald, junior, Son to Rhonald Mac Donald of Clanronald, Donald Mac Donald of Lochgarie, Alexander Mac Donald of Keppoch, Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald of Barisdale; Alexander Mac Donald of Glencoe, Evan Mac Pherson of Clunie, Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan of Castle Lauchlan, John Mac Kinnon of Mac Kinnon, Charles Stewart of Ardshiel, George Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart of Carnwath; Lawrence Oliphant the elder, of Gask, Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gask; James Graham the younger, of Airth; John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Farquharson of Monalterye, Alexander Mac Gilivrae of Drumaglash; Lauchlan Mac Intosh, Merchant at Invernefss; Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross of Pitcalny; Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Master John Mac Leod Advocate; John Hay, Portioner of Restalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumsdale, otherwise Lumsdain, Son to William Lumsdale, otherwise Lumsdain, Writer in Edinburgh; and William Fidler, Clerk in the auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland; of High Treason, if they shall not render themselves to one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on or before the twelfth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and forty six, and submit to Justice.

27. An act for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all Foreign made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt concerning Ships being obliged at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete Set of Sails made of British Sail Cloth.

28. An act for the better regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, for such Cities and Towns in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves.

29. An act for settling an additional Revenue of twenty-five thousand Pounds upon his Royal Highness william Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Male of his body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country.

30. An act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

31. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and forty six; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

32. An act for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

33. An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

34. An act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

35. An act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

36. An act to allow the Purchase, for his majesty's Use, of Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom on Board Neutral Ships, by any of his majesty's Ships, and to allow such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them.

37. An act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon.

38. An act more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pastors or Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any meeting houses where such unqualified Pastors or Ministers shall officiate.

39. An act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; for indemnifying the Judges and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland for not performing the Northern Circuit in May one thousand even hundred and forty six; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of Private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the same.

