Acts passed in 1747, 20 George 2 c.1 - c.52.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 19.
---

1. For the further continuing an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

3. For repealing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of four millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the said rates or duties.

4. To continue, explain, and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty to make rules, orders, and regulations, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom.

5. For continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven.

6. To continue and make more effectual two acts of parliament; one passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield in the county of Berks; and for amending other roads in the last act mentioned.

7. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for repairing the roads leading from the western part of the parish of Shenfield, to Harwich, in the county of Essex, and the road leading from Chelmsford in the said county, to Sudbury in the county of Suffolk; and from Margretting to Malden in the county of Essex, and from Colchester to Langham in the same county; and for repairing other roads adjoining to the same roads.

8. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending the road leading from Warrington to Wigan in the county of Lancaster; and also for amending and repairing the road leading from a place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the toll-bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid.

9. For repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawsey, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the county of Northumberland.

10. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon coaches, and other carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the sum of one million, by way of lottery, to be charged upon the said rates and duties.

11. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

12. For repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the said county.

13. For repairing the road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

14. For opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the haven of Southwould in the county of Suffolk.

15. For repairing, improving, and maintaining the publick conduits, and other water-works, belonging to the town of Southampton.

16. For enlarging the term and powers granted by several acts of parliament passed for repairing the highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherset, and from the mouth of Wigmore Lane to Hall Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the county of Norfolk; and for amending the other roads adjoining to the highways directed to be repaired by the said former acts, and making the said acts more effectual.

17. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and the liberties and suburbs thereof, for the purposes in the said acts and the present act mentioned.

18. For the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham.

19. For the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servants; and for the better regulations of such servants, and of certain apprentices.

20. For relief of such of his Majesty’s loyal subjects, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose title deeds and writings were destroyed or carried off by the rebels, in the late rebellion.

21. For holding the summer assizes, and sessions of the peace, for the county of Norfolk, in the city and county of Norwich, until a new shire house can be built for the said county of Norfolk; and for building a new shire house on the castle hill in the same county; and for raising money on the said county for that purpose.

22. For building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the parish of Walton upon Thames in the county of Surrey, to Shepperton in the county of Middlesex.

23. For repairing the road leading from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill in the said county.

24. For the better securing the payment of shares of prizes taken from the enemy, to the royal hospital at Greenwich; and for preventing the embezzlement of goods and stores belonging to the said hospital.

25. For repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees, to Darlington, and from thence through Winston to Barnard Castle, in the same county.

26. For reviving and continuing an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two penny Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, upon every Scots pint of beer or ale vended or sold within the town of Brunt-island, and liberties thereof, for increasing the publick revenue of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. For founding and building a chapel in Wednesfield, in the parish of Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford.

28. For repairing the road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the county of York, to Yarm in the said county; and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham; and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

29. To confirm an agreement made by the rector and vestry-men of the parish of Saint James, within the liberty of Westminster, for enlarging the churchyard of the said parish; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

30. For allowing persons impeached of high treason, whereby any corruption of blood may be made, or for misprision of such treason, to make their full defence by council.

31. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year or his late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from the city of Gloucester to the city of Hereford; and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucester.

32. For uniting the two colleges of Saint Salvator and Saint Leonard, in the university of Saint Andrews, pursuant to an agreement for that purpose.

33. To enable the parishioners of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, in the city of London and county of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient piece of ground, for an additional burying-ground, for the use of the said parish; and to enable the said parishioners to raise such sum and sums of money, as shall be necessary for that purpose.

34. To enable his Majesty to allow to the residuary legatees of Sir Joseph Jekyll knight, late master of the rolls, deceased, part of the legacy given by his will to the use of the Sinking fund.

35. To indemnify persons who have omitted to register their letters of attorney, appointing them agents for prizes, within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

36. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the Sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further sum of money for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for applying a certain sum of money, for defraying the charge of the allowances to several officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards, and three regiments of horse, lately reduced, for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty seven; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of British and Irish coarse linens.

37. For the case of sheriffs with regard to the return of process.

38. For the relief and support of maimed and disabled seamen, and the widows and children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned, in the merchants service.

39. For granting a duty to his Majesty to be paid by distillers, upon licences taken out by them for retailing spirituous liquors.

40. To revive, continue, and amend an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving the haven and piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several rivers emptying themselves at the said town; and also for preserving ships wintering in the said haven, from accidents by fire.

41. For vesting in his Majesty the estates of certain traitors, and for more effectually discovering the same, and applying the produce thereof to the use of his Majesty, and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful debts and claims thereupon.

42. To enforce the execution of an act of this session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights.

43. For taking away and abolishing the heretable jurisdictions in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for making satisfaction to the proprietors thereof; and for restoring such jurisdictions to the crown; and for making more effectual provision for the administration of justice throughout that part of the united kingdom, by the King’s courts and judges there; and for obliging all persons acting as procurators, writers, or agents in the law in Scotland to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete.

44. To extend the provisions of an act made in the thirteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle in any of his Majesty's colonies in America, to other foreign protestants who conscientiously scruple the taking of an oath.

45. To continue several laws relating to the manufactures of sail-cloth and silk; to give further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for better securing the payment of the said duties; and declaring that prize ships lawfully condemned shall be deemed British built ships; and for allowing prize goods to be landed and secured in proper ware-houses, without payment of any duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for exportation or home consumption.

46. To prevent the return of such rebels and traitors concerned in the late rebellion, as have been, or shall be pardoned on condition of transportation; and also to hinder their going into the enemies country.

47. To continue several laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain; for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river of Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for better securing the lawful trade of his Majesty’s subjects to and from the East Indies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty’s subjects, trading thither under foreign commissions; and relating to rice, to frauds in the customs, to the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore of the British plantations; and for the free importation of cochineal and indico; and for punishment of persons destroying turnpikes, or locks or other works erected by authority of parliament.

48. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

49. For declaring valid such acts as have been done by Thomas Panlin, as one of the principal land coal-meters of the city and liberty of Westminster, between the twenty ninth day of September last and the eighth day of November following.

50. For taking away the tenure of ward holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into blanch and feu holdings; and for regulating the casualty of non-entry in, certain cases; and for taking away the casualties of single and life-rent escheats, incurred there by horning and denunciation for civil causes; and for giving to heirs and successors there a summary process against superiors; and for discharging the attendance of vassals at head courts there; and for ascertaining the services of tenants there; and for allowing heirs of tailzie there to sell lands to the crown for erecting buildings, and making settlements in the highlands.

51. To enlarge the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament for restraining the use of the highland dress, and to enable heirs of tailzie, guardians, tutors, curators, and trustees in Scotland to sell lands to the crown.

52. For the King’s most gracious, general, and free pardon.

