Acts passed in 1749, 22 George 2 c.1 - c.52.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 19.
---

1. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine.

2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine.

3. Declaring the authority of the commissioners appointed by his Majesty under the great seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining appeals in causes of prizes.

4. For repairing and widening the road leading from the well at the north-west end of the town or village of Farnborough in the county of Kent, to a place called Riverhill, in the parish of Sevenoaks, in the said county.

5. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

6. For repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Ellenfoot in the county of Cumberland.

7. For repairing the road from the West Cowgate near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the west end of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belsay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanspeck, in the county of Northumberland.

8. To continue two acts of parliament, one of the first and the other of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the road leading from the house called The Sign of the Bells, in the parish of Saint Margaret in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other roads therein mentioned in the county of Kent; and for rendering the same more effectual.

9. For repairing the road from North Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

10. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, upon every Scots pint of beer and ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for sale, within the town of Anstruther Easter, and liberties thereof.

11. For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Witcham, Chatteris, Dodingdon, and a place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and also in the parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton in the county of Huntingdon.

12. For continuing and making more effectual two acts of parliament, the one passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the other in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Sherbrook Hill near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith in the county of Derby, through the town of Stockport in the county of Chester, to Manchester in the county of Lancaster; and for amending other roads adjoining to the road directed to be repaired by the first mentioned act.

13. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kinghorn, and liberties thereof.

14. For continuing and making more effectual two acts of parliament, for repairing the highway between a certain place called Kilburn Bridge in the county of Middlesex and Sparrows Herne in the county of Hertford.

15. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominster in the county of Hereford; and for making the said act more effectual.

16. For draining and improving certain fen lands within the manors and parishes of Upwell and Outwell, and the parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

17. For effectually amending and repairing the road leading from Wamford Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town of Stamford in the county of Lincoln.

18. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several roads leading into the city of Hereford.

19. For the more effectual draining and preserving of several fen lands, and field lands, in the bounds and precincts of Whittlesea in the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

20. For making more effectual an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the navigation of the rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening the streets of the city of Bristol, so far as the same act relates to the paving and enlightening the said streets; and for the regulating hackney coachmen, halliers, draymen, and carters, and the markets, and sellers of hay and draw, within the said city and liberties thereof.

21. For explaining and amending an act passed in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for raising and establishing a fund for a provision for the widows and children of the ministers of the church of Scotland, and of the heads, principals, and masters of the universities of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.

22. For the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting certam duties commonly called petty customs, or wharfage, payable upon the importation and exportation of goods and merchandizes into, or out of the harbour of the borough and town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis in the county of Dorset; and also of ballast and harbour-duties payable in respect of ships and vessels coming into, and going out of the said harbour, and for the better repairing and keeping in repair the said harbour and the wharfs, and other publick buildings and works within the said borough and town.

23. To charge the sinking fund with the payment of annuities, in discharge of navy, victualling and transport bills, and ordnance debentures, to the amount therein mentioned.

24. For remedying inconveniencies which may happen by proceedings in actions on the statutes of Hue and cry.

25. To explain and amend so much of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for establishing a general post office for all her Majesty's dominions; and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's occasions; as relates to horses or furniture to be let to persons riding post.

26. For repairing and widening the several roads leading into the town of Ross in the county of Hertford.

27. For the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linnen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, furr, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot pressers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages.

28. For continuing two acts of parliament, the one passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for amending the several roads leading from the city of Bristol; and the other passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same act; and for making the said acts more effectual; and also for repairing other roads therein mentioned.

29. For making an authentick roll of valuation for the shire of Argyll.

30. For encouraging the people known by the name of Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's colonies in America.

31. For opening and making a new road from the east end of New Street in the parish of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the several places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said road in repair for the future.

32. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from Borough Bridge in the county of York, through North Allerton in the same county, to Croft Bridge on the river Tees; and from thence through Darlington in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

33. For amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea.

34. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making a new road, and for repairing and amending the ancient road between the towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

35. For repairing and widening the road leading from the town of Kingston upon Thames in the county of Surry, to a place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield in the county of Southampton; and also the road from Hindhead Heath, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurst, to the city of Chichester in the county of Sussex.

36. For the more effectual preventing the importation and wear of foreign embroidery and brocade, and of gold and silver thread, lace, or other work made of gold or silver wire manufactured in foreign parts.

37. For the better securing his Majesty's duties arising upon coal, culm, and cinders, exported beyond sea.

38. To prevent the mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great quantities of gunpowder in any one place, or carrying too great quantities of gunpowder together from one place to another.

39. For enlarging the powers granted by an act passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Borough-bridge, in the county or York, to Catherick in the same county, and from thence to Pierse-bridge on the river Tees.

40. For enlarging and maintaining the harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving the haven of Sandwich.

41. For rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the commissioners appointed to put in execution the act for granting a land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the said act, to put in execution an act for granting a land tax for the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and for directing the names of collectors of the said tax to be certified to the receivers general; and for the relief of the borough of Honiton as to arrears of the land tax, and the house and window taxes, for the years one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, and one thousand seven hundred and forty eight.

42. For granting to his Majesty the sum of one million out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and forty nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for applying a certain sum for defraying certain charges and allowances to the officers and private gentlemen of the reduced troops of horse guards; and for continuing the bounties on the exportation of British and Irish linens; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

43. For the further enlarging the term and powers granted and continued by two acts of parliament, the one passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, For repairing the roads from the city of Worcester, through the borough of Droitwich to Dyers Bridge near Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester; and also for repairing the roads from Dyers Bridge through the town of Bromsgrove to Spadesbourn Bridge, and from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same county.

44. To enable such officers, mariners, and soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's service since his accession to the throne, to exercise trades.

45. For the further encouragement and enlargement of the whale fishery, and for continuing such laws as are therein mentioned relating thereto; and for the naturalization of such foreign protestants as shall serve, for the time therein mentioned, on board such ships as shall be fitted out for the said fishery.

46. To continue several laws for preventing exactions of the occupiers of locks and wears upon the river Thames westward, and for ascertaining the rates of water carriage upon the said river; and for continuing, explaining, and amending the several laws for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors; and for regulating the price and assize of bread; and for preventing the spreading of the distemper amongst the horned cattle; and also for making further regulations with respect to attornies and solicitors; and for further preventing the spreading of the distemper amongst the horned cattle; and for the more frequent return of writs in the counties palatine of Chester and Lancaster; and for ascertaining the method of levying writs of execution against the inhabitants of hundreds; and for allowing Quakers to make affirmation in cases where an oath is or shall be required.

47. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parishes of of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhithe, in the county of Surry, and the several precincts and liberties of the same.

48. To ascertain and establish the method of proceeding to and upon outlawries for high treason, and misprision of high treason, in Scotland.

49. For making a free market for the sale of fish in the city of Westminster; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fish; and for allowing the sale of fish, under the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign, in case the same are taken with a hook.

50. For the better repairing the highways, and cleansing the streets, within the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex; and for better enlightening the open places, streets, lanes, passages, and courts there; and regulating the nightly watch, and bedels, within the said parish.

51. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence through Winston to Barnard Castle in the same county, and for the effectual amending of the same.

52. For vesting the several estates of James late earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe deceased, comprized in several settlements therein mentioned, in trustees, for an absolute estate of inheritance, for the benefit of the royal hospital at Greenwich, and for raising certain sums of money out of part of the said estates, for the relief of the children of the said Charles Radcliffe.

