Public Acts passed in 1751, 24 George 2 c.1 - c.59.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

2. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two Millions one hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities, and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

3. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stanford and Grantham in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual.

4. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the several Sums of money therein mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to pay off the Old and New unsubscribed South Sea Annuities out of the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and for enabling the Bank of England to hold General Courts, and Courts of Directors, in the Manner therein directed; for giving certain Persons Liberty to subscribe Bank and South Sea Annuities omitted to be subscribed pursuant to two Acts of the last session of Parliament.

5. An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

6. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

8. An act for the better carrying on, and regulating, the Navigation of the River Thames and Isis, from the City of London westward, to the Town of Cricklade in the County of Wilts.

9. An act for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts.

10. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways through the several Parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Allan, Saint Peter, Shenley Ridge, and South-Mims, in the Counties of Hertford and Middlesex.

11. An act for reducing the interest upon the Capital Stock of the South Sea Company, from the Time, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned; and for preventing of Frauds committed by the Officers and Servants of the said Company.

12. An act for appointing Commissioners to put in Execution an Act made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and Waveney; so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the River commonly called the Lesser Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called the White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

13. An act for repairing the Road from Crosford Bridge, through the Townships of Stretford and Hulme, to the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

14. An act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the twenty first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, to rebuild the Church of the said Parish.

16. An act for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of London, and County of the same City, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof; and within the Bail of Lincoln in the County of Lincoln.

17. An act for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Askrigg and Ingleton in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster in the County of Lancaster.

18. An act for the better Regulation of Trials by Jury; and for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the County of Middlesex.

19. An act for making the River Nar navigable, from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, to Westacre, in the County of Norfolk.

20. An act for repairing and widening the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke, that divides the Counties of Lancaster and Westmorland.

21. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from Woodstock through Kiddington and Enstone to Rollright Lane, and from Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid, in the County of Oxford; and for making the said Act more effectual.

22. An act for explaining and amending so much of an Act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds; and from thence, in two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibsey, to the Town of Halifax in the same Riding, as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Selby and Leeds; and also for repairing the Road from Tadcaster in the said West Riding, over Bramham Moor through Kidhall Lane, over Win Moor, and through Seacroft, to a Place called Ha;ton Dyal, where it comes into the abovesaid Road, between Selby and Leeds.

23. An act for regulating the Commencement of the Year; and for correcting the Calendar now in Use.

24. An act to provide for the Administration of the Government, in case the Crown should descend to any of the Children of his late Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, being under the Age of eighteen Years; and for the Care and Guardianship of their Persons.

25. An act for laying out, making and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

26. An act for cleansing and enlightening the open Places, Streets, and other Passages, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex.

27. An act to enable the present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of the houses in Golden Square, in the parish of Saint James, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, for raising Money sufficient for the better Enclosing, Paving, Enlightening and Adorning of the said Square; and supporting and keeping of the same in Repair for the future.

28. An act for repairing the Road from the Top of Crickley Hill in the County of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the Towns of Northleach, Burford and Witney, and parishes of Hanborough and Bladen, to Campsfield, in the Parish of Kidlington, in the County of Oxford, and also the Road from Witney, through Ensham Corner and Botley, to the City of Oxford.

29. An act for repairing the Road leading from the town of Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Wofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk's Bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow, to a Place or House called the Maidenhead at Orleton in the County of Hereford.

30. An act for repairing the High Roads leading from Darlington in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned.

31. An act for explaining, amending and enforcing an Act passed in the thirteenth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, an act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for further regulating and encouraging the said Manufactures.

32. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Wendover, to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Bucks; and also for repairing and widening the Road leading from the West End of the said Town of Wendover, to the End of a Lane called Oak Lane, next the great Road called The Oxford Road, lying between the Town of Beconsfield, in the said County of Bucks, and Uxbridge in the County of Middlesex, and that Part of the said great Road which leads from the West End of the said Town of Beconsfield, to the River Colne near Uxbridge aforesaid.

33. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads leading from the most Southern Part of Butt Lane, in the Parish of Lawton, in the County Palatine of Chester, to Lawton, and from thence to Henshall's Smithy, upon Cranage Green in the said County; and for making the said Act more effectual.

34. An act for the better Preservation of the Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

35. An act for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queens Ferry in the County of Linlithgow.

36. An act for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish-house, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

37. An act for dividing the Parish of Saint Philip and Jacob in the County of Gloucester, and in the City and County of Bristol; and for erecting a Church in the new intended Parish.

38. An act for levying a Duty of two Pennies Scots, or a sixth Part of a Penny Sterling on every Scots Pint of Ale

and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the Town of Greenock, and baronies of Easter and Wester Greenock, and Finnart, and Liberties thereof, in the County of Renfrew, for repairing the Harbour of the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

39. An act for the better regulating the Navigation of the River Avon, running through the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester; and for ascertaining the Rates of water carriage upon the said River.

40. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon Spirituous Liquors, and upon Licences for retailing the same; and for repealing the Act of the twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an act for granting a Duty to his Majesty to be paid by Distillers upon Licences to be taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors, and for the more effectually restraining the retailing of distilled Spirituous Liquors; and for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of British made Spirits; and that the Parish of Saint Mary le Bon, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise.

41. An act for the more effectual securing the Duties upon Tobacco.

42. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster, which adjoineth thereto; and for making the said Act more effectual.

43. An act for the more effectual Preservation of the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the Disposition of Penalties given by Acts of Parliament relating to the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for enforcing the Recovery thereof; and for the more effectual preventing the mischiefs occasioned by the Drivers riding upon Carts, Drays, Carrs and Wagons, in the City of London, and within ten Miles thereof.

44. An act for the rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables, and others, acting in Obedience to their Warrants.

45. An act for the more effectual preventing of Robberies and Thefts upon any navigable Rivers, Ports of Entry or Discharge, Wharves and Keys adjacent.

46. An act for repealing the Duties now payable upon Foreign Linen Yarns, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

47. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-one; and for Allowances to the poor Widows of commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Orders of Loan, or Annuity Orders, payable at the Exchequer in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt or destroyed; also for making forth new Orders of Loan or Annuity Orders, in lieu of such as shall become defaced, obliterated, or otherwise encumbered with Alignments or Endowments thereon.

48. An act for the Abbreviation of Michaelmas Term.

49. An act for allowing further Time to the of appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of the twenty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, an act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, to inquire into the Claims of certain Creditors of the Royal African Company therein mentioned, and for the Relief of David Crichton; and for restraining the said Company from disposing of such of their Effects as are therein mentioned; and for staying all Suits for Money due from or on the Account of the said Company, for the Time therein mentioned.

50. An act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

51. An act for encouraging the making of Pot Ashes and Pearl Ashes in the British Plantations in America.

52. An act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Premiums upon the Importation of Masts, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine; to British made Sail Cloth, and the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; and to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British made Gunpowder.

53. An act to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, Connecticut, the Massachusets Bay, and New Hampshire in America; and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments of Money.

54. An act for explaining, continuing and enforcing several Laws therein mentioned, more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

55. An act for amending and making more effectual a Clause in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace of any other County or Place.

56. An act for ascertaining the Admeasurement of Wheat Meal, or other Corn or Grain ground, for which a Bounty is payable upon Exportation; and for making Allowances to the East India Company, for their Charges and Expenses in managing, paying and transferring their reduced Annuities.

57. An act to continue several Laws therein mentioned; for preventing Theft and Rapine on the Northern Borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice; continuing two Clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the Bank of any River or Sea Bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds; for the more effectual Punishment of Persons maliciously setting on Fire any Mine, Pit or Delph of Coal, or Cannel Coal; and of Persons unlawfully hunting or taking any Red or Fallow Deer in Forests or Chases, or beating or wounding the Keepers or other Officers in Forests, Chases or Parks; for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the said Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; for preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to make some further Provisions in relation to the signing of Certificates for the Discharge of Bankrupts.

58. An act for making, widening and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the several Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George's Southwark and Bermondsey in the County of Surrey; and Lewisham in the County of Kent.

59. An act for enlarging of the Terms and Powers, and making more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royston in the County of Hertford, to Stamford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the amending of that Part of the Road as lies between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill in the County of Huntingdon, and Wansford Bridge in the same County, called the North Division; and that the Tolls taken at Saltree and Wansford Toll-gates may, from and after a certain Time, be lowered; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton in the said County of Huntingdon, to Peterborough in the County of Northampton.

