Public Acts passed in 1752, 25 George 2 c.1 - c.60.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 7.
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

2. An act for punishing Mutiny and desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, within the Space of one Year, from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifty-two.

4. An act for appointing the Deputy or Secondary of the Chief Clerk to inroll Pleas in the King's Bench, called, The Master of the King's Bench Office, one of the registers or Masters for the Inrollment of Deeds, Wills and other Conveyances in the County of Middlesex, in the Place and Stead of such Chief Clerk.

5. An act to continue and make more effectual an act passed in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of the Highways thereunto adjacent.

6. An act for avoiding and putting an End to certain Doubts and Questions, relating to the Attestation of Wills and Codicils, concerning Real Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America.

7. An act to rectify a mistake in an act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, entitled, an act for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty first Year of his present Majesty, intituled, an act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers in the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

8. An act for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the Town of Wrotham in the County of Kent; and from thence to the Village of Foot's Cray in the said County.

9. An act for enlarging the Term granted by two several Acts of the third and ninth Years of his late majesty's Reign, for continuing the Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer sold in the City of Edinburgh, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing Payment of the Petty Port Customs there.

10. An act for the more effectual securing Mines of Black Lead from Theft and Robbery.

11. An act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent, to deposit Corpse in the Vaults or Arches under the Church in the said Parish, and to ascertain the Fees that shall be paid for the same.

12. An act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Warminster in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frome in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckington in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Heytesbury to Anstrow Hill in the county of Wilts.

13 An act for repairing the Road from the Town of Cirencester to the Town of Stroud, and that Part of Rodborough Hill which leads to Dudbridge; and also the Road leading from Cirencester towards Bisley, so far as the Bottom of Gulph Hill, all in the County of Gloucester.

14. An act to open the Port of Lancaster for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

15. An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and also Persons who have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Articles of Clerkship, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for those Purposes.

16. An act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by two Acts of Parliament, for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittensor, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill in Butt Lane in the County of Stafford.

17. An act for repairing the Road leading from the Green Man in the Chapelry of Seend in the County of Wilts, through Trowbridge, to a Place called White Trough in the Parish of Trowbridge in the same County; and from thence by Road Church to Beckington in the County of Somerset.

18. An act for repairing the Road leading from Long Horsley Bar or Gate, on the Post Road near the Town of Morpeth, by or through Long Horsley, Weldon Bridge and Whittingham, to the River Breamish, and from thence to Peircy's Cross in the County of Northumberland.

19. An act to open the Port of Great Yarmouth for the Importation of Wool and Woollen Yarn from Ireland.

20. An act to obviate Doubts that have arisen with regard to the Admission of the Vassals of the Principality of Scotland, and Payment of their Rents and Duties.

21. An act for repairing the Roads from Wallingford in the County of Berks, to Wantage, and from thence to Farringdon, and also from Wantage to Idson in the said County.

22. An act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere in the County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham in the County of Denbigh.

23. An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist in the City of Westminster; and for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways within the said Parishes.

24. An act for repairing and widening the Roads from Tinhead Hill, to the Round Stone in Trowbridge; and from Flinty Nap, to Western Down in the Parish of Edington in the County of Wilts; and other Roads in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, leading towards the Cities of Bristol and Bath.

25. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money therein also mentioned, by Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the said Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

26. An act to restrain the making Insurances on Foreign Ships bound to or from the East Indies.

27. An act for converting the several Annuities therein mentioned, into several joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, to be charged on the Sinking Fund; and also for consolidating the several other Annuities therein mentioned, into several Joint Stocks of Annuities, transferrable at the South Sea House.

28. An act for repairing the Post Road from the City of Edinburgh, through the Counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boathouse Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the Town of Linlithgow, and from the said Town to Falkirk, and from thence to Sterling; and also from Falkirk to Kilsyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the Post Road to the City of Glasgow.

29. An act for giving a proper Reward to Coroners, for the due Execution of their Office; and for the Amoval of coroners upon a lawful Conviction, for certain misdemeanours.

30. An act to amend an act made in the last session of Parliament, intituled, an act for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Calendar now in life.

31. An act to continue, explain and amend several Laws more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

32. An act to allow the Importation of Gum Senega into this Kingdom, from any Part of Europe, upon the Payment of a Duty; and for Relief of James Gutherie, with respect to the Duties paid and secured upon a Quantity of Tobacco, burnt at the Port of Kircudbright, and for giving further Time for Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

33. An act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Morpeth, by or through Mitford, Thropple, Long Witton, and by the North Side of Rothley Park Wall, to Sting Cross, and to the High Cross in Elsdon in the County of Northumberland.

34. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town of Birmingham, and Hamlet of Deritend thereto adjoining in the County of Warwick.

35. An act for continuing the Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and also for continuing, under certain Regulations, so much of an act as relates to the Premiums upon the Importation of Maist, Yards and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch and Turpentine.

36. An act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of publick Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses.

37. An act for better preventing the horrid Crime of Murder.

38. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Borough of Saint Albans in the County of Hertford, and the several Towns, Parishes, Wards, Hamlets and Places within the Liberty of Saint Albans.

39. An act to obviate Doubts that may arise upon an act made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, an act to enable his Majesty's Natural born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either Lineal or Collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

40. An act for the Application of a Sum of Money therein mentioned, granted to his Majesty, for making compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, Lands, Sorts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever; and to veil the Lands, Sorts, Castles, Slaves and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned.

41. An act for annexing certain forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making Satisfaction to the lawful Creditors thereupon; and to establish a Method of managing the same; and applying the Rents and Profits thereof, for the better civilising and improving the Highlands of Scotland, and preventing Disorders there for the future.

42. An act to render valid and effectual all Contracts and Agreements which shall be made by the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the finishing and completing the said Hospital; for ascertaining the Recompense that shall be made for the same.

43. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpool, and Liberties thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

44. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entitled, An act to enlarge the Pier and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York; and for making the said Act more effectual.

45. An act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and County of the City of Canterbury., and the Liberties and Precincts of the same.

46. An act for repairing and widening the Road from Alemouth through the Town of Alnwick, to Rothbury, and from thence to the Town of Hexham, and also the Road leading out of the aforesaid Road, between Alnwick and Rothbury, to Jockey's Dike Bridge in the County of Northumberland.

47. An act for repairing and widening the Roads from the East End of Monk Bridge, near the Suburbs of the City of York, to New Malton, and from thence to Scarborough in the North Riding of the County of York, and also from spittle house in the East Riding of the said County, to Scarborough aforesaid.

48. An act for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Part of the Road (directed to be repaired by an act passed in the last Session of Parliament, from Carlisle to Newcastle upon Tyne) near Glenwell, to another Part of the Road (so making from Carlisle to Newcastle) upon Shildon Common in the County of Northumberland.

49 An act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Cressage, Harley, Much Wenlock, by Muckley Cross, and through Morville, to Bridgnorth in the County of Salop.

50. An act for repairing the Roads from the North End of Malling Street, near the Town of Lewes, to Witch Cross, and from the north End of Malling Street aforesaid, to the Broil Park Gate; and from Offham to Witch Cross aforesaid, all lying within the County of Sussex.

51. An act for amending and making more effectual several Acts for amending the Roads from the City of London, to East Grinstead in the County of Sussex; and to the Towns of Sutton and Kingston in the County of Surrey; and for more effectually repairing the Road from Newington, through Camberwell in the said County, to New Cross in the County of Kent, and for repairing and widening the Road from Camberwell Green, to the Fox under the Hill in the Parish of Camberwell.

52. An act for widening and repairing the road from Combe-bridge in the County of Somerset, to Bradford, in the County of Wilts; and from thence through Hilperton; and so far over Ashton Common, as to join the Road which leads from Steeple Ashton to Trowbridge; and also the Road leading from Bradford aforesaid, to Cockhill Gate in the said County of Wilts.

53. An act for repairing the Road from Knaresborough in the County of York, by Longflat Lane, Gouldsborough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton Mauleverer and Scate Moor, to Green Hammerton in the same County; and for making the same a High Carriage Road.

54. An act for amending the several Roads leading from the Town of Taunton in the County of Somerset.

55. An act for explaining and amending so much of an act passed in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the repairing and enlarging the Roads from the Town of Selby in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Leeds, and from thence in two several Branches, one through Bradford and Horton, and the other through Bowling and Wibsey, to the Town of Halifax in the same Riding; as relates to that Part of the said Roads which lies between Leeds and Halifax.

56. An act for repairing the several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard in the County of Hereford, to the several Places called the Halfway Ash in the Parish of Docklow, Herefordshire Lake in the Parish of Whitburne, Perry Bridge in the Parish of Stoke Bliss, leading through the several Parishes of Edwin, Ralph, Collington, and the Hamlet of Little Kyre, Sapey Wood in the Parish of Upper Sapey, Bishop's Froome, Wooferwood Gate, and Herefordshire Lake in the said Parish of Bromyard in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

57. An act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Market Harborough in the County of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave and Thrapston in the County of Northampton; and through Bythorne, Spaldwick and Ellington, to the Pound in the Parish of Brampton in the County of Huntingdon.

58. An act for repairing the Roads from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the Southwest Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate; and from thence in two Branches (one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Rutts on the said Moor.

59. An act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill in the County of Gloucester and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill in the said County of Gloucester.

60. An act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley in the County of Gloucester, and to the Parish of Colwall in the County of Hereford, and to the further Side of a Place called The Rid Green in the Road to the City of Worcester, and through a Place called Roberts End Street, to Malvern Chase in the said County of Worcester.

