Public Acts passed in 1753, 26 George 2 c.1 - c.101
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 21
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service or the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and for enlarging the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament, for subscribing annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities therein mentioned.

2. An act to amend an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the better recovery of the penalties inflicted upon persons who destroy the game, by enlarging the time within which suits and actions are to be brought by force of the said act.

3. An act for continuing the duties upon salt, and upon red and white herrings, for the purposes therein mentioned.

4. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three.

5. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

6. An act to oblige ships more effectually to perform their quarantine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

7. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Boston, and Skirbeck Quarter, and the parishes of Boston and Skirbeck, in the county of Lincoln.

8. An act for opening the port of Exeter for the importation of wool, and woollen yarn, from Ireland.

9. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery; and for regulating the said fishery according to the calendar now in use, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for enlarging the time, and continuing the duties granted by several acts of parliament for repairs of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the county of York; and for making the said acts more effectual.

11. An act for permitting the exportation of wool, and woollen or bay yarn, from any port in Ireland, to any port in Great Britain.

12. An act to prevent wines imported into any of the out-ports of this kingdom, being afterwards brought into the port of London, or parts adjacent, without paying the London duty.

13. An act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco by land or water, and for the ease of the fair trader in tobacco; and for ascertaining the rates payable for the portage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the sale of spirituous liquors by retail.

14. An act for the settling and ascertaining the fees to be taken by clerks to justices of the peace.

15. An act for allowing interest upon certain debentures for the bounty granted on the exportation of corn.

16. An act for reducing the number of directors of the corporation of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other parts of America; and for encouraging the fishery; and for regulating the election of the governors and directors of the said company.

17. An act for the more effectual levying of the duties upon windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

18. An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant seas.

19. An act for enforcing the laws against persons who shall steal or detain shipwrecked goods; and for the relief of persons suffering losses thereby.

20. An act for encouraging and improving the manufactory of linen in the highlands of Scotland.

21. An act for encouraging the silk manufactures of this kingdom; and for securing the duties payable upon the importation of velvets, wrought silks, and silks mixed with other materials, not manufactured in Great Britain.

22. An act for the purchase of the Museum, or collection of Sir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian collection of manuscripts; and for providing one general repository for the better reception and more convenient use of the said collections, and of the Cottonian Library, and of the additions thereto.

23. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty three; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for enlarging the time limited by an act of the last session of parliament, for subscribing annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, into the joint stock of annuities; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

24. An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers, devisees, and lessees.

25. An act to render more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude; and to enlarge the number of commissioners for putting in execution the said act.

26. An act to permit persons professing the Jewish religion, to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. An act to confirm certain acts and orders made by justices of the peace being of the quorum, notwithstanding any defect in not expressing therein, that such justices of the peace are of the quorum.

28. An act for the preventing of the inconveniencies and dangers that may arise from the present methods of digging gravel, sand, stone, chalk, and other materials, on the several commons and waste grounds within this kingdom, for the repair of the highways, and for other purposes.

29. An act to explain, amend and continue, the provisions made by two acts of parliament of the nineteenth and twenty first years of his Majesty's reign, for the more effectual disarming the highlands in Scotland, and to make provision for the more speedy ascertaining the lawful debts or claims upon the lands and hereditaments that some time belonged to Alexander Robertson of Strowan, which, with other forfeited estates, are, by an act of the twenty fifth year of his Majesty’s reign, annexed to the crown unalienable.

30. An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

31. An act for regulating the manner of licensing alehouses in that part of Great Britain called England; and for the more easy convicting persons selling ale, and other liquors, without licence.

32. An act for continuing several laws relating to the punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the drawback of the duties upon copper bars exported; and to the duties upon foreign-made sail cloth; and also for encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandizes exported; and for encouraging the trade of the sugar colonies in America; and for vacating the security for the duty on salt lost in any river, or in port, after shipped, and for enlarging the time for proving the loss of salt; and for relief of matters of ships with respect to the importation of soap and candles, contrary to an act made in the twenty third year of his Majesty’s reign; and also for the more effectual payment of the bounties upon British-made sail cloth; and to impower the commissioners of the treasury to direct the payment of the bounty to John Henniker, and others, upon four ships fitted out for the whale fishery, and lost in the Greenland seas, and also to Philip How, and others, upon two ships employed in the said fishery, notwithstanding some of the forms required by law in fitting out such ships were not complied with.

33. An act for the better preventing of clandestine marriages.

34. An act to explain, amend, and continue several laws more effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper which now rages amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom; for the more effectual paying the expences of passing vagrants; for obviating doubts that may arise touching the keeping of prisoners until the prison of the marshalsea of the court of King’s Bench shall be rebuilt or repaired; and for amending so much of the act of the twenty fourth of his present Majesty, for regulating the commencement of the year, and for correcting the calendar now in use, as relates to the time of electing publick officers of the city of Chester.

35. An act for confirming an agreement entered into between the company of proprietors of the undertaking for recovering and preserving the navigation of the river Dee, and Sir John Glynne baronet, lord of the manor of Hawarden, and several freeholders and occupiers of land within the said manor; and for explaining and amending three several acts of parliament of the sixth, fourteenth, and seventeenth years of his present Majesty’s reign, for recovering and preserving the navigation of the said river Dee.

36. An act for erecting several publick buildings in the city of Edinburgh, and to impower the trustees therein mentioned, to purchase lands for that purpose; and also for widening and enlarging the streets of the city, and certain avenues leading thereunto.

37. An act for repairing the road leading from the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland, by Hutton Hall, over Skelton and Castlesowerby Pastures, and Sebraham Bridge, to Chalkbeck in the said county; and also the road which branches and separates from the same road upon Castlesowerby Pastures aforesaid, and leads from thence through Hesket, otherwise Hesket New Market, to Caldbeck in the said county.

38. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, to rebuild the church of the said parish.

39. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Bewdley, in the county of Worcester, to the several places therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester and Salop respectively.

40. An act for repairing the roads from the city of Carlisle, to the town of Penrith in the county of Cumberland, and from the said town of Penrith, to Emont Bridge, which divides the counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.

41. An act for continuing and making more effectual three acts of parliament, passed in the ninth and twelfth years of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, and the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the county of Bedford; and also for repairing the road from the sign of the White Horse to the sign of the King's Arms in Hockliffe aforesaid.

42. An act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Seend Street, in the county of Wilts, to the Horse and Jockey, in the parish of Box, in the said county.

43. An act for enlarging the churchyard of the parish of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex.

44. An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold, within the town of Dysart, and liberties thereof, and all places adjacent, lying within three hundred yards of the boundaries of the said liberties, for repairing, improving, and preserving the harbour of the said town.

45. An act for building a new church within the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

46. An act for repairing the road from the borough of Leicester, in the county of Leicester, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said county.

47. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from the market-house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick respectively.

48. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the city of Durham, in the county of Durham, to Tyne Bridge in the said county.

49. An act for repairing the road from the city of Carlisle, in the county of Cumberland, to the market and seaport town of Workington in the said county.

50. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Redstone Ferry, in the county of Worcester, to the Hundred House; and from thence to Monkbridge, in the road to the town of Tenbury; and from the said Hundred House, to the said town of Tenbury in the said county.

51. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from a place called Basing-stone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surry, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county; and from thence through Bentley, Holybourn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley, otherwise Matterley lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

52. An act for widening and repairing the high road leading from Heron Syke, which divides the counties of Lancaster and Westmorland, to the town of Kirby in Kendal, and from the said town of Kirby in Kendal, through the town of Shapp, to Emont Bridge, in the said county of Westmorland.

53. An act to continue and render more effectual three acts of parliament passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the third and twenty second years of the reign of the present Majesty, for repairing the road from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the county of Derby, through the town of Stockport, in the county of Chester, to Manchester in the county of Lancaster, and other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for repairing the road from the School House in Didsbury, to the bridge in Wimslow, in the county of Chester; and for erecting a bridge over the river Mersey.

54. An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the parish of Ticehurst, in the county of Sussex, to the town and port of Hastings in the said county.

55. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing the road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End, in the county of Middlesex.

56. An act for continuing and giving farther powers to the trustees for putting in execution two acts of parliament for repairing the roads from the parish of Enfield, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Hertford, and other roads in the said acts mentioned.

57. An act for raising a sum of money by a county rate, for purchasing a proper prison for debtors in the county of Devon.

58. An act for building a chapel on the common, in the parish of Portsea, in the county of Southampton, and for vesting power in certain trustees for the regulation thereof.

59. An act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of the town of Burton upon Trent, in the county of Stafford, through the said town, to the south end of the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

60. An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill, in the parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House, in the parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid.

61. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Ealand, to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

62. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Henshalls Smithy, upon Cranage Green through the town of Nether Knutford, and by the South Guide Post in Mere and Bucklow Hill, to the town of Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chester; and from the said Guide Post to Warrington, in the county of Lancaster; and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid, to Penny's Lane, near Northwitch, in the said county of Chester.

63. An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place in the town of Salford, to the towns of Warrington and Bolton, and through Wardley Lane, to the town of Wigan and to the Stocks in the township of Duxbury, and to a place called the Broad Oak, in Worseley, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

64. An act for repairing and widening the road from Tadcaster, through Newton, Collingham, Harewood, Arlington, and Pool, to Otley, in the west riding of the County of York.

65. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Liverpool to Prescot, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also for repairing the road from Prescot, through Whiston, Rain-hill, Bold and Sankey, to the town of Warrington, and also the road from Saint Helen to Ashton in the said county palatine.

66. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from Lobcomb Corner, in the parish of Winterslow, to Harnham Bridge, in the county of Wilts; and from the West corner of Saint Anne's Street, in the city of New Sarum, to the parishes of Landford and Brook; and from thence to Ealing, and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the county of Southampton.

67. An act for repairing and widening the road from the east end of Brough under Stainmore, in the county of Westmorland, by the end of Appleby Bridge, to Emont Bridge in the said county.

68. An act for amending, widening and repairing, the read leading from Dover to Barham Downs, in the county of Kent.

69. An act for repairing and widening the road from the Halfway House, in the parish of Lower Compton, in the county of Dorset, through the towns of Yeovil, Crewkerne, and Chard to the east end of the town of Axminster, in the county of Devon, and several other roads, round the said town of Yeovil, in the county of Somerset.

70. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the Hand and Post in Upton Field, in the parish of Burford, in the county of Oxford, through the several parishes within mentioned, to a place in the parish of Preston, in the county of Gloucester, called Dancy's Fancy.

71. An act for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, leading to and from the towns of Shepton Malet and Ivelchester, in the county of Somerset.

72. An act for continuing and making more effectual two acts of parliament for repairing the roads leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, in the county of Suffolk, and other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for repairing the road from Cleydon aforesaid, to Codenham Beacon, in the said county.

73. An act to continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament, one passed in the tenth year of his late majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Dunchurch, to the bottom of Mereden Hill, in the county of Warwick, and for repairing the road from the bottom of Mereden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said county.

74. An act for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

75. An act for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton, to the south wall of the church-yard of the town of Thirsk, and from, the south east end of the street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwold, in the county of York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York; and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

76. An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Piper's Inn, in the parish of Ashcott, in the county of Somerset, to and through Glaston, otherwise Glastonbury and Wells, to the direction or white post, in the great western road to the city of Bath; and also from Wells to Rush Hill, leading to the city of Bristol.

77. An act to explain and make more effectual an act passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, For repairing the roads from Doncaster, through Ferry Bridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross; and also from Ferry Bridge to Wetherby, and from thence to Borough Bridge in the county of York.

78. An act to widen and repair the road from the guide post near the end of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the county of Oxford, to the house called the Sun Rising, at the top of Edge Hill in the county of Warwick.

79. An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the town and parish of Preston Pans in the shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

80. An act to continue and render more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the highways leading to Highgate Gatehouse, and Hampstead, and other roads in the said acts mentioned in the county of Middlesex.

81. An act for repairing the roads from Livingstoun, by the kirk of Shotts, to the city of Glasgow, and by the town of Hamilton to the town of Strathaven.

82. An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road at Buckton Burn in the county of Durham, through Berwick upon Tweed, to Lammerton Hill, and also the several other roads therein mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties of the said town of Berwick.

83. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kighley to Wakefield and Halifax, and from Dudley Hill to Killinghall, and the south West corner of Harrowgate Inclosures, and more effectually to repair the roads from Leeds to Hallifax, and Bowling Lane, and Little Horton Lane, and for building a bridge over the river Wharf at Poole in the west riding of the county of York.

84. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Spann Smithy in the township of Elton, through the town of Middlewich, and by Spittle Hill in Stanthorne, to Winsford Bridge; and from Spittle Hill, to the town of Northwich in the county palatine of Chester.

85. An act for repairing the road from Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester, through Burton upon Trent in the county of Stafford, and to the Cock Inn in Tutbury in the said county.

86. An act for repairing, amending, and widening the road from Keighley in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirby in Kendal in the county of Westmorland.

87. An act for repairing and widening the road from the stones end near Shoreditch church, to the centre of the bridge in Old-Street road, and through Old-Street in the parish of Saint Luke, Middlesex, to the west end of the said street, next the pavement in Goswell-Street.

88. An act for repairing the road leading from Oundle in the county of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston in the county of Huntingdon, from Barnwell in the said county of Northampton, to Alconbury cum Weston aforesaid, and from the Mile Brook in Hamerton, to Wood Lane End, next the parish of Great Gidding in the said county of Huntingdon.

89. An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, two acts of parliament, the one passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing the high road leading from the town of Stockton upon Tees in the county of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winstone, to Bernard Castle in the said county; and the other passed in the twenty second year of his said Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by the said first mentioned act, and for the effectual amending of the said road.

90. An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow.

91. An act for repairing the road from North Queen's Ferry, through the towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross, to the town of Perth; and also the road from the hsaid Queen's Ferry, to the towns of Dunfermline, Torryburn and Culross; and also the road from the said Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Bruntisland and Kirkaldie.

92. An act for repairing, attending, and widening the several roads leading from the Red Post in the parish of Fivehead, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and also from Curry Rivell to Puckington Lane, and from Cary Bridge to Street Cross in the county of Somerset.

93. An act for repairing and widening the several roads in the county of Peebles, leading from Tweed Cross towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha and Wheam, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleton through Carlops, until all the said roads join the limits of the county of Edinburgh.

94. An act to enable the owners of houses and lands in the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, and the inhabitants thereof, to repair the church and steeple belonging to the said parish.

95. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing the road leading from Catherick Bridge in the county of York, to Yarm in the said county; and from thence to Stockton in the county of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield in the said county of Durham, to the city of Durham.

96. An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped or sold within the town of Paisley, and liberties thereof in the county of Renfrew, for improving the navigation of the river Cart, and for other purposes.

97. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, within the liberty of the city of Westminster, and for cleansing the streets, and repairing the highways within the said parish.

98. More effectually to enable the parishioners of the parish of Christ Church in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire or erect, a workhouse for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein.

99. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, and for enlightening the streets, passages and open places within the city of Chichester, and several places adjoining thereto, and the close within the said city.

100. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of East Greenwich in the county of Kent, and for repairing the highways, and cleaning the streets thereof.

101. An act to enable James Mallors to open a street from the west side of King's Street in the parish of Saint Margaret in the city of Westminster, to the back part of the houses, gardens and yards, on the west side of Delahaye Street in the same parish, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

