Acts passed in 1754, 27 George 2 c.1 - c.42.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 21.
---

1. To repeal an act of the twenty-sixth year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to permit persons professing the Jewish religion to be naturalized by parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

3. For the better securing to constables, and others, the expences of conveying offenders to gaol; and for allowing the charges of poor persons bound to give evidence against felons.

4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four.

5. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

6. To repeal a proviso in an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the wages of certain servants, and for the better regulation of such servants, and of certain apprentices, which provides that the said act shall not extend to the stannaries in Devon and Cornwall.

7. For the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of clocks and watches.

8. For improving and enlarging the harbour of Leith, and to empower the trustees therein mentioned to purchase lands, for that purpose; and for erecting docks and other conveniences on the sides thereof.

9. For punishing mutiny and desertion of officers and soldiers in the service of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and for the punishment of offences committed in the East Indies, or at the island of Saint Helena.

10. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of the sinking fund; and applying certain surplus monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty four; and for the further disposition of the said sinking fund, by paying thereout the remainder of the sum advanced on the credit of the duty on sweets, and the interest thereof; and for carrying the said duty to the said fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

11. To continue the duties for encouragement of the coinage of money; and for removing doubts concerning the continuance of the duty of twenty shillings for every ton of brandy wines, and strong waters imported.

12. For improving and preserving the navigation from Salter's Lead Sluice in the county of Norfolk, to Standground Sluice in the county of Huntingdon; and from Flood's ferry in the isle of Ely in the county of Cambridge, to Ramsey High Load in the said county of Huntingdon, and also the navigation from Old Bedford Sluice in the said county of Norfolk, to the river Nene, in the parish of Ramsey, in the said county of Huntingdon.

13. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

14. To continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

15. To explain and amend an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed and disguised and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects; and for the speedy bringing the offenders to justice.

16. For making perpetual several laws for punishment of persons destroying turnpikes, locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament; and that all acts made for erecting courts of conscience, shall be deemed publick acts; and to impower a certain number of the trustees of the British Museum to do certain acts; and for confirming the table of fees to be taken by the clerks to the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex; and for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices; and for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for preventing persons driving certain carriages from riding upon such carriages.

17. For revesting in the crown the power of appointing the marshal of the Marshalsea of the court of King's Bench; and for the better regulation of that office, and of the interior offices thereto belonging; and for rebuilding the King's Bench prison.

18. To continue several laws for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first competed or written, and printed in Great Britain; for the free importation of cochineal or indico, and relating to rice, frauds in the customs, the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore; and for the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Alexander Brown and others, upon a ship fitted out for the whale fishery, and lost in the Greenland seas; and for the more effectual payment of the bounties upon British-made sail cloth to Robert Donald and others.

19. For discharging the corporation of the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a debt due to the duke of Bedford, and earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the proprietors of lands in the North Level, part of the said great level, to raise money to discharge the proportion of the said North Level, in the debts of the said corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers lands adjoining thereto in the manor of Crowland.

20. For the more easy and effectual proceeding upon distresses to be made by warrants of justices of the peace.

21. To continue and render more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between Hockcliffe in the county of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the county of Buckingham.

22. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Trent Bridge, in the county of the town of Nottingham, through Costock, otherwise Cortlingstock Lane, to the bridges commonly known by the name of Coles Bridges, in the county of Leicester; and for making the said act more effectual.

23. For repairing and widening the road from the city of Peterborough, through Oundle and Thrapston, to Wellingborough in the county of Northampton.

24. For amending, widening and keeping in repair, the road leading from Union Point, near the town of Uckfield in the county of Sussex, to Langney Bridge in the parish of Westham in the said county.

25. For the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages, and courts, within the parish of Saint Luke in the county of Middlesex, and regulating the nightly watch and bedels; and for repairing the highways within the said parish.

26. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Dunstan's Cross, near the city of Canterbury, to the water side at Whitstable in the county of Kent.

27. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow.

28. For explaining, amending, and rendering more efffectual, an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, For repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, through Desborough, Rowell, Kettering, Barton Seagrave, and Thrapston, in the county of Northampton; and through Bythorne, Spaldwick, and Ellington, to the Pound in the parish of Brampton, in the county of Huntingdon.

29. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the county of Durham, and from thence to the turnpike road at Tudhoe Lane End in the said county; and for making the same more effectual.

30. For repairing and widening the road from the borough of Leicester, to and by the north side of the town of Uppingham in the County of Rutland; and to Watford in the county of Northampton; and from thence to Peterborough in the said county of Northampton.

31. For repairing and widening the road leading from the toll-gate in the parish of Kettering, through the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, and through Olney over Sherrington Bridge, to Newport Pagnell, in the county of Bucks, and for repairing and widening, or rebuilding the said Sherrington Bridge.

32. For repairing and widening the road from a certain intrenchment on Askerswell-hill, opposite to Chilcombe Farm, through the town of Bridport to Penn Inn; and from Bridport aforesaid to the town of Beamister, in the county of Dorset; and also the road from Penn Inn aforesaid, through the town of Axminster, to the workhouse at the east end of the town of Honiton in the county of Devon.

33. For repairing and widening the high road from Westwood-gate, in the parish of Knotting, in the county of Bedford, through the towns of Rushdon and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough-bridge, to the turnpike road in Barton-Seagrave-Lane, in the parish of Barton-Seagrave, in the county of Northampton.

34. For repairing and widening the high road from a place called Saint Loyds, in the town of Bedford, through the parishes of Bromham, Stagsden, Astwood, Harkmead and Chichley, to the way post in Sherrington Field, where the said road joins the high road from the town of Olney to the town of Newport Pagnell, and also the high road from Bromham aforesaid, through the parishes of Turvey and Colebray-field, to the town of Launden, otherwise Lavenden, in the counties of Bedford and Buckingham; and for applying, part of the money arising thereby towards repairing, rebuilding or widening, Sherrington Bridge in the road from the said way post to the said town of Newport Pagnell.

35. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer brewed for sale, vended or sold within the town and barony of Alloa, in the county of Clackmannan; and also a duty of anchorage for ships and vessels anchoring in the harbour of the said town, for repairing the pier of the said harbour.

36. For repairing and widening the roads from the borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, through Alcester in the said county, and Feckenham, to a place called Bradley Brook, in the county of Worcester; and from Alcester through Great Coughton and Crabs Cross, in the said county of Warwick, and through Hewell Lane and Burcott, to the Cross of hands on a common called the Leekhay, and out of Hewell Lane through Church Lane and Tutnell to Bromsgrove, in the said county of Worcester.

37. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the eighth year or the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the town of Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancaster, leading over a certain craggy mountain called Blackstone Edge in the same county; and from thence to the towns of Halifax and Ealand in the county of York.

38. For the better relief and employment of the poor in the parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford in the county of Kent, and in the parish of St. Paul, Deptford, in the counties of Kent and Surrey; and for repairing the highways, and paving and cleansing the streets, in the said parishes.

39. For repairing and widening the road from the north end of Bridgeford Lane in the county of Nottingham, to and through several towns and places in the counties of Nottingham, Leicester, Rutland, and through Rockingham, to the Bowling Green at Kettering in the county of Northampton.

40. For opening, making, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Radcliff Highway, through Cannons Street in the county of Middlesex, into the road leading into the county of Essex; and also from the west end of Brook Street into Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell street into the back lane in the said county of Middlesex.

41. For amending and widening several roads, leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

42. For repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an omission in an act passed in the last session of parliament for repairing the road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester.

