Public Acts passed in 1755, 28 George 2 c.1 - c.60
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 21
---

1. An act for the relief of the out-pensioners of the royal hospital at Chelsea.

2. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five.

3. An act to indemnify members of cities, corporations, and borough towns, who have neglected to take the oaths of office, and to stamp their admissions; and for allowing them further time for those purposes.

4. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

5. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and for the relief of the inhabitants of certain places in the county of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land tax.

6. An act for taking away mortuaries in the archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a recompence therefore to the bishop of Chester as archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said archdeaconry in right of his fee.

7. Concerning the offices of sheriff depute and steward depute, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

8. An act for making navigable the river or brook called Sankey Brook, and the three several branches thereof, from the river Mersey below Sankey Bridges, up to Boardman's stone bridge on the south branch, to Gerard's bridge on the middle branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the north branch thereof, all in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also for adjusting the measure of coal, to be brought down the said river or brook, and sold within the town of Liverpool, in the said county.

9. An act to prevent the holding of any market for the future in the high street of the borough of Southwark in the county of Surry.

10. An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

11. An act for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on shore.

12. An act to explain and amend a clause in an act made in the fifth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better preservation of the game, in relation to the selling or offering to sale any game.

13. An act for relief of insolvent debtors.

14. An act for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the British white herring fishery; and for giving further encouragement for the carrying on the said fishery; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

15. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of one million, to be raised by a lottery.

16. An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty’s ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

17. An act to amend an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto.

18. An act to continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

19. An act for making perpetual an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing thefts and robberies, and for regulating places of publick entertainment, and punishing persons keeping disorderly houses; for the further punishing persons selling ale or other liquors without licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of goss, furze, or fern, in forests or chaces; for giving further time for the payment of duties omitted to be paid for the indentures or contracts of clerks and apprentices, and for the filing of affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors.

20. An act for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several acts of parliament made for the further encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty’s subjects; and to authorize the payment of the bounty to Thomas Hood and others, upon three ships fitted out for the said fishery, and lost in the Greenland Seas.

21. An act for making more effectual the laws prohibiting the importation of spirituous liquors in casks or vessels not containing sixty galions, and of tea above the quantity of six pounds, found on board any British ship or vessel, not belonging to, or employed by, the East India company.

22. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money therein mentioned, out of the sinking fund; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty five; and for carrying the surplus of certain duties to the sinking fund; and for the further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

23. An act to enable the churchwardens, overseers, and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of Surry, to hold a market within the said parish, not interfering with the high street in the said borough.

24. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and promotions within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

25. An act for continuing an act, intituled, An act for encouraging the making of indico in the British plantations in America.

26. An act for repairing and widening the road from the high bridge in the town of Ramsey in the county of Huntingdon, through King’s Ripton, to the west end of Saint Peter’s Lane in the parish of Saint John, within the borough of Huntingdon.

27. An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual several acts of parliament, relating to the maintenance and employment of the poor of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and for better paving, preserving and cleansing the streets, squares, lanes and alleys in the said town, and preventing obstructions therein; and for preserving the lamps, which shall be set up to enlighten the streets of the said town, and securing the property of such lamps to the owners.

28. An act for repairing and widening the road from Sutton in the county of Surry, through the borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Mill to Ewell; and also the road from Tadworth, by the Wind-Mill, to the bottom of Pebble Hill in the said county.

29. An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer, that shall be vended or sold within the city of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the villages of Gorbels and Port Glasgow, and privileges thereof for the benefit of the said city and villages.

30. An act to continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament passed in the sixth and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King George, for repairing the roads from Stevenage in the county of Hertford, to Bigleswade in the county of Bedford; and for repairing the roads from the north end of the said roads to the toll-gate at the north end of the said town of Bigleswade.

31. An act for repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the town of Monmouth.

32. An act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing a nightly watch within the city of Bristol.

33. An act for repairing the road from the north end of Brown's Lane in Great Stoughton in the county of Huntington, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrers, to the way post near Wellingborough Bridge in the county of Northampton, and from the pound in Kimbolton, to the way post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge in the said county of Huntingdon.

34. An act for erecting and building a new chapel in the town of Wolverhampton in the county of Stafford.

35. An act for repairing the road from a certain place in Bury in the county of Huntingdon, through Warboy, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltisley, Waresley, Gamlingay and Potton, to a house called the Spread Eagle in Stratton within the several counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge and Bedford.

36. An act to continue and render more effectual several acts for repairing the road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the town of Cambridge; for repairing the road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and for repairing other ruinous parts of the highways adjacent to the road from Foulmire to Cambridge.

37. An act for the better enlightening and cleaning the open places, squares, streets, lanes, alleys, passages and courts within the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London; and regulating the nightly watch and beadles within the said parish.

38. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the borough of Dunbeved, otherwise Launceston, and parish of Saint Mary Magdalen in the county of Cornwall.

39. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repairing the high roads in the county of Edinburgh, to and from the city of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge to the town of Queen’s Ferry in the county of Linlithgow; and for making the said act more effectual.

40. An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, through the town of Lutterworth in the said county, to the city of Coventry.

41. An act for enlightening the streets and lanes, and regulating the pavements, in the town of Leeds in the county of York.

42. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Henley Bridge in the county of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a place called Mile-stone, in the road leading to Magdalen Bridge in the said county, and for widening the said roads; and also for repairing and widening the roads leading from the end of Culham Bridge next to Culham in the county of Oxford, to the end of Burford Bridge next to Abingdon in the county of Berks, and from the Major's Stone at the end of the Boar Street in the town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Shipton in the said county of Berks, and from thence to the west end of the town of Fyfield in the same county.

43. An act for establishing and maintaining a ferry across the river Thames, between the hamlet of Ratcliff in the county of Middlesex, and the parish of Rotherhithe in the county of Surry.

44. An act for repairing and widening the road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hursborn Fryars, Andover and Middle Wallop in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner in the parish of Winterslow in the county of Wilts.

45. An act for widening land repairing the road leading from Horsham in the county of Sussex, through Capell, Dorking, Mickleham and Leatherhead, to the watch-house in Ebbisham in the county of Surry; and from Capell, to Stem Street in the parish of Ockley in the said county of Surry.

46. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge in the county of Warwick, through the town of Southam in the same county, to the borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the village of Adderbury in the same county, through Kidlington, to the Mile-way leading towards the city of Oxford; and also the road leading from a place called the Two Mile Tree near the city of Oxford, over Gosford, otherwise Gossard Bridge, to a certain gate entering upon Weston on the Green in the said county.

47. An act for repairing and widening the road from The Hand and Post at the top of Burford Lane in the county of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge in the county of Warwick; and also the road from The Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to The Hand and Post in the parish of Dowdeswell in the county of Gloucester.

48. An act for repairing and widening the roads therein mentioned, lying within the borough of Droitwich in the county of Worcester, or leading from the said borough, to the several places therein mentioned in the said county.

49. An act for repairing and widening the road from Chudleigh Bridge in the parish of Hennock in the county of Devon, through the town and borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge in the parish of South Brent in the said county.

50. An act for amending and widening the roads from the west end of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth in the county of York, to a place called Blue Bell, near Colne in the county of Lancaster, and from a place called the Two Laws, to Keighley in the said county of York.

51. An act for repairing and widening the road from Thirsk, ewer Shipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor in the way to Rippon, and through Ainderby Quernhow and Nesterfield, by Well-flashes Gate, to Masham in the county of York; and likewise for removing the toll-house and turnpike-gates at Busby Stobb in the said county, to some other convenient place in the road leading from Borough Bridge to the city of Durham.

52. An act for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual two acts of parliament made in the second and seventeenth years of his present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the roads from Coleshill in the county of Warwick, through the city of Litchfield, to Stone in the county of Stafford, and from thence to the city of Chester, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned; and for enlarging the term and powers in the said several acts.

53. An act for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale to Burnley in the county of Lancaster.

54. An act to enable the reverend William Markham doctor of laws, and Thomas Salter esquire, to build houses, and open a square in and upon a certain piece of ground called Dean's Yard Westminster, and several pieces of ground contiguous thereto.

55. An act for building a bridge over the water or haven between the town of Sandwich, and the opposite shore in the county of Kent.

56. An act to enable the parishioners of the parish of the Holy Trinity, in Guldeford in the county of Surry, to sell divers houses, lands, rents and annuities in the said parish, and in Stoke next Guldeford aforesaid; and to apply the money arising by sale thereof, towards rebuilding their parish church, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell, to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton in the county of Surry.

58. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Manchester, by a place called the White Smithy in the township of Crumpsal, to the town of Rochdale, and from the said place called the White Smithy, by a place called Besses of the Barn, to the town of Bury, and from the said place called Besses of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge in the county palatine of Lancaster.

59. An act for repairing, widening, and amending the road from Cocking End, near Addingham in the west riding of the county of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End in the county palatine of Lancaster.

60. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Leeds in the west riding of the county of York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton in the county of Lancaster, and from Skipton, thro' Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Preston in the said county of Lancaster.

