Public Acts passed in 1756, 29 George 2 c.1 - c.94.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 21.
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

2. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six; and for the relief of the inhabitants of the city and county of the city of Lincoln, in respect of arrears of the land tax.

3. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

4. An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s land forces and marines.

5. An act to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants who have served abroad as officers, or engineers, to act and rank as officers, or engineers, in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

6. An act for the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on shore.

7. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two millions, to be raised by way of annuities and a lottery, and charged on the sinking fund, redeemable by parliament; and for extending to Ireland the laws made in this kingdom, against private and unlawful lotteries.

8. An act to repeal a clause in an act made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to oblige ships more effectually to perform their quarentine; and for the better preventing the plague being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whereby the stationing of ships infected with the plague, to the northward of Cap Finisterre, is confined to the harbour of New Grimsby, and removable to no other place; and for appointing a more safe and commodious place instead thereof.

9. An act for establishing a fund for payment of the bonds of the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level; and for exchanging the present bonds of the said corporation for other bonds, payable out of the revenues of the middle and south levels, part of the said great level; and for enabling the said corporation to borrow further sums, for the use of the said great level.

10. An act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain duties payable upon the importation and exportation of goods and merchandizes into or out of the harbour of the town and county of Poole; and also of ballast and boomage duties, payable in respect of ships and vessels coming into and going out of the said harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in repair, the said harbour, and the quays and wharfs; and for providing a proper place for keeping gunpowder in or near the said town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly watch, and enlightening the streets in the said town.

11. An act for the better supply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty’s ships of war, and on board merchant ships, and other trading ships and vessels.

12. An act for granting to his Majesty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable liquors; and for establishing a method for granting such licences in Scotland, and for allowing such licences to be granted at a petty session in England, in a certain case therein mentioned.

13. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on cards and dice.

14. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties payable by all persons, and bodies politick or corporate, having certain quantities of silver plate.

15. An act for granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported; and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax.

16. An act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of salt petre; and to enforce the law for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the exportation of gunpowder, or any sort of arms and ammunition; and to impower his Majesty to restrain the carrying coastwise of salt petre, gunpowder, or any sort of arms or ammunition.

17. An act to prevent his Majesty's subjects from serving as officers under the French King; and for the better enforcing an act passed in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, to prevent the inlisting his Majesty's subjects to serve as soldiers without his Majesty's licence; and for obliging such of his Majesty's subjects as shall accept commissions in the Scotch Brigade, in the service of the states general of the united provinces, to take the oaths of allegiance and abjuration.

18. An act to obviate a doubt arisen on an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for relief of insolvent debtors; and for relief of sheriffs and keepers of prisons, in respect to escapes, of such persons as were prevented by the said doubt from being discharged under the said act.

19. An act to impower judges of courts in cities and towns corporate, liberties and franchises to set fines on persons who shall be summoned to serve upon juries in such courts, and shall neglect to attend.

20. An act for erecting, maintaining, and supporting a light-house on the island of Little Cumray, in the county of Bute, at the mouth of the river Clyde, in North Britain; and for rendering the navigation in the frith and river of Clyde more safe and commodious.

21. An act for imbanking and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, called The Washes, lying and being in the several parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Ely, Witchford, Wentworth, Caveney, and Downham, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and of Bluntisham with Erith in the county of Huntingdon.

22. An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands in the Isle of Ely, and county of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouse, and bounded on the south by the hard lands of Mepall, Witham, Wentworth, Wichford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

23. An act for encouraging the fisheries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

24. An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund; and applying certain sums of money remaining in the exchequer, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty six.

25. An act for appointing a sufficient number of constables for the Service of the city and liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper performs to take upon them the office of jurymen, to prevent nuisances, and other offences, within the said city and liberty.

26. An act for further continuing an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty’s sugar colonies in America, to indemnify commissioners of the land tax for counties at large and ridings, who have acted by virtue of leasehold estates; and to obviate a doubt relating to the qualification of commissioners of the land tax, for the city and liberty of Westminster.

27. An act for extending the act of the twenty second year of his present Majesty, (for amending, explaining, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the government of his Majesty's ships, vessels, and forces by sea) to such officers, seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s ships or vessels employed upon the lakes, great waters, or rivers in North America.

28. An act for reviving and continuing an act for the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and for continuing an act made in the last session of parliament, to continue several laws relating to the distemper now raging among the horned cattle in this kingdom.

29. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise one million for the purpose therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

30. An act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen lead, iron, copper, brass, bell-metal, and solder, and for more effectually bringing the offenders to justice.

31. An act to enable infants, lunaticks, and femes covert, to surrender leases in order to renew the same.

32. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to the directions of several acts of parliament within the times limited by such acts respectively, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and concerning the admissions of officers and members of cities, corporations, and borough towns; and the filing of affidavits of articles of clerkship.

33. An act to render more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures and for better payment of their wages; and also an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture and for preventing disputes among the persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid act, in case of the payment of the workmens wages, in any other manner than in money.

34. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s navy.

35. An act for the better recruiting his Majesty’s forces on the continent of America; and for the better regulation of the army, and preventing of desertion there.

36. An act for inclosing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees fit for timber or underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees.

37. An act for regulating the proceedings in personal actions in the courts baron of the manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the county of York.

38. An act to enable the commissioners for building a bridge cross the river of Thames, from the city of Westminster, to the opposite shore in the county of Surry, to purchase houses and grounds, and to widen the ways, and make more safe and commodious the streets, avenues, and passages, leading from Charing Cross, to The two houses of parliament, Westminster Hall, and the courts of justice there, and Westminster Bridge; and to enable a less number of commissioners to execute the several acts relating to the said bridge, than at present are required by law; and for relief of George and James King, with regard to a lease taken by their late father from the said commissioners.

39. An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for making a free market for the sale of fish in the city of Westminster; and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fish; and for allowing the sale of fish, under the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign, in case the same are taken with a hook.

40. An act to improve, widen, and enlarge the passage over and thro' London Bridge.

41. An act for explaining and amending two acts of parliament, one made in the eleventh year of this Majesty's reign (For repairing the road from Shoreditch church, through Hackney to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath over Bethnal Green, to the turnpike at Mile End in the county of Middlesex) and the other made in the twenty sixth year of his Majesty’s reign (For enlarging the term and powers granted by the said former act) and for impowering the trustees to erect and maintain lamps, and keep a guard, upon the said roads in the night-time.

42. An act for enlarging the cemetery or church-yard of the parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts in the county of Surry.

43. An act for making and widening a road from the east side of the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnall Green in the county of Middlesex, to the east end of Church Street in the said parish; and to open a way or road into Shoreditch and keeping the same in repair.

44. An act to enable the trustees for repairing Old Street road, to repair, widen, and make a road from the sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the east side of Holy, Well Mount, and through a certain ground to the sign of The Lopdon Apprentice, in the parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair, and widen a road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old street road in the said county.

45. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from a pond belonging to Henry Eyre esquire, in the parish of Whiteparish in the county of Wilts, to the top of Dunwood Hill; and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey infra, to Hundred Bridge in the county of Southampton; and from thence to the county of the town of Southampton.

46. An act for repairing and widening the high roads from Basingstoke, through Popnam Lane, Sutton-Scotney and Stockbridge in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner in the county of Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the road from Spittle-house over Wey-hill, to Mullen's Pond in the said county of Southampton.

47. An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing, a nightly watch within the city of Bristol.

48. An act for rebuilding the common gaol for the county of Derby, upon a place called Nun's Green, in the liberty of the town of Derby; and for appointing a proper place for the safe Custody of prisoners, until such new gaol shall be compleated; and to impower the justices of the peace for the said county to pay the rent reserved to the corporation for the said ground, out of the county rates.

49. An act for repairing and widening the road from the eighteen mile stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the town of Mere in the county of Wilts, and through Wincanton, to Charlton Houthorn, and from thence to Milborne Port; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid, to the west end of Long Lane in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid, to the Sherborn turnpike cross-gate, on Cattle Hill; and from Wincanton, to Sparkford, in the county of Somerset.

50. An act for repairing and widening several roads leading from and near the town of Brewton in the county of Somerset.

51. An act for repairing and widening the several roads, from the town of Tewkesbury to Coscomb Gate; and from Isabel's Elm to the top of Gotherington Hill, in the county of Gloucester; and from Tewkesbury to a farm house, called The Old Blue Bell, and to the direction post in the parish of Ripple, and to Simmond's Ford brook, and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the county of Worcester; and from Tewkesbury to Wainload's Bridge, and to the road opposite to Elstone church, and from the market-house in Cheltenham, to the turnpike road from Burford to Gloucester, near a tree called Pewsdon Ash in the said county of Gloucester.

52. An act for repairing and widening the several roads leading from a gate called Poole Gate in the town and county of Poole.

53. An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and beetles, and cleaning, enlightening, and paving the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and repairing the highways and causways, and regulating the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the county of Middlesex.

54. An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of Harnham Hill, near the city of New Sarum, in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Blandford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain intrenchment on Askerwell Hill in the county of Dorset.

55. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending several roads leading from the city of Exeter.

56. An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield in the county of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge in the county of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain coal mines in the said parish.

57. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging and preserving the harbour of Ellenfoot in the county of Cumberland.

58. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the city of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury in the county of Gloucester.

59. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Market House, and elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow in the county of Salop.

60. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the Market House in the town of Much Wenlock in the county of Salop.

61. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Coleham Bridge in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common, to the May Pole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge, to Longdon in the county of Salop.

62. An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a lease or leases of certain pieces of ground, messuages, tenements and hereditaments, comprized within certain limits, for a longer term of years than they are at present enabled to grant.

63. An act to impower the churchwardens, overseers of the poor, and vestry of the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, to make a rate or rates for the relief of the poor, and the better repairing of the high-ways, and cleaning the streets within the said parish.

64. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Shrewsbury, to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shrey-hill in the county of Salop.

65. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, through the Welch Hall Lane, as far as the same county extends, and the several roads leading from Kington aforesaid, to Brilley’s Mountain, to Earnisley, to Almely, to Ecklcy's Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House in said the county of Hereford.

66. An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for applying an omission in an act passed in the last session of parliament, for repairing the roads from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch in the county of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that part of the said road which leads from the town of Hinckley in the county of Leicester, to the town of Nuneaton; and from thence through the parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworth, to Bishops Gate in the city of Coventry.

67. An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone in the parish of Urshfont, to Rowd Ford in the county of Wilts; and for changing and altering part of the said highways; and for repairing the road from the top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid.

68. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads from the town of Pool in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and also the road from Knockin in the county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader in Mochnant in the county of Denbigh.

69. An act for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, two several acts of parliament, one of them passed in the thirteenth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; and the other made in the eleventh year of his late majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former act.

70. An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the high road leading from Darlington in the county of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other roads in the said county therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same.

71. An act to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the roads from the town of Leeds through Harwood to the south west corner of the inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in two branches, out through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Borough-Bridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the first rill of water or watercourse on Hutton Moor in the county of York, and for repairing the sloughs or ruts on the said moor.

72. An act for changing and altering two several roads directed to be amended and widened by an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several roads leading from the borough of Truro in the county of Cornwall.

73. An act for building a bridge across the river Wye, from the town of Hay in the county of Brecon, to the opposite shore in the county of Radnor.

74. An act for the better supplying the city of Edinburgh with fresh and wholsome water.

75. An act for compleating and finishing a new church; and laying out and inclosing a cemetery thereto, in the island of Portland.

76. An act for enlarging and altering the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, for effectually amending and repairing the road leading from Wansford Bridge in the county of Northampton, to the town and borough of Stamford in the county of Lincoln; and for repairing the road from the borough of Stamford to Stappleford Bridge, in the parish of Ryhall in the county of Rutland: and from thence to Bourne in the county of Lincoln.

77. An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Farringdon in the county of Berks, to the town of Cricklade, and from thence to the town of Malmesbury in the county of Wilts, and the road from thence to join the turnpike road at Acton Turville in the county of Gloucester; and also the rood from Tetbury in the said county, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge; and the road from Sherston, to join the turnpike road leading from Tetbury to Bath.

78. An act for the better paving and amending, cleaning, enlightening and watching the streets, highways, lanes and passages, within the town of Shrewsbury in the county of Salop.

79. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, in the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford in the county of Suffolk.

80. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes in the county of York, to Barnard Castle in the county of Durham; and from thence through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland; and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge; and from thence by Milderston Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge in the county of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

81. An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from a place called Fryer Bacon's Study, to Chilton Pond; and from the top of Hinksey Hill, to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the road leading to Farringdon in the county of Berks.

82. An act for repairing and widening the road from the White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffield and Chesterfield in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield in the county of York: and from the said town of Duffield, to the Moot Hall in the town of Wirksworth in the said county of Derby.

83. An act for repairing and widening the high road from the borough of Ripon by Ingram Bank, to the town of Pately Bridge in the county of York.

84. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the north end of Dunsby Lane, to the south west corner of Riseholm Hedge, and to Catholm Gate, Drinsey Nooke, and Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries, and from the north end of Waddington Field, and the bridge over the river Witham, at Bracebridge, to the city of Lincoln, and from the gate at the foot of Canwicke Hill, to the great bargates of the said city; and for enforcing the performance of statute-work upon the highways, communicating with the said roads, to a certain distance from the said roads.

85. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading from the east side of Lincoln Heath, to the city of Peterborough; and from the east end of Marbam Lane, to the town of Walton in the county of Northampton; and from the town of Bourn, to the town of Costerworth; and from Donington High Bridge, to the cross post in the parish of Hacconby; and from the east end of a lane called Hale Drove, to and through the town of Old Sleaford, to the end of Long Hedge in the parish of Quarrington in the county of Lincoln.

86. An act for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from Black Fryars in the city of London, to the opposite side in the county of Surry.

87. An act for regulating the nightly watch and beadels, and better enlightening, paving, and cleaning the streets and other passages, and repairing the highways within the parishes of Saint John Wapping, Saint Paul Shadwell, the hamlet of Ratcliffe, the parish of Saint Anne in the county of Middlesex, and the precinct of Well Close in the liberty of the Tower of London.

88. An act to enable the respective trustees of the turnpike roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in the county of Middlesex, to make a new road from the great northern road at Islington, to the Edgware road near Paddington, and also from the north end of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye House Fields, into the said new road; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several acts for repairing the said road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge.

89. An act for rebuilding the parish church, and enlarging the church yard of Saint John of Wapping, in the county of Middlesex.

90. An act to enable the proprietors and inhabitants of houses in York Buildings, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the county of Middlesex, to make and levy a rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the expence of rebuilding or repairing of the terrace walk and water-gate, and such other part of the premises adjoining to the river Thames and belonging to the said buildings, as shall be judged necessary, and for keeping the same in repair for the future.

91. An act for explaining and making more effectual an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the east end of Brampton High Lane in the comity of York, to the town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the towns of Askrigg and Ingleton in the said county, to the town of Lancaster in the county of Lancaster; and also for repairing the road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gilling, Melsonby and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Lousy Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatherly Moor.

92. An act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an act of parliament made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the top of White Sheet Hill in the parish of Donbead Saint Andrew in the county of Wilts, through the towns of Shaftsbury, Milborne Port and Sherborne, in the counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half-way House in the parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said county of Dorset, and several other roads near the towns of Sbaftsbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other roads adjoining to the roads in the said former act mentioned.

93. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act for repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham in the county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other roads therein mentioned, and the road from Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen in the parish of Whitford, and also the road from Broughton to Mold in the county of Flint.

94. An act for amending, repairing, and widening the roads leading from the Rye-way in the parish of Yarpole in the county of Hereford to Presteigne in the county of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and from Presteigne aforesaid, to the top of Trap Hill, and from the Rye-way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooserton in the county of Salop.

