Acts passed in 1757, 30 George 2 c.1 - c.69.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 22.
---

1. To prohibit, for a time to be limited, the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit and starch.

2. To make provision for the quartering of the foreign troops in his Majesty’s service, now in this kingdom.

3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for discharging certain arrears of land taxes incurred before the time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of arrears for the future.

4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and concerning the interest to be paid for monies to be borrowed as well on the credit of this act, as on the credit of an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax.

5. For granting to his Majesty a sum not exceeding one million fifty thousand and five pounds, and five shillings, to be raised by way of lottery.

6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. To discontinue for a limited time the duties upon corn and flour imported; and also upon such corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit and flour, as have been or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

8. For the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s land forces and marines.

9. To prohibit for a limited time the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, starch, beef, pork, bacon, and other victual (except fish and roots and rice, to be exported to any port of Europe southward of Cape Finisterre) from his Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the said colonies and plantations; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral ships; and to allow the exportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal and flour, from Great Britain to the isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there.

10. To prohibit for a limited time the making of low wines and spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal or flour.

11. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on shore.

12. To amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to render more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manufactures, and for better payment of their wages; and also an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, for the better regulation of the woollen manufacture; and for preventing disputes among the persons concerned therein; and for limiting a time for prosecuting for the forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid act, in case of payment of the workmens wages in any other manner than in money.

13. To rectify a mistake in an act passed this session of parliament, intituled, An act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty's land forces and marines.

14. For continuing an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act to discontinue, for a limited time, the duties upon corn, and flour imported; and also upon such corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit and flour, as have been, or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom.

15. For continuing an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act to prohibit, for a limited time the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain; or from any meal or flour.

16. To extend the liberty granted by an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his present Majesty, of importing bar iron from his Majesty’s colonies in America, into the port of London, to the rest of the ports of Great Britain; and for repealing certain clauses in the said act.

17. For the importation of fine organzined Italian thrown silk.

18. For the relief and encouragement of the captors of prizes, with respect to the hringing and landing prize goods in this kingdom.

19. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertisements and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the sums of money arising from the surplus of the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and for raising the sum of three millions, by annuities, to be charged on the said rates, duties and sums of money; and for making perpetual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better regulation of attornies and solicitors; and for enlarging the time for filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks and apprentices.

20. More effectually to prevent the spreading of the distemper now raging amongst the horned cattle in this kingdom.

21. For the more effectual preservation and improvement of the spawn and fry of fish in the river of Thames, and waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the fishery thereof.

22. To explain and amend an act made in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, to prevent the misbehaviour of the drivers of carts in the streets in London, Westminster, and the limits of the weekly bills of mortality; and for other purposes in this act mentioned.

23. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

24. For the more effectual punishment of persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, possession of goods or money, by false or untrue pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of goods; for the easy redemption of goods pawned; and for preventing gaming in publick houses by journeymen, labourers, servants and apprentices.

25. For the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

26. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund; and applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, and the savings out of the monies granted in this session of parliament for the pay of the troops of Hanover, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for relief of Claud Johnson, with respect to a bond entered into by him, for securing the duties on tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

27. For enlarging the times for the first meetings of commissioners or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

28. To render more effectual the several laws now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom.

29. To indemnify persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of prohibited, uncustomed, or other goods or merchandize, upon certain terms therein mentioned.

30. For allowing a further bounty on vessels employed in the white herring fishery; for giving liberty to alter the present form and size of the nets used in the said fishery; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. To explain, amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the churchwardens, overseers and inhabitants of the parish of Saint Saviour in the borough of Southwark in the county of Surrey, to hold a market within the said parish, not interfering with the high street in the said borough.

32. For draining and preserving certain marshland fen lands and low grounds in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the county of Norfolk.

33. for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the several parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground and Water-newton in the county of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

34. To enable the commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, to widen the street or avenue leading from Cockspur Street, to the passage in Spring Garden, near Saint James's park.

35. For draining and preserving certain fen lands lying in the South Level, part of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the said great level, to sell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

36. For draining and preserving certain fen lands, low grounds and commons in the townships or hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the parish of Upwell in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge.

37. For enlarging the times limited for executing and performing several provisions, powers and directions in certain acts of this session of parliament.

38. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town of Tenbury in the counties of Salop, Worcester and Hereford.

39. For repairing and widening several roads leading to, thro’ and from the town of Frome in the county of Somerset; and for giving further powers to the trustees in an act passed in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for repairing the roads from the town of Warminster in the county of Wilts, to the city of Bath in the county of Somerset, and other roads therein mentioned.

40. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the third, and the other in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from a gate called Shipston Toll-gate at Bridgetown in the parish of Old Stratford in the county of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill in the said county of Warwick; and also for repairing the road leading from the first mile-stone standing on the said Shipston road, through a lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a place called Andover's Ford, in the county of Gloucester.

41. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the turnpike road at the bottom of Shaw Hill, in the parish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corsham, Biddestone, and West Yatton, to the turnpike road at Upper Combe, in the parish of Castlecombe, in the county of Wilts.

42. For the ascertaining and collecting the poor’s rates; and for the better ordering and regulating the poor in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex.

43. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Hitchin in the county of Hertford, through the town of Shefford and Carrington Cotton End, to a lane opposite a farm house called Saint Leonard's, leading into the turnpike road from Saint Alban's, to the town of Bedford; and also the road from the turning-out of the aforesaid road into Henlow Field, to Gerford Bridge; and also the road from the town of Henlow, over Henlow Bridge, to Arlesey in the county of Bedford.

44. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road, leading from Burleigh Bridge in the the town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester.

45. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the east end of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford, through Watton, to Broadwater; and from the town of Ware, through Watton, to the north end of the town of Walkern in the said county.

46. For amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in repair, the road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the parish of Corsham, in the county of Wilts, to Bath-Easton Bridge, in the county of Somerset.

47. For making the river Blyth navigable from Halesworth Bridge, in the county of Suffolk, into the haven of Southwould.

48. For repairing and widening the road from Towcester, through Silverston and Bradley, in the county of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the parish of Weston on the Green, in the county of Oxford.

49. For repairing and widening the road from Markfield turnpike, in the county of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Charnwood forest, through the town of Whitwick; and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the road leading from the town of Loughborough, to the town of Ashby de la Zouch in the said county, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a place called Snape Gate.

50. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from the village of Milford, in the county of Surry, thro' Petworth, to the top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the county of Sussex.

51. For explaining and amending several acts of parliament for repairing the roads between a place called the White Post, on Alconbury Hill and Wanford Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, and between Norman Cross Hill, in the said county, and the city of Peterborough, with respect to the elections of new trustees, the power of compelling persons employed by the trustees In the execution of such acts, to deliver up such books and papers relating thereto as are in their custody, and also to the manner of summoning and holding the meetings of the trustees.

52. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the Cow Cawsey, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford; and from thence to Buckton Burny in the county of Northumberland; and for making the same more effectual.

53. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two acts of parliament, one passed in the fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George, and the other in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from Crown Corner in the town of Reading, leading by and through the several parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton.

54. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two several acts, passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the roads from a place called The Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliff, to the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York; and the other for repairing the road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a place called Weeland, in the township of Hensall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the township of Darrington in the west riding of the county of York.

55. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Ribble, between the townships of Preston and Penwortham, near a place called The Fish House, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

56. For rebuilding and keeping in repair the shire hall of the county of Warwick.

57. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to certain roads mentioned in the said act; and also to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow; and to repair several other roads leading into the said city; and for building a bridge cross the river of Inchinnan.

58. For enlarging the term, and amending and altering several powers granted by an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign,for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the haven of Southwould, in the county of Suffolk.

59. For building a bridge over the river Lea, at or near a place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening, roads from thence into the great roads at Snaresbrook in the county of Essex, and at Clapton in the county of Middlesex.

60. For repairing and widening the road from the north end of Dapdon wharf, in the parish of Stoke, next Guldeford, through Guideford to Andrew's Crows, and to Alfold Bars in the county of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate in Arundel, in the county of Sussex.

61. For repairing the road from a place called The Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the county of Surrey, to Hertfordbridge Hill, in the county of Southampton.

62. For making the river Ivel, and the branches thereof, navigable, from the river Ouze, at Tempsford, in the county of Bedford, to Shotling-Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill, in the parish of Hitchin, in the county of Hertford; and to Black Horse Mill, in the parish of Bygrave, in the said county of Hertford; and to the south and north bridges in the town of Shifford, in the said county of Bedford.

63. For building a bridge or bridges cross the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite shore in the county of Surry.

64. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament of the first and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several roads leading to and from the borough of Evesham, in the county of Worcester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said acts; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads in the counties of Worcester, Warwick, and Gloucester.

65. For cleansing, paving, and lightening, the streets of the city of Bath, and liberties thereof; and for regulating chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated watch in the nighttime, in the said city and liberties; and to oblige all owners of houses, and other buildings, within the said city and liberties, to bring down the water from the roofs of their houses, and other buildings by proper pipes, down the sides or walls of such houses and buildings; and also to oblige all coal carriages to pass by the borough walls of the said city during the night season.

66. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the last session of parliament, For repairing and widening several reads leading from a gate called Poole Gate, in the town and county of Poole.

67. For enlarging the terms and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the highways between the top of Kingsdown Hill and the city of Bath, and for amending several other highways therein mentioned, leading to the said city; and also for repairing several other roads therein mentioned.

68. For repairing and widening the roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littleworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the county of Northampton, adjoining the high road there.

69. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the county of Flint; and from the town of Mold, to Northopp, Holywell, and Rhuddlan, in the same county; and from thence to the Ferry House opposite to the town of Conway, in the county of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said town of Mold.

