Acts passed in 1758, 31 George 2 c.1 - c.78.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 22.
---

1. For continuing certain laws made in the last session of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and for prohibiting the making of low wines and spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to allow the transportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to the Isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an act made in the same session, for discontinuing the duties upon corn and flour imported, and upon corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit, and flour, taken from the enemy; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral ships; and to authorise his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of such quantities of the commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the sustentation of any forces in the pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty’s allies acting in support of the common cause; and to prohibit the payment of any bounty upon the exportation of any of the said commodities to be made during the continuance of this act.

2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight.

3. For allowing the importation of such fine Italian organzine silk into this kingdom from any port or place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the day therein mentioned.

4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for inforcing the payment of the rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand.

5. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

6. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

7. For appointing commissioners for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for enforcing the payment of the rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; and for rectifying a mistake in the said act; and for allowing farther time to the receivers of certain aids, for setting insuper for monies in arrear.

8. For enlarging the terms and powers granted and continued by several acts of parliament, for repairing the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent.

9. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, and others, who have omitted to register their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes, and the filing of affidavits of articles of clerkship.

10. For the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments.

11. To amend an act made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the better explanation, and supplying the details of the former laws for the settlement of the poor, so far as the same relates to apprentices gaining a settlement by indenture; and also to impower justices of the peace to determine differences between masters and mistresses and their servants in husbandry, touching their wages, though such servants are hired for less time than a year.

12. To encourage the growth and cultivation of madder in that part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the tithe thereof there.

13. For allowing a further time for holding the first meetings of commissioners or trustees for putting in execution certain acts made in the last session of parliament.

14. For further explaining the laws touching the electors of knights of the shire to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

15. For the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lisbon in the kingdom of Portugal.

16. To enforce and render more effectual an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for making satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to establish a method of managing the same, and applying the rents and profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future.

17. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for appointing a sufficient number of constables for the service of the city and liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of jurymen, to present nusances and other offences within the said city and liberty.

18. For draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded on the south east by the hard lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to sell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

19. For draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

20. For applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament, for rebuilding London Bridge; and for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the passage over and through London Bridge.

21. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

22. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions; and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties.

23. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the western division of the hundred of Brixton in the county of Surry.

24. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Great Yarmouth, and the liberties thereof.

25. For establishing a free market for the sale of corn and grain, within the city or liberty of Westminster.

26. To explain, amend, and enforce an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

27. For repealing an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty, to restrain the making insurances on foreign ships bound to or from the East Indies.

28. To permit the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

29. For the due making of bread; and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

30. For applying the money granted by parliament towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for defraying the expences incurred on account of the militia, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

31. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out or the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for empowering the proper officers to make forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for obliging the retailers of wines, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, to take out a wine licence.

32. For repealing the duty granted by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, on silver plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked in Great Britain; and for granting a duty on licences, to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or silver plate; and for discontinuing all drawbacks upon silver plate exported; and for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses in the marking or damping of gold or silver plate.

33. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

34. For enlarging the times for the first meetings of commissioners or trustees, for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

35. To continue several laws therein mentioned, for granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majesty’s sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly into foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; for the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; and for preventing frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals in the city and liberty of Westminster ; and for preventing the dealing or destroying of madder roots.

36. For continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to British sail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; and to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; and to the encouragement of the trade of the sugar colonies in America; and to the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before the duties of excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign exciseable liquors; and for the relief of Thomas Watson, with regard to the drawback on certain, East Indian callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new passage leading from Charing Cross.

37. To permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt now lying in his Majesty’s storehouses; and to allow the bounty upon such corn and malt as was shipped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited time; and to authorize the transportation of flour, meal, bread, and biscuit, to the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for the use of the inhabitants there, in lieu of the wheat, malt or barley, which may now, by law, be transported to those islands.

38. For applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and securing the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke.

39. For vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty’s docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the town of Portsmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in trustees, for certain uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

40. To ascertain the weight of trusses of straw, and to punish deceits in the sale of hay and straw in trusses in London, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within the distance of thirty miles thereof; and to prevent common salesmen of hay and straw from buying the same on their own account, to sell again; and also to restrain salesmen, brokers, or factors, in cattle, from buying on their own account, to sell again, any live cattle in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, or which are driving up thereto.

41. To amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for inclosing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preferring trees fit for timber or underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees.

42. For making perpetual several acts therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine on the northern borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty’s subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice; and also two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or sea bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds; for the more effectual punishment of persons maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or canal coal; and of persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forests or chases; or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forests, chases, or parks; and also so much of an act as relates to the power of appealing to the circuit courts in civil cases, in Scotland.

43. For repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis.

44. For repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge-foot, in the town of Chepstow, in the county of Monmouth; and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester.

45. For ascertaining and collecting the poors rates, and for better regulating the poor in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the county of Surry.

46. To amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for building a bridge or bridges cross the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith, or Smith’s Hill, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey.

47. For the more easy and speedy repairing of publick bridges within the county of Devon.

48. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament passed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid; and for making the said act more effectual.

49. For amending several roads leading from the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

50. For repairing and widening the roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

51. For repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge in the county of Devon, to Gasking Gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

52. For enlarging the term granted by an act made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town and parish of Preston Pans, in the shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

53. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act for erecting hospitals and workhouses within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there.

54. For repealing so much of the act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Cirencester Town's End to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester, as directs that the inhabitants of the several parishes and hamlets therein named, shall pass toll free; and for repairing the street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town's End there; and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the said two former acts.

55. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for repairing the post road from the city of Edinburgh, through the counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boat-house Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the town of Linlithgow, and from the said town of Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling ; and also from Falkirk to Kilsyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the post road to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross Almond Water.

56. For enlarging the powers granted by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for rendering more effectual the several acts passed for the erecting of hospitals and workhouses within the city of Bristol; for the better employing and maintaining of the poor thereof; and for making the said act more effectual.

57. For making more effectual four several acts of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne; in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First; and in the tenth and thirteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty respectively, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton to Dunchurch, in the county of Warwick.

58. To continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the county of Warwick.

59. For building a bridge cross the river Trent, at or near a place call Wilden Ferry.

60. To enlarge, alter, and render more effectual, the term and powers of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield in the county of Derby; and from Chesterfield to Worksop in the county of Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned.

61. For repairing and widening the road from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to Cricklade in the county of Wilts.

62. For repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby; and from the Guide Post near Barber's Field Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidswell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby.

63. For repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York.

64. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from the city of Gloucester to Stone, and ether roads therein mentioned; and for making the said act more effectual; and the other passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for continuing two acts of parliament, the one passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for amending the several roads leading from the city of Bristol; and the other passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same act, and for making the said acts more effectual; and also for repairing other roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads.

65. For repairing and widening the roads from Tetbury, to the gates on the west of Simond's Hall Down; and from the turnpike gate at the top of Frocester Hill, to the turnpike road from Cirencester towards Bath; and from the field called Bouldown Sleight, to the end of a lane adjoining to the road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tiltup's Inn; and from the Market House in Tetbury, to the turnpike road on Minchin Hampton Common; and from the said road in Minchin Hampton Field, unto the turnpike road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash; and from the said turnpike road, to Tayloe’s Millpond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the bottom of Bourn Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

66. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the county of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the said county of Wilts.

67. For widening and repairing several roads leading from the Welch Gate and Cotton Hill, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

68. For amending the road leading from Pengate in the parish of Westbury, in the county of Wilts, to Latchet’s Bridge, near tha east end of Market Lavington; and also the road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the turnpike road near Dewey's Water; and also the road leading from Bolesborough, to Studley Lane End; and also the road leading from Yarnbrook, to the turnpike road at Melksham, in the said county of Wilts.

69. To continue and render more effectual an act made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for laying a duty of two pennies scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof

70. To enable the trustees appointed for putting in execution an act passed in this session of parliament, intituled, An act for repealing so much of an act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Cirencester Town’s end to Saint John’s Bridge, in the county of Gloucester, as directs that the inhabitants of the several parishes and hamlets therein named, shall pass tollfree; and for repairing the street from the High Cross in Cirencester, to the town's end there, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the said two former acts; to reduce all or any of the tolls granted by the said act; and for appointing additional trustees for putting the said acts in execution.

71. For regulating, governing, preserving, and improving, the oyster fishery in the river Colne, and waters thereto belonging.

72. For extending the navigation of the river Colder, to or near to Sowerby Bridge in the parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the river Heble, Halig or Halifax Brook, from Brooksmouth to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the county of York.

73. For repairing and widening the roads from Chawton Pond, in the parish of Chawton, in the county of Southampton, through Rumsdean Bottom, Westmeon, Warnford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the town of Gosport; and from Exton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the east end of Sherrill Heath, in the said county.

74. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Bishop's Waltham, in the county of Southampton, over the top of the down called Stephen's Castle Down, and through Salt Lane and Tichborne, to the town of New Alresford; and from the Market House in the said town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the town of Odiham in the said county.

75. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stockbridge, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Winchester; and from the said city, through Bellmour Lane, to the top of Steven's Castle Down, near the town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said county; and from the said city of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the town and county of the town of Southampton.

76. For relief of the coalheavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make a provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans.

77. For repairing and widening the road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spital or Somerset Street, in the parish of Stoake, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surry.

78. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Guldeford, to the Directing Post near the town of Farnham, in the county of Surrey.

