Acts passed in 1759, 32 George 2 c.1 - c.71.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 22.
---

1. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to permit the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and to amend the said act.

2. To continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and also to continue, for a farther time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from bran.

3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

5. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

6. To explain and amend an act passed in the twenty second year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the town and borough of Southwark, and the several parishes of Saint Saviour, Saint Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary at Rotherhith, in the county of Surrey, and the several precincts and liberties of the same; and for extending the powers and provisions of the said act to such part of the eastern half of the hundred of Brixton, in the said county, as is not included in the said act.

7. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

8. For taking off the prohibition of the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch.

9. For the regulation of his Majesty’s marine forces while on shore.

10. For granting to his Majesty a subsidy of poundage upon certain goods and merchandizes to be imported into this kingdom; and an additional inland duty on coffee and chocolate; and for raising the sum of six millions six hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said subsidy and additional inland duty.

11. To permit the free importation of cattle from Ireland for a limited time.

12. To discontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon tallow imported from Ireland.

13. For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the parishes of Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton, and the parish of Colne, in the county of Huntingdon.

14. For the more regular and easy collecting, accounting for, and paying, of post fines, which shall be due to the crown, or to grantees thereof under the crown; and for the ease of sheriffs in respect to the same.

15. For the better preservation of the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

16. To continue, amend, explain, and render more effectual, an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames, and to prevent putting of rubbish, ashes, dirt, or soil, into the said river, and in the streets, pastages, and kennells, in London, and in the suburbs thereof in Middlesex, and in Westminster, and such part of the dutchy of Lancaster as is in Middlesex; and for allowing a certain quantity of dung, compost, earth, or soil, to be yearly shipped as ballad from the laystalls in London on board any collier or coasting vessel.

17. For obviating a doubt with respect to the summoning of persons for offences committed against, or forfeitures incurred by, the laws of excise.

18. To continue so much of an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; and to the relief of the officers of the customs in informations upon seizures; and to appropriate certain penalties mentioned in an act made in the last session of parliament, for the due making of bread; and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

19. To explain and amend an act passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds; and upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks; and upon licences for retailing wine; and other purposes in the said act mentioned; so far as the same relates to some provisions with regard to licences for retailing wine; and to preserve the privileges of the two universities in that part of Great Britain called England, with respect to licences for retailing wine.

20. For enforcing the execution of the laws relating to the militia; and for removing certain difficulties, and preventing inconveniencies, attending, or which may attend, the same.

21. For applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia from the thirty first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, to the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

22. For adding certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, to the joint stock of three per centum annuities, consolidated by the acts of the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, and twenty ninth, years of his present Majesty’s reign; and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the sinking fund; and for charging the annuities on single lives, granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, on the produce of the said fund.

23. To continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the premium upon masts, yards, and bowsprits, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty’s plantations in America; to the securing the duties upon foreign made sail cloth, and charging foreign made sails with a duty; and for enlarging the time for payment of the duties omitted to be paid on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and also for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contracts of clerks to attornies or sollicitors, and filing thereof.

24. To amend an act made in the last session of parliament, for repealing the duty granted by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty on silver plate, and for granting a duty on licences to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or silver plate, by permitting the sale of gold or silver plate in small quantities without licence; and by granting a duty instead of the duty now payable upon licences to be taken out by certain dealers in gold or silver plate; and also a duty upon licences to be taken out by pawnbrokers dealing in gold or silver plate, and refiners of gold or silver.

25. To explain and amend an act made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for the better prevention of piracies and robberies by crews of private ships of war.

26. For applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and securing the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke; and to amend and render more effectual an act of last session of parliament, for applying a sum of money towards fortifying the said harbour.

27. For continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effectual, an act made in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act more effectually to prevent the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

28. For relief of debtors with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of, and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit.

29. For further regulating the power of taking samples of foreign spirituous liquors by the officers of excise; and also for impowering the traders to take such samples before the duties are charged.

30. For making compensation to the proprietors of such lands and hereditaments as have been purchased for the better securing his Majesty’s docks, ships, and shores, at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, and for better fortifying the town of Portsmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in pursuance of an act of the last session of parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine; and for relief of Samuel Taylor, with respect to a bond entered into by him for securing the duties on tobacco imported.

32. For the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation of cambricks and French lawns.

33. To explain and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions; and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties; so far as the same relates to the rates and duties on offices and pensions.

34. For the better preventing the importation of the woollen manufactures of France into any of the ports in the Levant sea, by or on the behalf of any of his Majesty’s subjects; and for the more effectual preventing the illegal importation of raw silk and mohair yarn into this kingdom.

35. For augmenting the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of King’s Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer at Westminster, the judges in the courts of Session and Exchequer in Scotland, and justices of Chester, and the great sessions for the counties in Wales.

36. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

37. For repairing and widening the high road leading from the town of Mansfield in the county of Nottingham, through the towns of Pleasley, Glapwell, Heath, and Normenton, and the liberty of Hasland, to the turnpike road leading from the town of Derby, to the town of Chesterfield in the county of Derby. 

38. For repairing and widening the roads from Chappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Newhaven; and from The Four-Lane-Ends near Oakerthorpe, to Ashborne; and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor, to join the road leading from Chesterfield, to Chappel-en-le-Frith, at or near Longston in the county of Derby; and from Selfton, to Annesley Wood-house in the county of Nottingham.

39. For repairing and widening the roads from the east end of the town of Chard, to the south end of West Moor; and from the west end of the Yeovil turnpike road, through Ilmister, to Kenny Gate; and from the west end of Pease Marsh Lane, to Horton Elm; and from Saint Raine Hill, to Ilmister, and from White Cross, to Chillington Down; and from a place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Bridge Cross in the county of Somerset.

40. For repairing several roads leading to the town of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset; and for amending and rendering more effectual several acts for amending several roads from the cities of Gloucester and Bristol, and several other roads in the said acts mentioned, in the counties of Somerset and Gloucester.

41. For repairing and widening the road from the cross at Broken Cross in Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, through Macclesfield Forest, to the present turnpike road at the south end of the township of Buxton, in the county of Derby.

42. For making the river Stort navigable, in the counties of Hertford and Essex, from the New Bridge in the town of Bishop Stortford, into the river Lee, near a place called The Rye, in the county of Hertford.

43. For repairing and widening the road from Chesterfield to the turnpike road at Hernstone-Lane-Head; and also the road branching from the said road upon the East Moor, through Baslow and Wardlow, to the joining of the said roads again near Wardlow Mires; and also the road leading between the said road and branch from Calver-Bridge, to Bastow Bridge; and also the road from the turnpike road near Newhaven House, to the turnpike road near Grindleford Bridge, in the county of Derby.

44. To continue, amend, and make effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the roads from the north-west parts of the county of Lincoln, through Nettlam Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the Wolds, or North-east part of the said county; and also for repairing and widening the roads from the Well, in Eastgate in the city of Lincoln, and from the north-west end of Horncastle, and from the Guide Post at the east end of Hainton, through Barkwith, to the roads directed to be repaired by the said act.

45. For repairing, widening, and rendering safe and commodious, several roads leading from the town of Southmolton in the county of Devon.

46. For repairing and widening the road from a place called The Old Gallows, in the parish of Sunning, in the county of Berks, through Wokingham, New Bracknowl, and Sunning Hill, to Virginia Water, in the parish of Egham, in the county of Surry.

47. To amend and explain an act made in the third year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for making navigable the river Stroud water, in the county of Gloucester, from the river Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the town of Stroud, in the same county.

48. For repairing the road from Wakefield to Austerlands, in the west riding of the county of York.

49. For the better enlightening and cleaniing the open places, streets, squares, lanes, courts, and other passages, within the part of the manor and liberty of Norton Folgate, otherwise Norton Folley, in the county of Middlesex, which is extraparochial: and regulating the nightly watch and beadles therein.

50. For repairing and widening the roads from Oxdown Gate, in Popham Lane, in the city of Winchester; and from the said city, through Hursley, to Chandler's Ford; and from Hursley aforesaid, to the turnpike road at Romsey; and from the said turnpike road, through Ringwood, in the county of Southampton, to Longham Bridge and Winborne Minster, in the county of Dorset.

51. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the powers granted by several acts of parliament for repairing several roads leading to the city of Bath; and for amending several other roads near the said city.

52. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from the Hollow Way on the west side of lord Clifford's park gate, where the Exeter turnpike road ends, to a place called Biddaford, in the county of Devon.

53. For repairing and widening the roads from Grantham, in the county of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge; and from Chappel Bar, near the west end of the town of Nottingham, to Saint Mary's Bridge in the town of Derby; and from the guide post in the parish of Lenton, to Sawley Ferry.

54. For repairing and widening the road from Dewsbury to Ealand, in the west riding of the county of York.

55. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Mold to the town of Denbigh, and from thence to Tal-y-Cafn and Conway; and from the town of Wrexham to the towns of Ruthin, Denbigh, and the town and port of Ruthland, in the counties of Denbigh, Flint, and Carnarvon.

56. For laying a duty of two pennies scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every scots pint of ale, porter, and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kelso, in the shire of Roxburgh, for finishing a bridge cross the river Tweed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

57. For repairing and widening the roads from a place called Little-gate, at the top of Leadenham Hill, in the county of Lincoln, to the west end of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent; and from the guide post at the division of Kelham and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield; and from Southwell to Oxton; in the county of Nottingham.

58. For establishing, regulating, and maintaining a nightly watch, and for enlightening the open places and streets, within the town of Guildford in the county of Surrey.

59. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for erecting a workhouse in the town and borough of Plymouth in the county of Devon; and for setting the poor on work, and maintaining them there; and for obliging the mayor and commonalty of Plymouth to contribute towards the county rates of Devon; and for applying, for the relief of the poor in the said workhouse, certain surplus monies which have formerly arisen by the assessments for raising the land tax in the said town.

60. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Derby to the town of Newcastle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford.

61. For discharging the inhabitants of the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, from the custom of grinding their corn and grain, except malt, at certain water corn mills in the said town, called The School Mills; and for making a proper recompence to the feoffees of such mills.

62. For improving the navigation of the river Clyde to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city to the village of Gorbells.

63. To continue and amend two acts, one made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and the other in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads leading from Chippenham, and for repairing several roads leading from Chippenham Bridge; and to repeal so much of an act made in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road between the said bridge and Lower Stanton in the county of Wilts.

64. For making and completing the navigation of the river Wear, from and including South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, in the county of Durham, to the city of Durham; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and part and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham; as relates to making the said river navigable between the said two places called South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and New Bridge, in the county of Durham.

65. For continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better preservation and improvement of the river Wear, and port and haven of Sunderland, in the county of Durham; as relates to the port and haven of Sunderland, and the river Wear, between South Biddick, or Biddick Ford, and the said port and haven.

66. For amending and widening the roads leading from Stretford's Bridge in the county of Hereford, to the new inn in the parish of Winstanstow in the county of Salop; and also the road from Blue Mantle Hall, near Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey in the said county of Hereford; and for repealing so much of an act made in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Mortimer’s Cross to Aymstrey Bridge.

67. For repairing the road from the south end of the south street, in the parish of South Mailing, near the town of Lewes, to Glyndbridge; and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge in the parish of Alfriston, in the county of Sussex.

68. For repairing and widening the road from Modbury, through the town of Plympton, to the north end of Lincotta Lane, in the county of Devon.

69. For repairing, amending, and widening the roads from the south west end of Nether Bridge, in the county of Westmorland, by Sizerghfellside, to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the town of Millthrop, to Dixies; and from the town of Millthrop aforesaid to Hangbridge, and from thence to join the Heron Syke turnpike road, at the guide post near Clawthrop Hall, in the county aforesaid.

70. For repairing and widening the road leading from the east side of Barnesley Common in the county of York, to the middle of Grange Moory and from thence to White Cross; and also the road from the guide post, in Barugh, to a rivulet called Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and beyond the same rivulet or brook into the town ship of Cawthorne, in the said county.

71. For repairing and widening the high road from Wetherby to Grassington, in the county of York.

