Acts passed in 1760, 33 George 2 c.1 - c.59.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 23.
---

1. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

2. To enable his Majesty's lieutenants of the several counties, ridings, or places, in that part of Great Britain called England, to proceed in the execution of the laws relating to the militia, notwithstanding any suspension of the same; and for other purposes relating to the said laws.

3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

4. To continue, for a further time, the prohibition of the making of low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran.

5. To continue, for a limited time, the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland.

6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. For granting to his Majesty several duties upon malt; and for raising the sum of eight millions by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the said duties; and to prevent the fraudulent obtaining of allowances in the gauging of corn making into malt; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

8. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

9. For preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon; for shortening the prohibition of making low wines and spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and from meal, flour, and bran; for encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and for more effectually securing the duties payable upon spirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof.

10. To enable his Majesty to make leases and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of his dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

11. For taking down and removing the magazine for gunpowder, and all buildings thereto belonging, situate near Greenwich in the county of Kent; and erecting, instead thereof, a new magazine for gunpowder at Purfleet, near the river of Thames, in the county of Essex; and applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards those purposes; and for obviating difficulties arisen upon an act made in the last session of parliament, for making compensation for lands and hereditaments purchased for his Majesty's Service at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth.

12. For adding certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, to the joint stook of three per centum annuities, consolidated by the acts of the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, twenty ninth, and thirty second years of his present Majesty's reign, and for carrying the several duties therein mentioned to the sinking fund; and for cancelling such lottery tickets as were made forth in pursuance of an act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, and were not disposed of.

13. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

14. For enlarging the times for the first meetings of commissioners or trustees for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament.

15. For rendering the exportation of culm from the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke, and the limits thereof, to the neighbouring counties, more easy to the proprietors and purchasers of the same; and for better securing the duties payable thereon.

16. To continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to prevent the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the granting liberty to carry rice from his Majesty's province of Carolina in America, directly to any part of Europe, southward of Cape Finisterre, in ships built and navigated according to law; to the free importation of cochineal and indico; to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and first composed, written, and printed, in Great Britain and for allowing further time for making affidavits of the execution of articles or contracts of clerks to attornies or sollicitors, and filing thereof.

17. To continue an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better encouragement of the making of Sail cloth in Great Britain.

18. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating certain supplies granted in this session of parliament.

19. For the more effectual securing the payment of such prize and bounty monies, as were appropriated to the use of Greenwich Hospital, by an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

20. To enforce and render more effectual the laws relating to the qualification of members to sit in the house of commons.

21. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

22. For limiting, confining, and better regulating, the payment of the weekly allowances made by act of parliament, for the maintenance of families unable to support themselves during the absence of militia men, embodied and ordered out into actual service; and for explaining so much of an act made in this session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, as relates to the militia when embodied and in actual service; and for explaining and amending certain parts of the laws now in force, for the better ordering of the militia forces in that part of Great Britain called England.

23. For enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and discharging the debt of the navy; and towards naval services, for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty.

24. For applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing of the unembodied militia, for one year, ending the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one; and for explaining certain parts of the acts for the better ordering of the militia forces within that part of Great Britain called England, relating to the money to be given to private militia men, upon their being ordered out into actual service; and to the cloaths of private militia men; and to the time of the commencement of the pay of the embodied militia.

25. For continuing certain laws relating to the additional number of one hundred hackney chairs, and to the powers given for regulating hackney coaches and chairs.

26. For reviving and continuing so much of an act made in the twenty first year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the more effectual trial and punishment of high treason, and misprision of high treason, in the highlands of Scotland; and also for continuing two other acts, one made in the nineteenth year, and the other made in the twenty first year, of his present Majesty's reign, so far as they relate to the more effectual disarming the highlands of Scotland, and for securing the peace thereof.

27. To repeal so much of an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, concerning a free market for fish at Westminster, as requires fishermen to enter their fishing vessels at the office of the searcher of the customs at Gravesend; and to regulate the sale of fish at the first hand in the fish markets in London and Westminster; and to prevent salesmen of fish buying fish to sell again on their own account; and to allow bret and turbot, brill and pearl, although under the respective dimensions mentioned in a former act, to be imported and sold; and to punish persons who shall take or sell any spawn, brood, or fry of fish, unsizeable fish, or fish out of season, or smelts under the size of five inches; and for other purposes.

28. For encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the British sugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of British spirits made from melasses.

29. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify Justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, officers of the militia, and others, who have omitted to register or to deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes.

30. For widening certain streets, lanes, and passages within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for opening certain new streets and ways within the same; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

31. For regulating the proceedings in personal actions in the respective courts baron of the hundred of High Peak, and manor of Castleton, in the county of Derby.

32. For draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the isle of Ely, and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall river south, Plant Load and Brandon river north, bounded on the west by the river Ouse, and on the east by Winter Load, Earswell Brooke, and the hard lands of Mildenball; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to sell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands.

33. To amend and render more effectual two acts passed in the eleventh and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading to and from the town of Derby, in the county of Derby.

34. For making more effectual, and continuing the term, and enlarging and altering the powers, of an act made in the twentieth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road leading from the city of Gloucester, towards the city of Hereford; and for repairing other roads in the county of Gloucester in the said act mentioned.

35. For erecting piers, and other works, for the security and improvement of the harbour of New Shoreham, in the county of Sussex, and for keeping the same in repair.

36. For repairing several roods leading to the town of Oakhampton, in the county of Devon.

37. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the fifth year of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the county of Bucks, to Stoken Church in the county of Oxon.

38. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Market Harborough in the county of Leicester, to the pound in the parish of Brampton in the county of Huntingdon; and by one other act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual the said former act.

39. For repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road near the west end of the town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge; and also the road leading out of the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross Green; and also the road leading out of the last mentioned road, to the turnpike road near Rowesly Bridge, in the county of Derby.

40. For extending the powers granted by an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to the village of Foots-Cray, in the said county, to the road leading from the Royal Oak on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Maidstone.

41. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the high road from the borough of Tamworth to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester; and from Sawley Ferry in the said county, to a turnpike gate, at or near the end of Swarcliff Lane, leading to Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid.

42. For repairing and widening the roads from Haleworthy, in the parish of Davidstow, in the county of Cornwall, to the east end of Wadebridge in the said county; and from the west end of Wadebridge aforesaid, into and through the borough of Mitchell in the said county.

43. For enlarging the term and powers granted by several acts of parliament of the eighth year of her late majesty Queen Anne, the ninth year of his late majesty King George the First, and the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the highways between the house commonly called The Horse-shoe House, in the parish of Stoke Goldington in the county of Bucks, and the town of Northampton, and the road from the north bridge of Newport Pagnel in the county of Bucks, to The Horse-Shoe House.

44. For enlarging the term and powers contained in two several acts of parliament, made in the twelfth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the Dun Cow in the town of Dunchurch, to the town of Hillmorton in the county of Warwick; and from thence to Saint James's end, in the parish of Duston, in the county of Northampton; and for making the same acts more effectual.

45. For extending and continuing the navigation of the river Wey, otherwise Wye, in the county of Surry, to the town of Godalming, in the said county.

46. For repairing and widening the high roads from Hinckley to Woefull Bridge, and also from Hoo-ash Lane, through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter; and from thence to Melbourn Common, and from Ibstock to Measham, in the counties of Leicester and Derby.

47. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick.

48. For diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the roads from the town of Halifax, and from Sowerby Bridge, in the county of York, by Todmorden, to Burnley and Littleborough, in the county of Lancaster.

49. To amend an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for making the river Weaver navigable from Frodsham Bridge to Winsford Bridge, in the county of Chester, and for the more effectual preserving and improving the navigation of the said river.

50. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the market house in the town of Kidderminster, in the county of Worcester.

51. For repairing and widening the road, from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch; and from thence to Newport in the county of Salop, to Ivetsey Bank, in the county of Stafford; and from thence to Castle Bromwich, and Stone Bridge, in the parish of Hampton on Arden, in the county of Warwick; and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham in the same county.

52. For rebuilding, widening, and enlarging, the bridge over the river Avon, in the city of Bristol, and erecting a temporary bridge adjoining; and for widening the streets, lanes, ways, and passages, leading thereto, and for building another bridge, over some other part of the said river, within the said city, if necessary; and for opening proper ways and passages thereto.

53. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale, porter, or beer, brewed for sale, or vended, within the town and parish of Dalkeith.

54. For raising money for finishing and compleating the repair of Leeds Bridge, in the county of York, and for the purchasing and taking down the houses and buildings, which straiten and obstruct the passage to and over the said bridge.

55. For amending and widening the road, from Bawtry to Sheffield, and from Sheffield to the south side of Worthy, in the county of York, where it joins to the turnpike road, leading from Rotherham to Manchester.

56. For repairing and widening the roads from Deanburn Bridge, through Greenlaw, and part of Jedburgh road, by Lauder, in the shire of Berwick, to Cornhill in the county of Durham; and for building a bridge over the Tweed, near Coldstream.

57. For the amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the thirty nine mile stone, in the upper end of Stone Street, in the town of Maidstone in the county of Kent, to a certain place called Tubb's Lake, in the parish of Cranbrooke, in the said county.

58. For repairing the roads from the town of Brecon, to the parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in the county of Hereford, and for building a bridge over the river Wye, at Bredwardine Passage, in the same county.

59. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads, leading to the borough of Launceston, in the county of Cornwall.

