Public Acts passed in 1762, 2 George 3 c.1 - c.87.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 25.
---

1. An act for enabling his Majesty to make provision for supporting the royal dignity of the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty.

2. An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the relief of insolvent debtors, as relates to creditors compelling prisoners charged in execution to deliver up their estates, and to such prisoners being thereupon discharged.

3. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

4. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

5. An act for more effectually preventing the excessive use of spirituous liquors for home consumption, by laying additional duties upon spirits made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of British made spirits; and for securing the payment of the duties upon spirituous liquors.

6. An act for the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter into this kingdom from Ireland, for a limited time, for the supply of his Majesty's ships, transport and other ships and vessels, in his Majesty's immediate service and pay.

7. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain sum of money towards paying off and discharging the debt of the navy, and towards naval services for the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

8. An act for granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon windows, or lights.

9. An act for charging certain annuities granted in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty, on the sinking fund; and for carrying the duties therein mentioned to the said fund; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

10. An act for raising by annuities, in manner therein mentioned, the sum of twelve millions, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for applying the surplus of certain duties on spirituous liquors, and also the monies arising from the duties on spirituous liquors, granted by an act of this session of parliament.

11. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

12. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

13. An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

14. An act to prevent vexatious proceedings against brewers, victuallers, and others, with respect of the prices of beer and ale; for better securing the revenue upon strong beer and ale, by preventing fraudulent mixing thereof; to repeal so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as extends certain provisions relative to the exportation of spirituous liquors to the exportation of strong beer and ale; and for the more effectual preventing the re-landing of beer, ale, cyder, and mum, shipped for exportation as merchandize.

15. An act for the better supplying the cities of London and Westminster with fish, and to reduce the present exorbitant price thereof; and to protect and encourage fishermen.

16. An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy.

17. An act for relief of the vassals of the several estates which are or may be annexed to the crown, by virtue of an act passed in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for carrying the purposes of the said act more effectually into execution; and for enforcing and carrying into execution so much of an act passed in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the paying and discharging the wadsetts affecting the estate of Lovat.

18. An act for rendering more effectual an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of her late Majesty queen Anne, intituled An act for providing a publick reward for such person or persons as shall discover the longitude at sea, with regard to the making experiments of proposals made for discovering the longitude.

19. An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England.

20. An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several laws, now in being, relating to the raising and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England.

21. An act for paving, cleaning, and lighting, the squares, streets, and lanes, within the city and liberty of Westminster, the parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomsbury, that part of the parish of Saint Andrew's Holbourn which lies in the county of Middlesex, the several liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the dutchy of Lancaster which lies in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for the keeping regular, uniform, and annual registers, of all parish poor infants under a certain age, within the bills of mortality.

23. An act to indemnify such as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and to indemnify justices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and for the making and filing of affidavits of articles of clerkship.

24. An act for importing salt from Europe into the colony of Nova Scotia in America.

25. An act for naturalizing such foreign protestants as have served, or shall serve, for the time therein mentioned, as officers or soldiers in his Majesty's royal American regiment, or as engineers in America.

26. An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

27. An act for enabling the judges of the court of session in Scotland to make an adjournment of the said court for such time, betwixt the twentieth day of December and the fifteenth day of January, yearly, as they shall judge most convenient not exceeding twenty days.

28. An act to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats, and other boats, upon the river Thames.

29. An act to amend so much of an act made in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled An act for the better execution of the intent and meaning of former statutes made against shooting in guns, and for the preservation of the game of pheasants and partridges, and against the destroying of hares with hare pipes, and tracing hares in the snow; as relates to the preservation of house doves and pigeons, by making the manner of convicting such person or persons as shall offend therein more easy and expeditious.

30. An act for enlarging and improving the north east avenue of London Bridge.

31. An act for making perpetual an act for the better regulaton and government of seamen in the merchants service; and for extending the provisions thereof to his Majesty's colonies in America.

32. An act for draining and preserving certain low lands called The Fens, lying on both sides of the river Witham, in the county of Lincoln; and for restoring and maintaining the navigation of the said river, from the High Bridge in the city of Lincoln, through the borough of Boston, to the sea.

33. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund; and for applying certain monies remaining in the exchequer, for the service or the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty two; and for settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the right honourable Arthur Onslow, speaker of the house of commons in the last five parliaments.

34. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for allowing time for the payment of the stamp duties omitted to be paid upon admissions into corporations or Companies, and appointments to offices therein; and for the relief of William Earle, in respect of a quantity of white salt, lost by the wreck of a ship near the harbour of Dublin.

35. An act for applying the money granted in this session of parliament, towards defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of that part of Great Britain called England, when unembodied, and of the cloathing of the part of the said militia now unembodied, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty two.

36. An act for better securing the payment of the sums of money directed by an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, to be applied in augmentation of the salaries of the puisne judges in the court of King's Bench, the judges in the court of Common Pleas, the barons of the coif in the court of Exchequer, at Westminster, and the justices of Chester and the great sessions for the counties in Wales, for the time being.

37. An act for vesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, upon the sea coasts, in the counties of Kent, Sussex, and Southampton, on which forts and batteries have been erected for the defence of the said coasts in trustees, for certain uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

38. An act for the more easy apd speedy recovery of small debts, within the town and county of the town of Kingston upon Hull.

39. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Mullen's Pond in the county of Southampton, to the eighteen mile stone from the city of Salisbury near Willoughby Hedge; and from West Amesbury to Anstlow Hill; and from Amesbury to Fiddleton; and from the New Inn in Amesbury to the end of the parish leading to Durrington; and from Wily to Cook's House and Landford; and from Beacon Hill to the Nag's Head; and from thence one mile of the road leading to Shrewton in the county of Wilts.

40. An act for supplying the town of Halifax with water.

41. An act for rendering more effectual several acts passed in the fifth year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the thirteenth year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the top of Stokenchurch Hill to Enslow bridge, through the city of Oxford, by Begbrooke, to New Woodstock in the county of Oxon; and for repairing the road from the Crown alehouse, to the turnpike on Stokenchurch Hill aforesaid; and for repairing the mile-ways on each side the said city, as therein mentioned.

42. An act for repairing, widening, and altering, the road from Sandon in the county of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the county of Chester: and from Hilderstone, to Draycott in the Moors; and from Wetley Rocks, to Tean, in the said county of Stafford.

43. An act for repairing and widening roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading to the borough of Saltash in the county of Cornwall.

44. An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh; and thence to the guide post near Golbourne Dale, and to the south end of Newton Bridge; and from the said guide post to Winwick; and from Newton by Parr Stocks, to the guide post in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

45. An act for better regulating the poor; maintaining a nightly watch; lighting, paying, and cleansing the streets, rows, and passages; providing fire-engines and firemen: and regulating the hackney coachmen, chairmen, carmen, apd porters; within the city of Chester.

46. An act for repairing and widening the road from thp Lostwithiel turnpike road, in the parish of Creed in the county of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Ruan Laneborne; and from Dennis Water, to three hundred yards on the south side of Trethim Mill, in the parish of Saint Just, in the said county.

27. An act for the enlightning the streets, lanes, and passages, within the town and county of the town of Nottingham.

48. An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by two several acts, passed in the sixth and fifteenth years of his

late Majesty, for the more effectual repairing the roads leading from Wadesmill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston; and for making the said acts more effectual.

49. An act for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near the town of Swindon, to the north end or side of the town of Marlborough, and from the said town of Marlborough to the village of Everly in the county of Wilts.

50. An act for repairing, widening, and altering, several roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other places in the county of Devon.

51. An act to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Fisherton Bridge to the turnpike road at Willoughby Hedge in West Knoyle, and from Wilton Bridge, to the turnpike road at the west end of Heytesbury; and also the road from the turnpike road at the top of Red Hone Hill, in the parish of Urshfont, to the mile-stone at the Western end of Fisherton Street in the county of Wilts.

52. An act for building a bridge cross the river Teese, at or near the ferry in the parish of Stockton, in the county of Durham.

53. An act for repairing and widening the roads leading front Kelsal, in the county of Salop, to Whiston Cross, and from thence over Burnhill Green Rudge Heath, by the two New Inns, and to a place called High Gate Warren, in the county of Stafford.

54. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road, from Castle street, at the end of the town of Hinckly, to Lutterworth Town's-End, and from, or near, the Guide Post, at Walcot Town's-End, in the county of Leicester, to the Eighty Mile stone, in Welford Field, in the county of Northampton.

55. An act for continuing and rendering more effectual an act passed in the tenth year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for continuing an act passed in the third year of the reign of His Majesty King George the First, for laying a duty of two Pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, in every pint of ale or beer, that shall be vended, or sold, within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there; and for laying a duty on the tonnage of shipping, and a duty on goods imported and exported, into, and out of, the port of the the said town, for the better repairing of the said harbour.

56. An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for making navigable Sanky Brook, in the county of Lancaster, and for the extending and improving the said navigation.

56. An act to amend an act made in the thirty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads, therein mentioned, in the counties of Southampton and Dorset: and for amending and widening the road between Ringwood Gate, in the county of Southampton to Woolsbridge; and from thence to the great Western road, between a place called Thick Thorn and Cashmore Inn.

57. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor, and for cleansing the streets, lanes, and other passages and places, in the parishes of Saint James, within the liberty of Westminster, and for enlarging the church yard belonging to the said parish.

59. An act for repairing, widening, turning, and shortening the road leading from the turnpike road on Farrad's Common, in the parish of Bradford, through Holt and Melksham, to Homan's Stile, in the parish of Laycock, in the county of Wilts.

60. An act for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Weyhill, in the county of Southampton, to the turnpike road at Lyde Way, in the county of Wilts.

61. An act for altering, widening, and amending, the road from the north gate of the city of Winchester, over Worthy Cow Down, through Whitchurch, and other places, to Newtown River, and also the road from Worthy Cow Down aforesaid, through Wherwell, to the present turnpike road at Andover, in the county of Southampton.

62. An act for repairing and widening the high road, leading from Ashborne, in the county of Derby, to the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from Reycroft Gate, upon Rushton Common, to Congleton, in the county of Chester, and also the road leading from Blyth Marsh, in the county of Stafford, through Cheadle, Oakamoor, and Blore, to the turnpike road, from Ashborne to Bukton near Thorp, in the county of Derby.

63. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from the south end of Sparrow's Herne on Busby Heath, through the market towns of Watford, Berchampstead, Saint Peters, and Tring, in the county of Hertford, by Pettifers Elms, to the turnpike road at Walton, near Aylesbury, in the county of Bucks.

64. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Bridge Town Pomeroy, and from Teing Bridge in the county of Devon.

65. An act for repairing and widening the roads from the White Post on Hasleden's Wood, in the parish of Cranbrooke, to Appledore Heath; and from Milk House Street, in the same parish, to Castleden's Oak, in the parish of Biddenden; and from Golford Green, in the said parish of Cranbrooke, to Tanner's Vent, in the parish of Benenden, all in the county of Kent.

66. An act for repairing the road from the turnpike road on the top of Whitesheet Hill, to a place called the Hare Warren; and from thence to the Index Post, standing near the Blandford turnpike road, on the side of Harnam Hill; and also for repairing and widening the road from the said Index Post, to a house called Master Baker's Farm House, in the county of Wilts.

67. An act for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectual, so much of an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted by two acts of parliament, for repairing the roads leading from seven Oaks' to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells; and from Woodsgate to Kippings Cross in the county of Kent; and also for repairing the roads from Kippings Cross aforesaid, Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the said county; and to Flimwell Vent, in the county of Sussex; as relates to the amending, repairing, and keeping in repair, the said roads, leading from Kipping's Cross aforesaid, to Lamberhurst Pound, Pullen's Hill, and Flimwell Vent, aforesaid.

68. An act for building two new churches, and providing burial places within the town of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for the better preserving the pavements of the streets in the said town; and for ascertaining the fares and prices to be paid carters, carmen, hackney coachmen, and chairmen, and for regulating their behaviour, within the said town.

69. An act for explaining and amending so much of two acts of the twenty seventh and twenty ninth years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Leicester and Warwick, as relates to the road between Hinckley and Coventry.

70. An act to amend and render more effectual several acts made for cleansing and enlightening the streets of the town of Kingston upon Hull, and for preventing annoyances therein.

71. An act for continuing the term and powers of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the road from Doncaster, through the parish of Peniston, in the county of York, to Salter's Brook, in the county of Chester; and also the road from Rotherham, in the said county of York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in the said parish of Peniston; and for making the said act more effectual so far as the same relates to the said road between Doncaster and Salter's Brook.

72. An act for repairing and widening the road from Flimvell Vent, in the county of Sussex, through Highgate in the county of Kent, and the parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden, and Northiam, to Rye, in the said county of Sussex; and from Highgate aforesaid, to Coopers Corner, in the said county of Sussex, and to Tubb's Lake in the said county of Kent.

73. An act for repairing and widening the roads from a certain bridge, called James Deeping Stone Bridge, to Peter's Gate in Stamford, in the county of Lincoln, and from thence, so the south end of the town of Morcot, in the county of Rutland.

74. An act to amend and render more effectual an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for amending and keeping in repair the roads leading from Meadbrook, which divides the parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the county of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain coal mines in the said parish.

75. An act for repairing and widening the high road leading from the north end of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the county of Suffolk, to the south gate in Berry Saint Edmunds in the said county.

76. An act for amending and widening the road leading from the high post road near the town of Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to the town and port of Hythe, in the county of Kent, and from Bacon's to a certain lane, called Holy-Lane, in Wincheap, near the city of Canterbury.

77. An act to enlarge the term and powers, and also to render more effectual an act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads from the town of Pool, in the county of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh; and also the road from Knockin, in the county of Salop, to Llanrhaiader, in Mochnant, in the county of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several other roads therein mentioned.

78. An act for amending and widening the road from the Market-House, in Stourbridge, to Colly Gate, in Cradley, and from Pedmore, to Holly Hall, and from Colly Gate, to Halesowen, and from the turnpike road on Dudley Wood, to Rednal Green, in the parish of King's Norton, and from Carter's Lane, to the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop.

79. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, the Cross Houses, Glazeley, and the turnpike gate on Abberley Hill, in the counties of Salop and Worcester.

80. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads therein mentioned, lying in the counties Leicester and Warwick, and in the county of the city of Coventry.

81. An act for widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Hesket, by Yewes Bridge, to Cockermouth, and from thence by Lorton, over Whinlatter, to Keswick, in the county of Cumberland; and from Keswick, by Dummail Rays and Ambleside, to Kerby in Kendall in the county of Westmorland: and from Plumbgarth's Croft, near Kirby in Kendall aforesaid, to the lake called Windermere, in the county of Westmorland; and from Keswick aforesaid, to the town of Penrith, in the county of Cumberland.

82. An act to continue, and render more effectual, an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester; and for repairing and widening the road, branching out of th said road, at Coleorton Church, over Coleorton Moor, and through Worthington and Sutton Bonington, to Rempston, in the counties of Leicester and Nottingham.

83. An act for repairing and widening the roads from Kirkby-Steven High-Lane Head, in the county of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and from Bracken Bar Gate near Askrigg, in the county of York, through Sedberg, to Kirkby Kendal; and also the road from the four lane ends in Marthwaite, to the turnpike road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby, to Kirkby Kendal, in the said county of Westmorland.

84. An act for repairing and widening the road from Cosham, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Chichester.

65. An act to impower the commissioners and trustees named and appointed by, and in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual an act made in the ninth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled An act for completing the repairs of the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent, and for restoring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex, to its antient goodness so far as the same relates to the harbour of Rye, to let the sea and tides into a new cut or channel, made in pursuance of the said act of the tenth year of his laid late Majesty's reign, as far as a wall, called Winchelsea Wall.

86. An act to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, for continuing several acts relating to the harbour of Liverpool, and for enlarging the said harbour, by making an additional dock, and building a pier in the open harbour there, and for enlightening the said dock, and for making another dock with proper piers in the said harbour, and for erecting lighthouses, and other proper lights, in or near the port of Liverpool.

87. An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts of parliament, relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said harbour; and for lighting the said town, and supplying the same with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing so much of an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from Calder Bridge, to Egremont, and directing how the said road shall be repaired, and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county.

