Acts passed in 1767, 8 George 3 c.1 - c.63
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 28 part 1.
---

1. To continue and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch, and also the extraction of low wines and spirits from wheat and wheat flour.

2. To continue several acts made in the last session of parliament, for allowing the importation of wheat, wheat flour, barley, barley meal, pulse, oats, oatmeal, rye, and rye meal, duty free; and also so much of an act made in the same session as relates to the free importation of rice from his Majesty's colonies in North America; and to allow the importation of wheat and wheat flour from Africa, for a limited time, free of duty.

3. For the free importation of Indian corn, or maize, from any of his Majesty's colonies in America for a time therein limited.

4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

5. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, an act passed in the seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, the several Statutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped.

7. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

8. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

9. To continue and amend an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time; and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from the British dominions in America, for a limited time.

10. To enable his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the City of Bath.

11. For further regulating the proceedings of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, with respect to the making of dividends.

12. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

13. To explain and amend so much of an act made in the tenth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for disbanding the army, and other necessary occasions, as relates to the number of troops to be kept upon the Irish establishment.

14. For providing proper accommodations for his Majesty's justices of the great sessions in Wales, during the time of holding such sessions.

15. For the more speedy and effectual transportation of offenders.

16. For making and widening a passage or street from The Salt Market Street, in the city of Glasgow, to Saint Andrew's Church, in the said city; and for enlarging and compleating the church-yard of the said church; and for making and building a convenient exchange or square in the said city; and also for explaining and amending an act passed in the thirty second year of his late Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Clyde, to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross the said river, from the said city to the village of Gorbells.

17. To amend an act made in the seventh year of King George the First, intituled, An act for regulating the journeymen taylors within the weekly bills of mortality.

18. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

19. For further continuing an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual, in his Majesty's dominions in America, an act passed in this present session of parliament intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

20. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight.

21. For the better paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obstructions and annoyances within the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for repealing an act made in the sixth year of his present Majesty's reign for those purposes.

22. For the more easy and effectual recovery of the penalties and forfeitures inflicted by the acts of parliament relating to the trade or revenues of the British colonies and plantations in America.

23. To repeal so much of an act made in the fourth year of his present Majesty, as affects the island of Guernsey and Jersey, with respect to the leakage of wines imported into this kingdom from the said islands under certain restrictions and regulations; and for continuing an act made in the thirty third year of his late Majesty, for the better encouragement of the making of sale cloth in Great Britain.

24. To permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt belonging to certain merchants in the county of Norfolk, and which were made for exportation between the fifteenth of November, one thousand seven hundred and sixty six, and the passing the act of the last session for prohibiting the exportation of malt.

25. For reducing the duties on foul salt to be used for manure; for altering the stamp duties on certain policies of assurance; for amending so much of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the allowance of the duties of customs, and exempting from the duties of excise such rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British sugar plantations in America, as shall be exported from this kingdom; for better securing the excise duties upon foreign liquors imported; for repealing a clause in an act made in the last session of parliament, prohibiting the sale of condemned tea for home consumption; for amending such parts of two acts made in the sixth and seventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, as relate to the depositing, in the warehouses belonging to the custom-house at London, foreign wrought silks and velvets, and cambricks, and French lawns, upon the seizure thereof.

26. To enable his Majesty to make leases, copies, and grants of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of the duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

27. For the further continuing several acts of parliament made for the encouragement of the whale fishery carried on by his Majesty's subjects.

28. For licensing a playhouse within the city of Norwich.

29. For redeeming the remainder of the joint stock of annuities established by an act made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the said duties.

30. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking Fund; and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and sixty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

31. For raising a certain sum of money, by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged on the sinking fund; and for carrying certain duties on wines, and on cyder and perry, granted by two acts of the third and sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty, to the said fund.

32. For carrying into execution an agreement made between the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, and the wardens and commonalty of the mystery of Mercers of the said city, and Stamp Brooksbank esquire, secretary to the commisioners of his Majesty's revenue of excise, for the purchase of Gresham College, and the ground and buildings thereunto belonging; and for vesting the same unalienably in the crown for the purposes of erecting and building an excise office there; and for enabling the lecturers of the said college to marry, notwithstanding any restriction contained in the will of Sir Thomas Gresham knight, deceased.

33. For opening certain passages, and for paving the streets and other places, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, and for preventing annoyances therein.

34. To enlarge and vary the term and powers of an act for repairing and widening the road from the west end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botley Causeway, to the turnpike road near Fifield, in the county of Berks; and to provide more effectually for repairing and widening the ancient horse road from the west end of Botley Causeway to Witney, in the county of Oxford.

35. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurst in the county of Kent.

36. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the city of Coventry, to communicate upon Fradley Heath, in the county of Stafford, with a canal now making between the rivers Trent and Mersey.

37. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the river Severn, at or near a place called Hawford, in the parish of Claines, in the county or Worcester, to or near a place called Chapel Bridge, within the borough of Droitwich, in the said county.

38. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from Birmingham to Bilstone, and from thence to Autherley, there to communicate with the canal now making between the rivers Severn and Trent; and for making collateral cuts up to several coal mines.

39. To continue the terms and enlarge the powers of several acts of the twelfth of Queen Anne, the twelfth of King George the First, and the twenty second of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other roads therein mentioned; and to repeal an act of the twenty eighth year of his late Majesty for repairing the roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid; and for amending the several roads which were directed to be repaired by the said act.

40. For rebuilding and enlarging the common gaol of the city and county of the city of Coventry; and for appointing a place for the custody of prisoners in the mean time.

41. For continuing and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the road from the top of Crickley Hill, in the county of Gloucester, to Frogg Mill, through the towns of North Leach, Burford, and Witney, and parishes of Hanborough and Bladon, to Campsfield, in toe parish of Kidlington, in the county of Oxford; and also the road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; except so much thereof as relates to the road from Witney, through Eynsham, Cumner, and Botley, to the city of Oxford; and also for repairing and widening the road from Campsfield, to the turnpike road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the said county of Oxford.

42. For enlarging and continuing the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from Sunderland near the sea, to the city of Durham, in the county of Durham.

43. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the road from the thirty nine mile stone in Maidstone, to Tubb's Lake, in the parish Of Cranbrooke, in the county of Kent.

44. To amend and render more effectual an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for supplying the town of Halifax with water; and for better paving, cleaning, and lighting, the streets and other places there; and for removing all nuisances, incroachments, and obstructions, within the said town, and preventing the like for the future.

45. To continue and render more effectual several acts passed for repairing the road leading from The Stones End, in the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex, to the farthermost part of the northern road, in the parish of Enfield, in the same county, next to the parish of Cheshunt, in the county of Hertford; and for amending the road from The Watch House in Edmonton, to the Market Place in Enfield.

46. For repealing an act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the streets, squares, lanes, and other passages, and repairing the highways and causeways, and regulating the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the county of Middlesex; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

47. For diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the road from Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chester; and from thence to a bridge over the river Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

48. For continuing the terms of several acts made in the thirteenth year of King George the First, and in the seventeenth and thirty second years of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from and through Chippenham, and from Chippenham Bridge, in the county of Wilts; and for amending the said acts, and reducing them into one act of parliament.

49. To enlarge the term and powers of an act made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from The Green Man in the chapelry of Seend, in the county of Wilts, to Beckington, in the county of Somerset; and for repealing so much of an act made in the same year for repairing several roads in the counties of Wilts and Somerset, as relates to the road from a place in Trowle Bridge Lane to Midford, and from Freshford to Halts Close in Limpley Stoke; and for amending the said roads, and also several other roads leading from or near the roads included in the said acts.

50. For repairing, widening, turning, and altering, the road leading from Reading, in the county of Berks, through Henley, in the county of Oxford, and Great Marlow, Chipping Wycombe, Agmondesham, and Cheynes, in the county of Bucks, and Rickmansworth, Watford, and Saint Alban's, to Hatfield, in the county of Hertford; and also the road leading out of the said road at Marlow, over Great Marlow Bridge, through Bysham, to or near the thirty mile stone in the turnpike road leading from Maidenhead to Reading.

51. For amending and widening several roads leading from the town of Bishop's Castle, and from Montgomery, to the turnpike road at Westbury, and from Brocton, to the turnpike road at Minsterley, in the several counties of Salop, Radnor, and Montgomery.

52. For repairing and widening the road from the way post in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton, to Old Stratford, in the said county.

53. For repairing and widening the road from Buckland Dinham, to the end of the parish of Timsbury, and also the road, from Midsummer Norton, to the end of the parish of Norton Saint Phillips; and also the road from Tucker's Grave, to the road leading from Wellow, to a place known by the name of The Red Post, in the county of Somerset.

54. For amending and widening the road from the city of York, to the top of Oswaldkirk Bank, and from the said road in Sutton Field through Craike towards Oulston, to the extent of the lordship of Craike, in the county of York.

55. For amending the road from Christopher's Bridge, in the borough of Thetford, in the county of Suffolk, to the north east end of the town of Newmarket, in the county of Cambridge.

56. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, and to enlarge the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his late Majesty, so far as the said act relates to the repairing and widening the road from the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfeld, in the county of Southampton.

57. For the better supplying the town of Dunbar with fresh water.

58. For taking down the present Shire-house in the market-place of the town of Hertford, in the county of Hertford; and for building a new one on a more extensive and commodious plan in the market-place of the said town.

59. For repairing several roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

60. For repairing several roads leading through the county of Roxburgh.

61. For repairing and widening the road from the Mayor's Stone in Abingdon, in the county of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient horse road at Swinford in the said county.

62. For the better paving and cleansing the streets, and other publick passages in the town of Portsmouth, in the county of Southampton; and for preventing nusiances and annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

63. For making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from the firth or river of Forth, at or near the mouth of the river of Carron, in the county of Sterling, to the firth or river of Clyde, at or near a place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, the county of Dumbarton; and also a collateral cut from the same to the city of Glasgow; and for making a navigable cut or canal of communication from the port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said canal at or near the place where it will fall into the firth of Forth.

