Public Acts passed in 1771, 11 George 3 c.1 - c.99.
From Ruffhead, Statutes At Large, vol 11.
---

1. AN Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch; and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

2. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

3. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

4. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to emend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act for the general Quiet of the Subjects, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, as relates to the prosecuting his Majesty's Right, Title, or Claim, to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Precinct, District, or Liberty of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, or to any the Appurtenances to the same therein mentioned.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

6. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

8. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

9. An Act for the better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets and other public Passages within the City of Winchester; and also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint John's in the Soke, Saint Peter's Cheesehill, Saint Swithin and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

10. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement made between Peter Burrell Esquire, Surveyor-general of his Majesty's Lands, and the Trustees of Morden College, in the County of Kent, for enabling his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Leases of Maidenstone Hill, in the Parish of East Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to the said Trustees, upon the Terms mentioned in the said Agreement; and for impowering the said Trustees to increase the Salaries and Pensions of the Treasurer, Chaplain, and poor Merchants, in the said College.

11. An Act for further continuing two Acts made in the sixth and ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in his Majesty's Dominions in America.

12. An Act for better paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Courts, Alleys, Ways, and other public Passages, in that Part of Goodman's Fields, which lies in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and also Red Lion Street and White Lion Street, lying contiguous to the said Fields, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

13. An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for better supplying the City of Worcester, and the Liberties thereof, with Water; and for better paving and lighting the said City; and for removing and preventing all Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

14. An Act for the better regulating the Poor within the City of Oxford.

15. An Act for the better paving that Part of the High Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfellon, otherwise Whitechapel, which lies in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

16. An Act to enable his Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

17. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act of the sixth Year of his present Majesty, for paving the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers; and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches, and other public Buildings, within the Limits of the said Act.

18. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace and others who have omitted to register their Qualifications, within the Time limited by Law; and forgiving further Time for those Purposes.

19. An Act for amending certain of the Mile-ways leading to Oxford; for making a commodious Entrance through the Parish of Saint Clement; for rebuilding or repairing Magdalen Bridge; for making commodious Roads from the said Bridge through the University and City, and the Avenues leading thereto; for cleansing and lighting the Streets, Lanes, and Places, within the said University and City, and the Suburbs thereof, and the said Parish of Saint Clement; for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; for impowering Colleges and Corporations to alienate their Estates there; for removing, holding, and regulating Markets within the said City, and for other Purposes.

20. An Act to enable Lunatics intitled to renew Leases, their Guardians and Committees, to accept of Surrenders of old Leases, and grant new ones.

21. An Act for paving Wapping Street, in the County of Middlesex, and the Several Streets and Passages leading into the same; and for removing all Encroachments and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for opening a Passage from Hermitage Street into Nightingale Lane; and for paving such Passage, and the Fall Side of Nightingale Lane.

22. An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts made relating to paving, cleansing, and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and other Places, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent.

23. An Act for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, from the Parish of Saint Botolph Aldgate, to Cable Street; also the said Cable Street, the Footpath in Back Lane, Part of the Precinct of Well Close, the Street leading from Nightingale Lane to Ratcliffe Cross, Butcher Row, and Brook Street, and the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages opening into the same; and for removing all Obstructions and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the like for the future.

24. An Act for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches, and applying the Monies arising thereby.

25. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

26. An Act for further continuing the Tolls upon London Bridge, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for impowering the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, in certain cases, to grant Licences to Persons possessed of Terms for Years, of and in Houses described in an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, to build upon and inclose Part of the Ground and Soil of the Streets in the Front of their said Houses.

27. An Act for regulating and improving the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same; and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River.

28. An Act for punishing Offences committed by Hackney Coachmen and Chairmen, within certain Districts and Places therein mentioned; and for renewing the Registry of Carts and Carriages.

29. An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places; and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same.

30. An Act for cleansing and lighting the Streets of the Town of South Leith, the Territory of Saint Anthony's, and Yard Heads thereunto adjoining, and for supplying the several Parts thereof with fresh Water.

31. An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery.

32. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; for indemnifying the Landholders of the Isle of Wight from the Payment of the Monies due by virtue of an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, within the Parish of Saint John, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

34. An Act for enabling certain Persons to inclose and embank Part of the River Thames, adjoining to Durham Yard, Salisbury Street, Cecil Street, and Beaufort Buildings, in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for reducing into one Act of Parliament the several Laws relating to the Keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder, and for more effectually preventing Mischiefs by keeping or carrying Gunpowder in too great Quantities.

36. An Act for cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other Passages, on the South Side of the City of Edinburgh, and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therefrom, and preventing the same for the future.

37. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Live Cattle, and other Flesh provisions, from Great Britain, for a limited Time.

38. An Act for the better Support and Establishment of the Greenland and Whale Fishery.

39. An Act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for extending like Liberty in the Exportation of Rice from East and West Florida to the Southward of Cape Finisterre in Europe, as is granted by former Acts of Parliament to Carolina and Georgia.

40. An Act for the more effectually preventing the Counterfeiting the Copper Coin of this Realm.

41. An Act to explain an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores, and for other Purposes therein Mentioned, so far as relates to the Importation of unmanufactured Wood of the Growth and Product of America; and to explain so much of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for enlarging and regulating the Trade into the Levant Seas, as relates to the Importation of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn landed at certain Places therein mentioned.

42. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to regulate the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

43. An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes, and Places, within the said island.

44. An Act for the better paving, repairing, and cleansing the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages, within that Part of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, which lies within the East End of Westgate Bridge, the South Side of Northgate Bar, the North End of Kirkgate Bridge, (except so much thereof as is repaired by the West Riding of the said County of York) and the extreme Part of the Township of Wakefield aforesaid, leading from Wrengate towards East Moor; for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious,

45. An Act for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

46. An Act for paving, and keeping in Repair, the Streets, Lanes, and Passages, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex; for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and for widening the Passages at the West End of Chiswell Street, and at the South End of Brick Lane, in the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

48. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for carrying to the Aggregate Fund a Sum of Money which hath arisen by the Two-sevenths Excise, and for enabling the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to pay to John Dobson, Owner of the Greenland Ship Lord Molyneux, the Bounty due for the said Ship on the last Year's Fishery.

49. An Act to continue for a further Time, an Act passed in the sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of Foreign-wrought Sifts and Velvets for a limited Time; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Silk Manufacture.

50. An Act for granting a Bounty upon the Importation of White Oak Staves, and Heading, from the British Colonies or Plantations in America.

51. An Act for continuing several Laws for the better Regulation of Lastage and Balastage in the River Thames; for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and for the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; for repealing so much of an Act passed in the sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled An Act for preventing the Carriage of excessive Loads of Meal, Malt, Bricks, and Coals, within ten Miles of the Cities of London and Westminster, as relates to the Carriage of Meal, Malt, and Coals; and for authorising the Exportation of a limited Quantity of an inferior Sort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Island of Orkney.

52. An Act for repairing, amending, and supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man.

53. An Act for widening the Highways in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

54. An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon-yard, Sheepy-yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minifies, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

55. An Act to incapacitate John Burnett, Charles Hannington, Thomas Haselgrove, Ralph Moor, Thomas Parsons, Thomas Snook junior, Thomas Hannington, John Hannington, John Robinson, William Cheeseman, George Browne, John Parsons, John Curl, Frederick Dean, William Dean, Samuel Tuppen, John Sawyers, Thomas Crowter, Thomas Pockney, Joseph Dedman, John Dean, John Whiting, William Stevens, John Bawcomb, Robert Parker, John Hogsflesh, John Purse, John Dean, Thomas Jennings, John Snook junior, Richard Tilstone, William Turner, Walter Sawyers, Charles Mitchell, John Jarmand, John Wood, Friend Daniel, William Gratwick, Nathaniel Hillman, Thomas Roberts, John Ashman, William Cooter, Thomas Frost, Michael Smith, Richard Carver, Michael Durrant, Emery Churcher, Walter Broad, Richard Stoneham, James Bennett, Clement Freeman, William Jupp, Thomas Crowter, John Barnard, James Mitchell, James Millar, otherwise Miller, William Newnham, Jeffery Carver, Randall Button, James Carver, John Martin, John Dedman senior, William Jennings, William Hards, Thomas Gear, William Rusbridge, Henry Robinson, and Henry Hannington, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

56. An Act for diverting out of the Crown, and to vest in Gerald Fitzgerald of in the County of Meath, in the Kingdom of Ireland Esquire, and his Heirs, the Reversion in Fee of and in Several Lands in Ireland therein mentioned.

57. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the ninth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road in Tring, in the County of Hertford, through Dunstable, Hitchin, Baldock, and Royston, to the Turnpike Road at or near Bournbridge; and from the West End of Wellbury Lane to the Turnpike Road at the South End of Barton, in the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Bedford, and Cambridge; so far as the same relates to the repairing the Roads in the Royston District of Roads, in the said Act particularly mentioned.

58. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the High Road leading from the North End of Ballingdon Bridge, in Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, to the South Gate in Bury Saint Edmund’s, in the said County.

59. An Act to impower Charles Fitz Roy Esquire, to shut up certain Foot-paths in the Parish of Saint Pancras, alias Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, and to oblige him to make and keep in Repair for the future a Foot-path in lieu thereof.

60. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing several Roads leading through the County of Selkirk.

61. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham.

62. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the Firth or River of Forth, at or near the Mouth of the River of Carron, in the County of Stirling, to the Firth or River of Clyde, at or near a Place called Dalmuir Burnfoot, in the County of Dumbarton; and also a collateral Cut from the same to the City of Glasgow; and for making a navigable Cut or Canal of Communication, from the Port and harbour of Borrowstounness, to join the said Canal at or near the Place where it will fall into the Firth of Forth.

63. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act made in the seventeenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the End of Middleton Tyas Lane to Greetabridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the North Riding of the County of York.

64. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Tadcaster, through Collingham, Harewood, Arthington, and Pool, to the Town of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Knaresbrough, in the County of York, by Longflatt Lane, Gouldsbrough Fields, Flaxby, Allerton, Mauleverer, and Scate Aloor, to Greenhamerton, in the same County; and for making the same a High Carriage Road.

66. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge to Boroughbridge in the County of York.

67. An Act to oblige the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to a Field called Newhall Ring, adjoining to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, within a limited Time, and to maintain and keep the fame free and open for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels.

68. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the City of York.

69. An Act for enlarging the Term and powers granted by an Act of the ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike-gate in the the Township of Greenfield, to the North Limits of the Township of Mostyn; and from Mostyn to Henllan; and from Llanerch y Mor to Pen y I fordd Waen, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh; and for extending the said Act to several other Roads in the said Counties, and the County of Carnarvon; and for taking several Roads within the said Counties out of the Power of the Trustees appointed by two several Acts of Parliament of the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of his late Majesty; and for putting the said Roads under the Direction of the Trustees appointed by the said former and this present Act.

70. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the County of Berks, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing several other Roads in this Act mentioned.

71. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Low-water Mark of the River Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the North End of the Town of Brough, and from thence through South Cave to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes, in the said Riding.

72. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Parishes of Stoke Ferry, Northwold, Wretten, Wereham, West Dceream, and Roxham, in the County of Norfolk.

73. An Act for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hilly near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford.

74. An Act to continue and render more effectual three Acts, made in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and in the eighteenth and thirty first Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Birmingham, through Warwick to Warmington, and from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Edgehill, in the County of Warwick, so far as the same relate to the Road from Birmingham, through Stratford upon Avon, to Stratford Bridge, in the said County.

75. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, through or near Worksop and Retford, to join the River Trent, at or near Stockwith, in the County of Nottingham.

76. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby; and the Roods severally leading from Bamford Woodgate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide-post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the eighth Mile-stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby.

77. An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Lantrissent; and also the Road leading from Newbridge, to a Place called The Old Furnace; all in the County of Glamorgan.

78. An Act to enable the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Levels to complete and maintain the principal Banks and Works necessary to the well-draining and preserving the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, and for laying Taxes upon the Lands within the said North Level, and on divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland.

79. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of so much of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the Road from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow.

80. An Act for enlarging the Term and Rowers of several Acts made so; repairing and amending that Part of the Road leading from a certain Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, in the County of Huntingdon, to Wandsford Bridge, in the said County, called the North Division of the North Road; and for repairing the Road leading from Stilton, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-fourth Year of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term contained in two several Acts of Parliament; and to repair, widen, and amend the Road from the Guide Post at the westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York.

83. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the eighteenth Year of King George the Second, to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City, called Hobmoor Lane End.

84. An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Market-house in the Town of Great Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to Burford, in the County of Oxford.

85. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles to the King's Eateage, and to Gatehopeknow Burnfoot, and to the Top of Minchmoor, and to Loch-head, in the County of Peebles.

86. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Stone to Lane End; and to the Road between Leek and Sandon on Meir Heath, and from thence to Blythe Bridge; and also from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford Bridge, in the County of Stafford.

87. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Shelton to the Road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney; and from the Road between Cheadle and Leek to the Turnpike Road above Frogall Bridge; and from the same Road to the Road between Blyth Marsh and Thorpe at or near Ruebill Gate in the County of Stafford.

88. An Act to continue and render more effectual two Acts passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road, at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called the Foss Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester.

89. An Act for making a navigable Cut or Canal from Bradford, to join the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Windhill, in the Township of Idle, in the County of York.

90. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads from Livingston, by the Kirk of Shotts, to the City of Glasgow, and by the Town of Hamilton to the Town of Strathaven; and for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Air, at or near Lochgate, to the Town of Strathaven, in the County of Lanark.

91. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts passed in the twelfth Year of King George the First, and the nineteenth and twenty-sixth Years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Liverpoole to Prescott and other Roads in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for amending the Road from the causeway at Blacklow Brow, to the causeway leading from Prescot to Liverpoole, and also through Lime Kiln Lane to Ranelagh House, in Liverpoole aforesaid.

92. An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of several Acts, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing of the Roads leading from the said Town of Birmingham to the said Town of Bromsgrove.

93. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Patrick's Cross, within the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Preston, in the same County Palatine.

94. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at Vinehall in the Parish of Mountfield, in the County of Sussex, to Cripps's Corner, and from thence to Staple-cross, and to the Turnpike Road near the Windmill in the Parish of Beckley, and from Staple-cross to Longley's Water Corn-mill at Kent Ditch, and from Cripps's Corner to the Town of Rye in the said County.

95. An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from Wem, in the County of Salop, to the Lime Rocks at Bron y Garth, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Denbigh.

96. An Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the County of Pembroke.

97. An Act for amending and widening the Road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to the Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lamborn, in the said County of Berks.

98. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the Town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the Town of Lindfield, and from the Turnpike Road between Cuckfield and Crawley, to the Town of Horsham; and also the Road from Swingate, in the Parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the Parish of Ticehurst, all in the County of Sussex.

99. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from whence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the Maypole in the Town of Henfield, in the County of Sussex.

