Public Acts passed in 1772, 12 George 3 c.1 - c.11o.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 11.
---

1. An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue the Prohibition of the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and also of the Extraction of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat and Wheat Flour, for a further Time; and also to prohibit the Exportation of Malt for a limited Time.

2. An Act to continue for a further Time an Act made in the Eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited Time; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces, while on Shore.

6. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

7. An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for taking of the Inland Duty of One Shilling per Pound Weight upon all Black and Single Teas consumed in Great Britain; and for granting a Drawback upon the Exportation of Teas to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, upon such Indemnification to be made in respect thereof by the East India Company as is therein mentioned, for permitting the Exportation of Teas in smaller Quantities than One Lot to Ireland, or the said Dominions in America; and for preventing Teas seized and condemned from being consumed in Great Britain; and for settling certain Doubts and Disputes which have arisen upon the said Act of Parliament.

8. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for Paving, Lighting, and Watching the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Carmen and Porters within the said Town.

9. An Act to enable the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to borrow upon Bonds further Money, upon account of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for establishing a further certain Fund, for Payment of the Bonds of the said Corporation, out of the said Middle and South Levels.

10. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

11. An Act for the better regulating the future Marriages of the Royal Family.

12. An Act for further continuing Two Acts made in the Sixth and Ninth Years of His Majesty's Reign, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, in His Majesty's Dominions in America.

13. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March) One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

14. An Act for Clearing, Depthening, Repairing, Maintaining, and Improving the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for Depthening, and making more Navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

15. An Act for Lighting, Cleansing, and Watching, the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, of the Burgh of Canongate, and the Liberties of Pleasance and Leith Wynd, adjoining to the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh,

16. An Act for Deepening, Cleansing, Scouring, Preserving, and Maintaining, the Harbour of Port Glasgow, for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers, for erecting new Breasts, Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An Act for Lighting such Part of the Town of Islington as lies in the Parish of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex; and for establishing a regular Nightly Watch therein.

18. An Act for the better Paving, Cleansing, Lighting, and Watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

19. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Houses in Fenchurch Street, and Addle Street, in the City of London, escheated to the Crown by the Death of Lieutenant-general John Brown, without Heir, unto Frederick Montagu Esquire, and his Heirs upon the Trusts therein mentioned.

20. An Act for the more effectual proceeding against Persons standing mute on their Arraignment for Felony, or Piracy.

21. An Act for giving Relief in Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus for the Admission of Freemen into Corporations; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the Harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the Quays and Piers; for erecting Docks, Breasts, Jettees, and Piers; and for regulating Ships, Lighters, and other Vessels, trading into and going out of the said Harbour; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for indemnifying the Marshal of the King's Bench Prison from Prosecutions at Law, for certain Escapes from the said Prison.

24. An Act for the better securing and preserving His Majesty's Dock Yards, Magazines, Ships, Ammunition, and Stores.

25. An Act for the more effectual vesting in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich the forfeited and unclaimed Shares of Naval Officers, Seamen, and Marines, in Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for Imbanking, Draining, and Preserving certain Fen Lards and Low Grounds in the Parish of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon; and in the Parishes of Doddington, March, Fenwick, Wimblington, and Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge; and for amending the Road from a certain Bridge in the Parish of Chatteris aforesaid, called Carter's Bridge, by a Drain called Vermuyden's, or The Forty Feet Drain, to a Bridge called The Forty Feet Bridge, in the said Parish of Ramsey.

27. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands, tn the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, so far as the same relates to the several Fen and Field Lands lying in the Third, Fourth, and Fifth Districts, described in the said Act.

28. An Act to enlarge the Coemetery or Church-yard, of the Parish of Watford, in the County of Hertford, and to make an additional Building to the present Workhouse, for the Reception of the Poor of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for taking down and removing certain Light-houses now standing near the Spurn Point, at the Mouth of the Humber; and for erecting other fit and convenient Light-houses in stead thereof

30. An Act for the further Augmentation of the Salaries of the Justices of Chester, and the Great Sessions for the Counties in Wales,

31. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped, and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

32. An Act for allowing the free Importation of Rice into this Kingdom, from any of His Majesty's Colonies in America, for a limited Time.

33. An Act for allowing the Importation of Wheat, Wheat Flour, Rye, Rye Meal, and Indian Corn, into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, free of Duty.

34. An Act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Work-house in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the City of Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

35. An Act for enabling Their Majesties to enfranchise Copyhold Lands holden of the Manor of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, and for enabling His Majesty to shut up a Lane leading from Richmond Green to the River Thames, and to sell and exchange certain Lands within the Manors of Richmond and Wimbleton.

36. An Act for completing a Building intended for a new Church or Chapel at Richmond, near Everton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for other Purposes.

37. An Act for draining and preserving certain Commons, Low Grounds, and Cars, in the Parish of Market Weighton and other adjacent Parishes in the East Riding of the County of York; and for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from Market Weighton to the River Humber.

38. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other publick Passages and Places, within the Parish of Christ Church, in Middlesex; and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

39. An Act for raising a certain by Loins or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two.

40. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for building a new Parish Church, and declaring the present Parish Church a Chapel; for making a Coemetery or Church-yard; and for building a House for the Use of the Minister of the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex.

41. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames, near the Town of Maidenhead, in the County of Berks.

42. An Act for settling and determining what Parts of the Precinct of the Savoy, in the County of Middlesex, shall be under the Survey of the Court of Exchequer, and what Parts thereof under the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster.

43. An Act for vesting Ely House, in Holbourn, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Sucessors, and for applying the Purchase-money, with another Sum therein mentioned, in the purchasing of a Freehold Piece of Ground in Dover Street, and in the building and fitting up another House thereon, for the future Residence of the Bishops of Ely, and the Surplus to the Benefit of the See; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

44. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Reversion or Remainder in Fee-simple, now vested in His Majesty, of and in an Annual or Fee-farm Rent of One hundred and thirteen Pounds, One of the several Fee-farm Rents granted to the Right Honourable Edward, heretofore Earl of Sandwich, by His late Majesty King Charles the Second, unto the Honourable James Archibald Stewart, and His Heirs, upon a full and adequate Consideration to be given by him, or his Heirs, for the same.

45. An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses; and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

46. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Revenues of Excise, with respect to Tea, Soap, Low Wines, and Spirits.

47. An Act to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for making Provision for discharging Bankrupts, in certain Casse from their imprisonment.

48. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds in the Stamp Duties, upon Vellum, Parchment, Paper, and Cards.

49. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Stamp-duties upon Policies of Assurance; and for reducing the Allowance to be made in respect of the prompt Payment of the Stamp-duties on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors and for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating to Hackney Coaches and Chairs; so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches.

50. An Act for the encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate, for a limited Time.

51. An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the further spreading of the contagious Disorder among the Horned Cattle in Great Britain.

52. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expences of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Service.

53. An Act to enable the Lords of the Treasury to discharge the Executors of Lady Anne Jekyll from a Debt due to His Majesty, for the Use of the Sinking Fund, upon Payment of the same into the Exchequer.

54. An Act for the more effectually securing a Quantity of Oak Timber for the Use of the Royal Navy.

55. An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses, in relation to the Trade carried on between Great Britain and Ireland.

56. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Allowance upon the Exportation of British-made Gunpowder; to the giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the further encouraging the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and to the Duties payable on Foreign Sail Cloth; to the granting a Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies, directly into Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland; and to the regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and Naval Officers in America.

57. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the Establishment of Lazarets.

58. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Herring Fishery on the Coasts of the Isle of Man; and for obviating a Doubt which has arisen with respect to the allowing the Bounties upon the British White Herring Fishery, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one.

59. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Hereditaments at Richmond, in the County of Surrey, belonging to Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, and held by Lease from the Crown; and for vesting the Freehold and Inheritance of certain Leasehold and Copyhold Hereditaments at Richmond aforesaid in Trustees, and their Heirs, in Trust for the said Catharine Viscountess Fitzwilliam, as a Part of the Compensation for the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

60. An Act for granting a Drawback of Part of the Customs upon the Exportation of Tea to Ireland, and the British Dominions in America; for altering the Drawback upon foreign Sugars exported from Great Britain to Ireland; for continuing the Bounty on the Exportation of British-made Cordage; for allowing the Importation of Rice from the British Plantations into the Ports of Bristol, Liverpool, Lancaster, and Whitehaven, for immediate Exportation to foreign Parts; and to impower the Chief Magistrate of any Corporation to administer the Oath, and grant the Certificate required by Law, upon the Removal of certain Goods to London, which have been sent into the Country for Sale.

61. An Act to regulate the making, keeping, and Carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain; and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes.

62. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, to raise a competent , to be applied for the repairing, improving, or rebuilding, such Part of Tyne Bridge as belongs to the See of Durham.

63. An Act for redeeming One Million five hundred thousand Pounds of the Capital Stocks of Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Manner, and on the Terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a Lottery.

64. An Act for building Two new Chapels, and providing Burial Places thereto, within the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

65. An Act to extinguish the Right of Common upon an Acre of Ground called White Lyon, or Hangman's Acre in Saint George's Fields, in the County of Surrey.

66. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough and Foreign of Kidderminster, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

67. An Act for Incorporating the Members of a Society, commonly called The Marine Society, and their Successors, to be elected as therein is mentioned, and for the better impowering and enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs.

68. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, which is in the County of Middlesex; and for paving, cleansing, lighting,watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and open Passages and Places, within the same; and for removing Annoyances therefrom; and for making the Communication between Charter-house Square and Saint John Street, through Charter-house Lane, more convenient.

69. An Act for Paving, Lighting, Cleansing Watering, and Watching the Streets and other publick Places within such Part of The Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, as lies on the West Side of Tottenham-court Road; and for preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for obliging the Trustees for the Care of the said Road to pave, repair, and cleanse such Part of the said Road as is therein described.

70. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain out of the Sinking Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Order lost, burnt, or destroyed.

71. An Act for the repealing several Laws therein mentioned against Badgers, Ingrossers, Forstallers, and Regrators, and for indemnifying Persons against Prosecutions for Offences committed against the said Acts.

72. An Act for rendering the Payment of the Creditors of insolvent Debtors more equal and expeditious, and for regulating the Diligence of the Law by Arrestment and Pointing, and for extending the Privilege of Bills to Promissory Notes, and for limiting Actions upon Bills and Promissory Notes, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

73. An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings and Party Walls within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and other the Parishes, Precincts, and Places within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, the Parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone and Paddin-ton, Saint Pancras, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better preventing of Mischiefs by Fire within the said Cities, Liberties, Parishes, Precincts, and Places; and for amending and reducing the Laws relating thereto into One Act; and for other Purposes.

74. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Lobcomb Corner in the Parish of Witerslow to Harnham Bridge in the County of Wilts; and from the West Corner of Saint Ann's Street in the City of New Sarum, to the Parishes of Landford and Brook, and from thence to Ealing; and from Landford aforesaid, through Ower and Testwood, to Ealing aforesaid, in the County of Southampton; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Rumsey and Ringwood Turnpike Road, near to the House of Francis Fry, to Lindhurst; and from a Place called Hamston Ford, to Lamb's Corner, in the said County of Southampton; and for repairing the Footways within the said City.

75. An Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Dee, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to or near Middlewich and Nantwich, in the County of Chester.

76. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

77. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, "for Repairing and Widening the Stone Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury;" and for appropriating Part of the Tolls collected upon certain Roads leading to the said Bridge towards finishing the same; and for granting additional Term to the several Acts for Repairing the said Roads.

78. An Act for Repairing and Widening several Roads-from Aldermaston, in the County, of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the Turnpike Road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the Turnpike Road leading to Winchester at Popham Lane, in the County of Southampton.

79. An Act for the more effectual Addling and Collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor in the Parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London.

80. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from the Borough of Bury Saint Edmonds to the Town of Newmarket, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge; and from the South End of the perry Street, in Brandon, to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said County of Suffolk.

81. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for Improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune, and for building a Quay or Wharf near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

82. An Act for Repairing and Widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanark, and for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, at or near a Place called the Howford, in the said County.

83. An Act to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the North Queen's Ferry, through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn, and Culross; and also the Road from the said Queen's Ferry, through Inverkeithing, to Burntisland and Kirkcaldie.

84. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Parish of Enfield, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Hertford, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and also for repairing the Road from the End of the Town of Hertford to Amwell End near Ware, in the said County of Hertford.

85. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the End of the Present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Soulsey Water, in the County of Wilts.

86. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing, widening, and altering several Roads leading from Tavistock to Plymouth, and other Places in the County of Devon; and for repairing and widening, the Road from the Guildhall in Tavistock aforesaid, through Matthew Street and Lower Brook Street, to Cherrybrook, and to Dunnabridge Pound, and from the Callington Turnpike Road to Morwellham and New Quay, in the said county.

87. An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Ure, from Great Ouseborn to Aldwork, in the County of York.

88. An Act to continue and render more effectual Two several Acts for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

89. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford; and from the Sign of the White Horse to the Sign of the King's Arms in Hockcliffe aforesaid; and also for making Provision for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from the Sign of the Waggon and Horses to the Bull Inn in Dunstable aforesaid.

90. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge.

91. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the Warwick Road near Solihull, to the Guide Post in Kenilworth; and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid Road on Balsall Common, in the County of Warwick.

92. An Act to continue, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Swift's Den, in the Parish of Etchingham, and from Frant to Pessingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the Turnpike Road there, leading to Black Boys, in the County of Sussex.

93. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the Exeter Turnpike at Reedy Gate, in the Parish of Dunford, in the County of Devon, to Cherrybrook, in the Forest of Dartmore, in the said County.

94. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset; and several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

95. An Act for Repairing and Amending the Road from Beerstreet Gates, in the City of Norwich to New Buckengham, in the County of Norfolk.

96. An Act for Repairing, Widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Burlton, in the County of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech in the same County, and from Knockin to the East End of the Llanriader Road, and from Place Carrick Lane to the Turnpike Road from Llanymynech to Oswestry near Cold Issa Mountain, and from Oswestry Turnpike Road on Knockin Heath to the East End of Knockin Lane.

97. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Roads from the Confines of the County of Berwick at or near Banghouse Walls to Compton's Lanes, and Eymouth, and from the Town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the County of Berwick.

98. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road leading from the East End of the Bridge across the River Ouze, in Downham Market to the Queen's Head; and from the Chequer Inn in Downham Market aforesaid, to the East End of the Two Mile Close, in the Parish of Barton and towards Watton, to a Place called The Devil's Ditch, in the County of Norfolk; and for stopping up the Road leading from Stradset through Barton Lyes, towards Watton.

99. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second for Repairing and Widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex.

100. An Act for building a Temporary Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and Gateshead in the County of Durham.

101. An Act to Continue the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford as relates to the Wolverhampton District of Roads.

102. An Act for Repealing certain Provisions in Two Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Highways in the Parish of Saint Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex; and for raising Money for repairing the said Highways.

103. An Act for the better Preservation of the Great Bank of the River Welland, from Spalding High Bridge, through Cowhit Peakill, Crowland, and Peakirk, and for making and keeping in Repair a Road thereon, and from thence to the Village of Glenton, in the Counties of Lincoln and Northampton.

104. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from Besselsleigh, through Wantage, to Hungerford, in the County of Berks; and from Wantage to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts; and from the Turnpike Road between Reading and Wallingford, through Halfpenny Lane, to The Old Red House upon Wantage Downs, and from thence to Lambourn, in the said County of Berks.

105. An Act for Amending, Widening, and Altering the Roads leading from Crickhowel, in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands, beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called The Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint Maughans, to the Town of Grosmount, in the County of Monmouth; and from a Smith’s Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the same County; and from the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Ponttanast, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County.

106. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, as relates to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton.

107. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile-stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Bardford Bridge; and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

108. An Act for Repairing and Widening the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfeld to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton.

109. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses, on the Banks of the River, Severn, between Bewdley Bridge and a Place called The Meadow Wharf, at Coalbrookdale, for hailing and drawing Vessels along the said River; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

110. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to King Swinford; and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

