Acts passed in 1775, 15 George 3 c.1 - c.73.
From Pickering, Statutes at Large, volume 31.
---

1. To allow the importation of Indian corn and maize, under certain restrictions.

2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

4. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

5. To repeal so much of an act, made in the fourteenth Year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent the exportation to foreign parts of utensils made use of in the cotton, linen, woollen, and silk manufactures of this kingdom as relates to wool cards used in the woollen manufactures of this kingdom, intended to be exported to any of his Majesty's colonies or plantations in America.

6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. To continue for a further time an act, made in the eighth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An act to continue and amend an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time, and for allowing the importation of salted beef, pork, bacon, and butter from the British dominions in America, for a limited time; and for extending the provisions of the said acts to potatoes, and all kinds of pulse.

8. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty sixth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

9. To amend an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal navigation to the city of Oxford.

10. To restrain the trade and commerce of the provinces of Massachuset's Bay and New Hampshire, and colonies of Connecticut, and Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, in North America. to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British islands in the West Indies; and to prohibit such provinces and colonies from carrying on any fishery on the banks of Newfoundland, or other places therein mentioned, under certain conditions and limitations.

11. To amend an act, made in the eleventh year of his present majesty's reign, for improving and compleating the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

12. To enable the commissioners, acting by virtue of an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and diverse lands adjoining thereto, in the manor of Crowland; to charge further taxes upon the said north level, and the said adjoining lands.

13. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of East and West Flegg, in the county of Norfolk.

14. To explain and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to amend an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds and abuses committed by persons employed in the manufacture of hats, and in the woollen, linen, fustian, cotton, iron, leather, fur, hemp, flax, mohair, and silk manufactures; and for preventing unlawful combinations of journeymen dyers and journeymen hot pressers, and of all persons employed in the said several manufactures; and for the better payment of their wages.

15. To amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's dominions in America an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their Quarters, and for extending the provisions of the said act to his Majesty's marine forces in America.

16. To enable Sir Nigel Gresley Baronet, and Nigel Bowyer Gresley Esquire, his son, to make and maintain a navigable cut or canal from certain coal mines in Aptdale to Newcastle under Lime in the county of Stafford.

17. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors.

18. To restrain the trade and commerce of the colonies of New Jersey, Pensylvania, Maryland, Virginia, and South Carolina, to Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Islands in the West Indies under certain conditions and limitations.

19. To enable the commissioners for executing the office of treasurer of his majesty's exchequer, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to compound with the representatives of Hugh Barlow, Herbert Lloyd, and William Skyrme, a debt due to his Majesty from William Williams, deceased.

20. To amend and render more effectual two acts, passed in the sixth and tenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wilden-Ferry, in the county of Derby to the river Mersey, at or near Runcorn-Gap.

21. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the parish of Saint Mary le Bone in the county of Middlesex; and for building a workhouse in the said parish.

22. For vesting part of the garden of the society of Lincoln's Inn in the county of Middlesex, in the accountant general of the court of chancery, and his successors, for ever, for the purpose of erecting thereon offices for the accountant general, and for the register of the said court.

23. For building a workhouse, and for the better relief and employment of the poor, within the parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the county of Middlesex.

24. For incorporating certain persons, for the relief of poor widows and children of clergymen within the county of Huntingdon.

25. For taking down the common gaol of the county of Hertford and for building a new gaol in a more commodious situation.

26. For appointing commissioners for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

27. For admeasuring wagons and other carriages used in loading coals on board ships at the several ports of this kingdom, in the same manner as at the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

28. For altering, explaining, and amending several acts of the parliament of Scotland, respecting colliers, coal bearers, and salters.

29. To repeal two acts, made in the parliament of Scotland, the twenty-eighth day of June one thousand six hundred and thirty-three, intituled, Act anent the clan Gregour, and the fifteenth day of June, one thousand six hundred and ninety three, intituled, Act for the justiciary in the highlands so far as relates to the Mac Gregours; and to revive an act of the said parliament of the twenty sixth day of April, one thousand six hundred and sixty one, relative to the people called Mac Gregours.

30. For allowing, the officer appointed to mark or stamp the weights to be made use of in weighing the gold and silver coin of this kingdom, in pursuance of an act made in the last session of parliament, to take certain fees in the execution of his office.

31. For the encouragement of the fisheries carried on from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, and for securing the return of the fishermen, sailors, and others employed in the said fisheries, to the ports thereof, at the end of the fishing season.

32. To repeal an act, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of her majesty Queen Elizabeth, (intitled, An act against the erecting end maintaining of cottages).

33. For settling Buckingham House with the appurtenances upon the Queen, in case she shall survive his Majesty, in lieu of his majesty's palace of Somerset House; for enabling the lords commissioners of his majesty's treasury to sell and dispose of Ely House in Holborn, and for applying the money to arise by sale thereof, together with other moneys, in erecting and establishing public offices in Somerset House, and for embanking certain parts of the river Thames lying within the bounds of the manor of the Savoy, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

34. For encouraging the manufactures of rape oil, and other vegetable oils, in this kingdom, by reducing the duties on rape seed, and other seeds producing oil, imported from Ireland; and for allowing the free importation of rape cakes for manure from Ireland to this kingdom.

35. To permit the free importation of raw goat skins into this kingdom for a limited time.

36. To explain and amend an act, made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the speaker of the house of commons to issue his warrants to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall die during the recess of parliament; and for enabling the speaker of the house of commons to make out new writs for the choice of members to serve in parliament, in the room of such members as shall during the recess of parliament become peers of Great Britain, and be summoned to parliament; and for suspending the execution of the said act with respect to the borough of Shaftsbury, in the county of dorset, during the next recess of parliament.

37. To permit the importation of painted earthen ware, (except galley tiles,) the manufacture of Europe, to be sold in Great Britain, and for charging the same with a duty ad valorem.

38. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five.

39. To empower justices of the peace to administer oaths where any penalty is to be levied, or distress to he made, in pursuance of any act of parliament, wherein the same is not expressly directed.

40. For amending and explaining an act, passed in though fourteenth year of his majesty's reign, intituled, An act to establish a fund towards further defraying the charges of the administration of justice, and support of the civil government within the province of Quebec in America.

41. For redeeming the sum of one million of the capital stocks of three pounds per centum annuities, in the manner and on the terms therein mentioned; and for establishing a lottery.

42. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the sinking fund, and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and seventy five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

43. For lighting and watching the hamlet of Highgate in the county of Middlesex.

44. To continue, for a limited time, so much of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a sum of moneys to be raised by exchequer bills, and to be advanced and applied in the manner and upon the terms therein mentioned, for the relief of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, as obliges the said company to export annually goods and merchandises of the growth, product, or manufacture of Great Britain to their settlements in the East Indies to a certain value.

45. For allowing the clothing and accoutrements necessary for his Majesty's forces, paid out of his Majesty's revenues arising in the kingdom of Ireland, to be exported from thence to the places where such forces are ordered to serve, and, for granting a bounty upon flax seed imported into Ireland for a limited time.

46. For amending and rendering more effectual an act, passed in the eleventh year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An act for regulating and improving the fisheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and streams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

47. For enabling his Majesty to licence a playhouse in the town of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

48. To continue the term of an act, made in the twenty second year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every Scots pint of beer and ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped, for sale, within the town of Anstruther Easter, and liberties thereof.

49. For taking down the church of All Saints, in the town of Fulbourne, and county of Cambridge; and for the better repairing, and keeping in repair, the church of Saint Vigors in the said town.

50. To enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase or hire a convenient piece of ground, for the purpose of erecting a workhouse thereon for the reception and employment of the poor of the said parish; and for providing an additional burial ground for the use of the said parish.

51. To restrain the negotiation of promissory note and inland bills of exchange under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

52. For enlarging the term of letters patent, granted by his present Majesty to William Cookworthy of Plymouth, Chymist, for the sole use and exercise of a discovery of certain materials for making porcelain, in order to enable Richard Champion of Bristol, merchant, (to whom the said letters patent have been assigned) to carry the said discovery into effectual execution for the benefit of the public.

53. For enabling the two universities in England, the four universities in Scotland, and the several colleges of Eton, Westminster, and Winchester, to hold in perpetuity their copy right in books, given or bequeathed to the said universities and colleges for the advancement of useful learning and other purposes of education; and for amending so much of an act of the eighth year of the reign of Queen Anne, as relates to the delivery of books to the warehouse keeper of the stationers company, for the use of the several libraries therein mentioned.

54. For paving and regulating, and for preventing nuisances and obstructions within New Gravel Lane and the several streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, in the county of Middlesex, not comprised in an act passed in the eleventh year of his present majesty's reign, for paving and regulating Rosemary Lane, and the other places therein mentioned.

55. To explain and amend an act, passed in the fourteenth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex; for building a workhouse; and for purchasing a piece of land for a burial ground, for the use of the said parish.

56. For applying the funds provided for rebuilding the offices of the six clerks of the king's court of chancery, by an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled, An act for rebuilding the office of the six clerks of the King's court of chancery, and for creating offices for the register and accountant general of the said court, for the better preferring the record decrees, orders, and books of account, kept in such offices; in building offices for the said six clerks in the garden of Lincoln's Inn instead of rebuilding the present six clerks office in Chancery Lane; and for other purposes.

57. For watering Piccadilly, from the end of Berkley Street to Hyde Park Gate, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlesex.

58. For lighting the streets lanes, roads, and public passages, within the town of Hampstead, and parts adjacent within the parish of Hampstead, in the county of Middlesex; and for establishing a nightly watch therein, and a patrol between the said town and London.

59. For the better relief and employment of the poor within the hundreds of Mitford and Launditch in the county of Norfolk.

60. For extending the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny Sterling, payable on every pint of ale and beer vended or sold in the village of Port Glasgow and the privileges thereof, over the town of Newark; for supplying the inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with fresh water; for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching, the streets of the said two towns; for erecting public markets therein; for repairing, and keeping in repair, the bread and east and west quays of the harbour of Port Glasgow, and other purposes therein mentioned.

61. For vesting in James Watt, engineer, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole use and property of certain steam engines, commonly called Fire Engines of his invention, described in the said act, throughout his majesty's dominions, for a limited time.

62. For completing and maintaining the pier at the town of Mevagissey, in the county of Cornwall.

63. For repairing the highways and bridges in the shire of Argyll.

64. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundred of Elloe, in the county of Lincoln.

65. For draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the several parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wistow, Warboys, Somersham, Colney and Pidley with Fenton, in the county of Huntingdon, and in the parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, within the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

66. For draining and preserving certain lands and grounds in the parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guybirn, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

67. For amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge through the hamlet of South town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the county of Suffolk.

68. For enlarging the term and powers granted in an act, made in the third year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Newmarket, over Newmarket Heath, to the turnpike road leading to Stump Cross, in the counties of Cambridge and Suffolk; for repairing the road branching out of and leading from the aforesaid road, near the Devil's Ditch, on Newmarket Heath, to join the present turnpike road which leads to Cambridge; and for repairing the highway, through the town of Newmarket to the present turnpike road, from thence to Thetford.

69. For continuing and enlarging the term and power of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Porthaethwy Ferry to Holyhead, in the county of Anglesey.

70. To enlarge the term and powers of several acts for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the county of Bucks, to Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford.

71. To continue the term of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty king George the Second, for repairing and widening the several roads in the county of Peebles, leading from Tweed's Cross towards the city of Edinburgh, by Blithe Bridge, La Mancha, and Whem, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Ingleston, through Carlops, until all the said roads join the limits of the county of Edinburgh.

72. For continuing and making more effectual several acts of parliament for repairing the road from Luton, in the county of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said county, and from Luton to Saint Albans in the county of Hertford.

73. To enlarge the term of several acts, passed in the sixth year of the reign of Queen Anne, the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, and the tenth, thirteenth, and thirty-first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford, in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch, in the County of Warwick; and for more effectually amending the said highways

