Public Acts passed in 1776, 16 George 3 c.1 - c.83.
From Ruffhead, Statutes at Large, volume 12.
---

1. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

2. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

3. An Act to enable his Majesty for a limited Time to call out and assemble the Militia in all Cases of Rebellion within this Realm of Great Britain, or any of the Dominions thereunto belonging; and to summon the Parliament in the Cases and Manner therein mentioned.

4. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

5. An Act to prohibit all Trade and Intercourse with the Colonies of New Hampshire, Massachuset's Bay, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pensylvania, the Three Lower Counties on Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia, during the Continuance of the present Rebellion within the said Colonies respectively; for repealing an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the Loading and discharging, Lading or Shipping, of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, at the Town and within the Harbour of Boston, in the Province of Massachuset's Bay; and also two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Trade and Commerce of the Colonies in the said Acts respectively mentioned; and to enable any Person or Persons, appointed and authorised by his Majesty to grant Pardons, to issue Proclamations, in the Cases, and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

б. An Act for giving a public Reward unto such Person or Persons, being his Majesty's Subject or Subjects, as shall discover a Northern Passage for Vessels by Sea, between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans; and also unto such as shall first approach by Sea within one Degree of the Northern Pole.

7. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An Act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue and amend an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland, for a limited lime; and for allowing the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from the British Dominions in America, for a limited Time, as relates to the Importation of Salted Beef, Pork, Bacon, and Butter, from Ireland: And also another Act, made in the fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to permit the free Importation of Cattle from Ireland.

9. An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within the Hundred of Forehoe, in the County of Norfolk.

10. An Act to enable his Majesty, to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act to continue an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual in his Majesty's Dominions in America an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act to his Majesty's Marine Forces in America.

12. An Act to continue, for a further Time, an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties payable upon the Importation of Tallow, Hogs-lard, and Grease.

13. An Act for the better securing a Fund, belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal in Drury-lane, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to put in Execution an Act made in the same Session, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first-mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

15. An Act for the better maintaining, regulating, and employing the Poor within the Parish of Saint George, in the County of Middlesex; and for cleansing and lighting the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Yards, and other open Passages and Places; and for keeping and regulating a Nightly Watch within such Parts of the said parish as are not within the Liberty of the Tower of London.

16. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers, granted by three Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

17. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Severn from Benthall, in the County of Salop, to the opposite Shore at Madeley Wood, in the said County; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the same.

18. An Act for enlarging the Term of Letters Patent granted by his present Majesty to Elizabeth Taylor of the Town of Southampton, Widow, for the sole Use and Exercise of certain Engines, Tools, Instruments, and other Apparatus, for making Blocks, Sheavers, and Pins, used in the Rigging of Ships.

19. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for one Year, beginning the twenty-fifth Day of March, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

20. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels.

21. An Act to amend an Act passed in the third Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making navigable the River Stroudwater, in the County of Gloucester, from the River Severn, at or near Framiload, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County; and for giving other Powers, for the Purpose of making a Navigation from Framiload to Walt bridge aforesaid.

22. An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick.

23. An Act for the better Regulation and Government of the Pilots conducting Ships and Vessels into and out of the Port of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for affixing and setting down Mooring-posts upon the Banks of High Marshes within or adjoining to the Haven and Harbour of the said Port; and for affixing and laying down Bridges over the Creeks upon the High Marshes within or adjoining to the said Haven and Harbour; and for preventing Mischiefs by Fire in the said Haven and Harbour.

24. An Act for vesting certain Estates, now held in Trust for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by his Majesty's Letters Patent.

25. An Act for lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Boston, in the County of Lincoln; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein.

26. An Act for lighting and watching the Villages of Camberwell and Peckham, in the County of Surrey, and certain Roads therein mentioned leading thereto; and for establishing a Foot Patrole between Peckham and Blackman-street in the Borough of Southwark.

27. An Act for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages, within the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, and in the Tithing of Colliton-row, in the Town of Dorchester aforesaid; for paving the Footways and repairing certain Horseways of such Parts thereof as are Turnpike; and for paving the Footways and repairing the Horse-ways of such Parts thereof as are not Turnpike; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein; and for preventing Houses or Buildings, hereafter to be erected in the said Borough and Tithing, from being thatched.

28. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or near the Town of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, to join the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, at or near Stourton, in the County of Stafford; and also two collateral Cuts, one from a Place called The Fens upon Pensnet-chace, to communicate with the intended Canal near the Junction of Wordesley brook with the River Stour; and the other from a Place called Black Delph, upon the said Chace, to join the first-mentioned collateral Cut at or near certain Lands called The Lays, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the said County of Stafford.

29. An Act for vesting in John Liardet, Clerk, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the sole Use and Property of a certain Composition or Cement of his Invention, throughout his Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and in the Colonies and Plantations abroad, for a limited Time.

30. An Act more effectually to prevent the stealing of Deer, and to repeal several former Statutes made for the like Purpose.

31. An Act for securing a Fund belonging to certain Persons of the Theatre Royal, Covent Garden, applicable to charitable Uses; and for other Purposes.

32. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable Canal from the said Navigation, on the South Side of Harecastle, in the County of Stafford, to Froghall, and a Rail-way from thence to or near Caldon, in the said County; and to make other Railways.

33. An Act to remove the Danger of Fire amongst the Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the landing certain Commodities on the present Quays; and for providing a convenient Quay and proper Places for landing and storing the same; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire within the said Port of Bristol; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

34. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; and several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon Cards, Dice, and Newspapers; and for raising the Sum of Two millions by Annuities, and a Lottery to be attended with Annuities.

35. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six.

36. An Act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Pilchard-fishery carried on within the Bay of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall.

37. An Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador; and for indemnifying all Persons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution his Majesty's Orders of Council already made for allowing the Exportation of Wheat, and other Articles.

38. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors; and for the Relief of Bankrupts, in certain cases.

39. An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes; which relates to the countersinking of the Tire of the Wheels of all Waggons, Wains, and other Carriages, to be used on Turnpike Roads; and for explaining a Provision in the said Act, with respect to the Fellies and Tire of Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Gauge of six Inches or upwards.

40. An Act for obliging the Overseers of the Poor, within the several Parishes and Places within that Part of Great Britain called England, to make Returns, upon Oath, to certain Questions, specified in the Act, relative to the State of their Poor; and to authorise and require the justices of the Peace, within their respective Divisions and Jurisdictions, in the several Counties and Cities in England and Wales, to take such Returns upon Oath, and to cause them to be transmitted to the Clerk of the Parliaments.

41. An Act for granting a Bounty upon Flax Seed, the Growth of the United Provinces, or of the Austrian Netherlands, imported into Ireland, for a limited Time.

42. An Act for allowing Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of Preston, to be landed without Payment of the Duties, under the like Restrictions as Corn, Grain, and Flour is allowed to be landed at the several Ports mentioned in an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn.

43. An Act to authorise, for a limited Time, the Punishment by Hard Labour of Offenders who, for certain Crimes, are or shall become liable to be transported to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations.

44. An Act for suspending for a limited Time, so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, as is to subject Carriages having the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth or Gauge than six Inches, to the Payment of Double Tolls; and for vacating Contracts for Leasing Tolls.

45. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

46. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to order and allow, out of the Money arising by the Coinage Duty, a certain Sum therein mentioned, for the Expence of prosecuting Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin, over and above the Sum yearly allowed for that Purpose.

47. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on from Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe; and for regulating the Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Customs in the Island of Newfoundland.

48. An Act for allowing further Time for the Exportation of, or Payment of the Duties upon Bugles, when ware-housed upon Importation into this Kingdom; to impower the Commissioners of the Customs to order all Bonds relative to that Revenue, upon which no Prosecutions have been had for the Space of five Years, (except Bonds for Duties, and for the good Behaviour of Officers in the Execution of their Duty) to be destroyed; and for repealing the Duties upon Feather Beds imported into this Kingdom; and for charging the same with the like Duties as are payable upon Feathers for Beds.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; for giving further Relief to the Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Royal Navy; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Certificates, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and other Orders, lost, burnt, or destroyed.

50. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

51. An Act for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback upon the Exportation of Muslins and Callicoes, imported by the East India Company in the Years one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three, and one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four; for allowing further Time to the said Company to expose to Sale such Bohea and Singlo Teas and Coffee as remained unsold on the fifth Day of April, one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six; and also such Bohea Teas as shall be imported on or before a certain Time; and for allowing the Drawbacks on the Exportation of such Teas and Coffee; and for granting further Time for allowing the Drawback on the Exportation of Coffee imported in the Ship Shrewsbury, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-three.

52. An Act to declare his Majesty's natural-born Subjects inheritable to the Estates of their Ancestors, whether Lineal or Collateral, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

53. An Act to continue the Corporation of the Guardians of the Poor within the Isle of Wight, and to confirm the Powers and Authorities now vested in the said Corporation, and to provide new Powers and Regulations for the Members of the same; and to repeal an Act, passed in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act for establishing a House or Houses of Industry in the Isle of Wight, for the Reception, Maintenance, and Employment of the Poor belonging to the several Parishes and Places within the said Island.

54. An Act to continue an Act, made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second (intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts); and also an Act, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty (intituled An Act to prohibit the Importation of light Silver Coin of this Realm from Foreign Countries into Great Britain or Ireland, and to restrain the Tender thereof beyond a certain Sum).

55. An Act to enable the Trustees of certain Charity Lands belonging to the Poor of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to grant Building Leases thereof.

56. An Act for supplying the Borough and Town of Brecknock, and Liberties thereof, with Water; and for paving, cleansing, regulating, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages there; and for widening and making commodious some of the said Streets, Lanes, and Passages.

57. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and for removing all Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

58. An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the Streets and Lanes in the Town and Parish of Chatham, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and to extend the Provisions of the said Act to such Parts of the High-street in Chatham, as are situate in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Gillingham, and to other Places adjoining or contiguous to the said Town.

59. An Act for lighting and watching the Town of Ports mouth in the County of Southampton; and for explaining and amending an Act passed in the eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets and other public Passages in the said Town, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the same more commodious.

60. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for opening certain Passages, and for paving the Streets, and other Places, in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Annoyances therein; and for extending the Powers of the said Add to such Part of a Lane, called Hog-lane, as lies within the Liberty of Norton-Falgate, in the said County.

61. An Act for erecting a Lighthouse or Lighthouses and Landmarks in or near the Port of Chester, and for placing Buoys upon the Banks and Shoals leading into and in the said Port; and for regulating of Pilots and persons towing or tracking of Vessels to and from the City of Chester; and for fixing the Rates payable for the same respectively.

62. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for several Limits in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent, more effectually to drain and improve the Lands and Grounds within the General Vallies.

63. An Act for widening and improving several Streets in the Town of Manchester; and for opening new Streets or Passages within the said Town.

64. An Act for draining, embanking, and preserving, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds called The Parts and Alderlots, in the Parishes of Glatton and Holme, in the County of Huntingdon.

65. An Act for making the River Soar navigable, from the River Trent to Bishop's Meadow, within the Liberty of Garenton, in the County of Leicester; and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from thence, near, or up, and into The Rushes, at Loughborough, in the said County.

66. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal, within and from certain Lands, belonging to Thomas Talbot Foley, Esquire, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join and communicate with the Stourbridge Navigation, at a Place called Black Delph, upon Pensnet-chase, in the Parish of Kingswinford, in the County of Stafford.

67. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Basingstoke through Popham lane, Sutton, Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb-corner in the County of Wilts; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Spittlehouse over Weyhill to Mullen’s Pond, in the said County of Southampton; as relates to the Roads from Basingstoke to Lobcomb-corner in the County of Wilts

68. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, pasted in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing the Road from the West Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belsay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanspeck, in the County of Northumberland.

69. An Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of two Acts, passed in the third and seventeenth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from that Part of Chatham which lies next to the City of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent; and for amending and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at or near a Place called Makenade-corner, in the Parish of Preston, to Bagham-cross and Shalmsford-lane-end, in the Parish of Chilham, in the said County.

70. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capel, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch-house in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey; and from Capel to Scone-street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surry.

71. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Doncaster to the Turnpike-road which leads from Bawtry to Retford in the Counties of York and Nottingham.

72. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End Side of Lincoln-heath, to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham-lane, to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourn, to the Town of Colsterworth; and from Donnington High Bridge, to the Cross-post, in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale-drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long-hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln.

73. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop rear the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of Winksworth, in the said County of Derby.

71. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of two Acts made in the twenty-second and twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Wansford-bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln,from Stamford to Bourn in the said County; and for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of the Bridge, to a Gate called Scotgate in Stamford, and from the Termination of the Turnpike-road in the Parish of Bourn, to the Market-cross in Bourn.

75. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market-cross in the Township of Clithero, to Salford-bridge in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

76. An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to High gate-gatehouse and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also to continue and render more effectual, An Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike-roads leading to Highgate-gatehouse and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles’s pound to Kilbourne, to make a New Road from the Great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington, so far as the same is by the said Act directed to be under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the said first mentioned Acts; and for making a Road from the said new Road, near Queen's row, to Bagnigge-wash, and for watching, lighting, and watering the said Roads.

77. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a Place called Monk’s-bridge, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Ludlow to a Place or House called The Maidenhead at Orleton, in the County of Hereford.

78. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, explaining, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the twenty-sixth of King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned in the County of Worcester, and for repealing so much of an Act of the seventh Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Knightsford-bridge to a certain House at Red Marley, in the Parish of Great Witley, in the said County, and for putting the same under the Management of the Trustees for executing the said first mentioned Act; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned.

79. An Act for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers of two several Acts of Parliament respecting roads near the Borough of Ashburton, in the County of Devon.

80. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Great Bridge in the Borough of Warwick, through Southam and Daventry, to the Town of Northampton.

81. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester so far as the same relates to the Road from Coventry, through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from the said City of Coventry to Martyn’s Gutter.

82. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from Tadcaster to Halton-dyal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

83. An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Termination of the present Turnpike Road at Elsdon High-cross, near the Town of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, on the North-east Side of the River Reed, through Overacres, Elishaw, and Catcleugh, to the Red Swyre upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland.

