Acts passed in 1790, 30 George 3 c.1 - c.115.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 37.
---

1. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council, respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

4. For taking off the duties upon unwrought tin exported to any of the countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope.

5. For continuing the term of so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the rendering the payment of creditors more equal and expeditious in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. For the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

8. To amend two acts, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty; the one intituled, An act for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West-india islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America; and between his Majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies; and the other intituled, An act to allow the importation of rum, or other spirits, from his Majesty's colonies or plantations in the West Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of duty, under certain conditions and restrictions.

9. For defraying the charge of pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

10. For the better support of the dignity of the speaker of the house of commons; and for disabling the speaker of the house of commons for the time being from holding any office or place of profit, during pleasure, under the crown.

11. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

13. For appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, (intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety together with those named in two former acts for appointing commissioners of the land tax.

14. For continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto; and for adding a commissioner to execute the several acts for the discovery of the longitude at sea.

15. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

16. For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety.

17. For altering the time appointed for holding the summer session in the court of session in Scotland; and for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas terms in the court of exchequer in Scotland.

18. To continue the several laws therein mentioned, relating to encouraging the manufacture of leather by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the reducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

19. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for relief of Protestant purchasers.

20. For rebuilding the parish church and tower of Saint Thomas, within the city of Bristol.

21. For better supplying the city of Norwich, and the parts adjacent, with water.

22. For the better relief and employment of the poor, within the hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the county of Suffolk.

23. To continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or commissoners of the treasury for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as Should be willing to contract for the same.

24. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

25. For paving and otherwise improving the town of Honiton, in the county of Devon.

26. To exempt goods and chattels imported from the settlement of Yucatan in South America, and sold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty imposed on such sales, and for allowing a drawback of the duties on goods exported to Yucatan.

27. For encouraging new settlers in his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America.

28. For permitting the importation of Cashew gum from his majesty's West India islands, upon payment of the like duty as is paid upon the importation of gum Arabic, or gun Senega.

29. For amending an act, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands, under certain regulations and restrictions; and for regulating the duties on the importation of goods and commodities the growth and production of the countries bordering on the province of Quebec.

30. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

31. To alter so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second intituled, An act for the better preventing frauds and abuses in gold and silver wares; and also so much of another act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on all gold and silver plate imported, and also certain duties on all gold and silver wrought plate made in Great Britain, as relates to the marking of silver wares.

32. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying certain moneys therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand even hundred and ninety; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

33. To amend and continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

34. For giving relief to such persons as have suffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government; for making compensation to persons who furnished provisions, or other necessary articles, to the army or navy in America during the war, or whose property was used, seized, or destroyed for the carrying on the publick service there; and also for making compensation to such persons as have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the king of Spain.

35. To explain and amend an act, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, touching the election for knights of the shire to serve in parliament for that part or Great Britain called England.

36. To alter, explain, and amend an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for limiting the number of persons to be carried on the out side of page coaches, or other carriages, and for regulating the conduct of the drivers and guards thereof.

37. To continue two acts, made in the twenty-eighth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland, upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty "to discontinue for a limited time, the payment of the duties, upon low wines and spirits for home consumption; and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; and for amending the said act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign.

38. For repealing the duties upon licences for retailing wine and sweets, and upon licences for retailing distilled spirituous liquors, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

39. For making allowances to distillers of low wines and spirits from malt, corn, or grain, in Scotland, in respect of the duties imposed by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

40. To explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof.

41. For laying a duty on the importation from any of the provinces in North America, of rape seed, and all other seeds used for extracting oil and for allowing the importation from the said provinces of rape cakes, or cakes made of rape seed used for manure, duty free.

42. To continue, for a limited time, certain provisions contained in an act made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution certain orders of council respecting the importation and exportation of corn and grain, and also certain orders issued by the governor-general of his Majesty's colonies in America; and for preventing suits in consequence of the same; and for making further provisions relative thereto, relating to the importation and exportation of corn and grain; and to authorise his Majesty to permit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, or flour; and to prohibit the importation thereof on the low duties.

43. To authorise the commissioners of the customs to defray charges on seizures, out of his majesty's share of seizures in general.

44. To enable his Majesty to settle a certain annuity on the reverend Francis Willis doctor of physic.

45. For converting certain annuities, to be attended with the benefit of survivorship in classes, established by an act of the last session of parliament, into certain annuities for an absolute term of years, and for enabling the commissioners of the treasury to nominate lives for the shares so converted.

46. For settling and securing a certain annuity for the use of the heirs and descendants of William Penn esquire, the original proprietor of the province of Pennsylvania, in consideration of the meritorious services of the said William Penn, and of the Losses which his family have sustained in consequence of the unhappy dissensions in America.

47. For enabling his Majesty to authorise his governor or lieutenant governor of such places beyond the seas, to which felons or other offenders may be transported, to remit the sentences of such offenders.

48. For discontinuing the judgement which has been required by law to be given against women convicted of certain crimes, and substituting another judgement in lieu thereof.

49. To empower justices, and other persons, to visit parish workhouses or poor houses, and examine and certify the state and condition of the poor therein to the quarter sections.

50. To continue and amend an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for appointing commissioners to inquire into the state and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues belonging to the crown; and to sell or alienate fee farm, and other unimproveable rents.

51. For diverting out of the crown the reversion in fee of and in certain hereditaments, heretofore the estate of sir Roger Strickland knight, deceased, in Catterick and Tunstall, in the county of York; and for vesting the same in the Several persons entitled to the said hereditaments; and for extinguishing and destroying a certain term of one hundred years, for which the said hereditaments were limited in trust for his late majesty King George the First, his heirs and successors.

52. For improving, continuing, and extending the navigation of the river Ouse, from Lewes Bridge, at the town of Lewes, to Hammer Bridge, in the parish of Cuckfield, and to the extent of the said parish of Cuckfield, and also of a branch of the said river to Shortbridge, in the parish of Fletching, in the county of Sussex.

53. To alter, explain, amend, and render more effectual, several acts made for paving, cleansing, and lighting the squares, streets, lanes, and other places, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent; and for putting certain streets therein mentioned, commonly called Optional Streets, under the management of parochial committees, subject to the control of the commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said several acts; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, obstructions, and incroachments in the said streets, and other places; and for other purposes.

54. For vesting the estate and property of the trustees of Westminster fish market in the marine society, for the purposes therein mentioned; and for discontinuing the powers of the said trustees.

55. To enable sir William Hamilton knight of the most honourable order of the bath, his heirs and assigns, to make and provide quays, docks, piers, and other erections; and to establish a market, with proper roads and avenues thereto respectively, within the manor or lordship of Hubberston and Pill, in the county of Pembroke.

56. To alter and amend an act, passed in the last session of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near to Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to join and communicate with the Erewash Canal, at or near Langley Bridge; and also a collateral cut from the said intended canal at or near Codnor Park Mill, to or near Pinxton Mill, in the said county.

57. For making and maintaining a navigable communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk.

58. For draining, dividing, and inclosing, certain moors, commons, or wake lands, called Edington, otherwise Burtle Moor, East Heath, West Heath and Clyde Batch, within the hamlet of Edington, and parish of Moorlinch, in the county of Somerset.

59. For more effectually embanking the marsh called Malldraeth and Corsddaugau, in the county of Anglesey, and draining and preserving the same, and the enclosed lowlands contiguous thereto.

60. For effectually carrying into execution two acts of the sixteenth and twenty-fifth years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Stourbridge navigation to the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely canal navigations, in the counties of Worcester and Stafford.

61. For authorising and enabling the right honourable George earl of Mount Edgcumbe and Reginald Pole Carew esquire, to establish and maintain a common ferry over and across the river Tamer, between a certain place north of Plymouth Dock in the parish of Stoke Damarel in the county of Devon, and Tor point in the parish of Antony Saint Jacob otherwise Antony in the East, in the county of Cornwall.

62. For paving, cleansing, lighting, and widening the streets, lanes, and passages; for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances; and for regulating the porters and drivers of carts, within the borough of Truro and part of the adjoining parishes in the county of Cornwall.

63. For preserving the works made for supplying the town of Bradford in the county of York and part of the township of Horton, in the parish of Bradford aforesaid, with water; for the more easy recovery of the rents for the said water; and to enable the proprietors thereof to borrow money for the improving such works.

64. For establishing a chapel at Ramsgate in the parish of Saint Laurence in the Isle of Thanet in the county of Kent, as a chapel of ease to the church of the same parish.

65. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the line of the said canal navigation; and to raise a further sum of money for the purpose of completing the said canal navigation; and for other purposes.

66. For paving, and otherwise improving, the city and township of Peterborough.

67. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, ways, and public passages and places, within the city of Durham, and borough of Framwelgate, and the suburbs thereof, and streets thereto adjoining; for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said streets, lanes, ways, and public passages and places; and for regulating and improving the markets within the said city and suburbs.

68. For better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with water; and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the streets and other places within the said town and neighbourhood, and removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructtions therein.

69. For amending and enlarging the powers of, and rendering more effectual, an act made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for pulling down the church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the county of Middlesex; for building a new church, and making a new church yard, or cemetery, in the said parish, with convenient avenues and passages thereto; and for purchasing Pentonville chapel, and making the same a chapel of ease to the said church.

70. To amend an act of the last session of parliament, for providing an additional burial ground for the parish of Saint James, Westminster, and erecting a chapel adjoining thereto, and also a house for the residence of a clergyman to officiate in burying the dead.

71. For taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex, and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish, and for making an additional cemetery or church yard.

72. For taking down the church, chancel, and tower, belonging to the parish of Banbury, in the county of Oxford, and for rebuilding the same.

73. For forming a junction between the Forth and Clyde navigation and the Monkland navigation; and for altering, enlarging, and explaining several former acts passed for making and maintaining the said navigations.

74. To alter and amend an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge; and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny and the commoners within the said manor.

75. To enable the company of proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire canal navigation, to improve the navigation of the river Severn, from Stourport, in the county of Worcester, to a place called Diglis, near the city of Worcester.

76. For forming and keeping in repair the streets and other publick passages and places, within a certain district, in the parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the county of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

77. For the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the city of Coventry, and the suburbs thereof, and removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein; and for regulating the publick wells and pumps within the said city and suburbs.

78. To continue an act, made in the sixth year of his present majesty's reign, intituled, An act to regulate the loading of ships with coals, in the ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

79. For rebuilding the parish church of East Grinstead, in the county of Sussex.

80. For providing a workhouse for, and for the better relief and employment of, the poor of the parish of Streatham, in the county of Surrey; and for appointing an additional overseer for the better government of the poor of the said parish.

81. For providing a new poor house for, and for the better relief and government of, the poor of the township of Manchester, in the county of Lancaster.

82. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile, to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff in the county of Glamorgan.

83. For impowering persons navigating boats, barges, and other vessels, in the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, to hale or tow with horses, or other beasts, on the banks or sea walls of the said river; and for making satisfaction to the owners of the said banks or sea walls.

84. To empower William Henry Campbell esquire, to shut up a road and foot paths in the parish of Liston, in the county of Essex; and to oblige him to make and keep in repair for the future another road and foot path in lieu thereof.

85. For continuing an act of the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the city of Norwich, to Block Hill, in Trowse, at the angle where the road divides, to Bixley and Kirby, in the county of Norfolk.

86. For continuing an act of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending the road from Bishopsgate Bridge, in the city of Norwich, to a stone formerly called The Two Mile Stone, where the Norwich road joins the Caister causeway, two miles and a half short of the town of Great Yarmouth.

87. For continuing an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the road from Berstreet Gates, in the city of Norwich, to New Buckenham, in the county of Norfolk.

88. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and altering the road from Macclesfield, in the county of Chester, to the turnpike road at Randle-Carr Lane Head in Fernilee, in the county of Derby, leading to Chapel in the Frith.

89. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of certain acts of parliament, for repairing the roads from Royston, in the county of Hertford, to Wandesford Bridge, in the county of Huntingdon, and from the town ofHuntingdon to the causeway at or near the west end of the town of Somersham, in the county of Huntingdon, so far as relates to the middle and south divisions, and separate district, of the said roads.

90. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of the eighth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading to and through the town of Goudhurst, in the county of Kent.

91. For enlarging the term of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from Tavernspite to the towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberston Haking, in the county of Pembroke.

92. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Leicester and Welford turnpike roads in the counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the turnpike road leading from Hinckley to Afshby de la Zouch, in the said county of Leicester; and for repairing and widening two pieces of road, called Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane in the parishes of Desford and Newbold Verdon.

93. For making and repairing the road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodie's Mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kirkcaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridges to Craill, and other roads in the county of Fife.

94. For enlarging the term of several acts, made for repairing the roads from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and from Stump Cross aforesaid to the end of the town of Trumpington, next to Shelfords and from Shelford Pound to Wittlesford; and for making more effectual provision for repairing the said roads, and also one mile of the road between Trumpington and Cambridge, commencing at the south end of Trumpington aforesaid; for amending the road from Chesterford Bridge to the end of Wittlesford next to Shelfords all in the county of Cambridge.

95. To enlarge the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping in repair, several roads leading from the borough of Dorchester, in the county of Dorset.

96. For enlarging the terms, and altering the powers, of two acts, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Marlborough, through West Kennet to Sheppard's Shord, and from the Hare and Hounds, in Beckhampton, to the top of Cherril Hill, and from the town of Avebury to the cross way at Beckhampton, and from the turnpike gate at Avebury to Wroughton, and from the north side of Swindon, to the Carpenter's Arms in Blunsden, in the county, of Wilts, and for diverting, turning, and altering part of the said roads; and for repairing and widening the road on the west side of The Three Barrows, from the direction post there, on the new road leading from Beckhampton to Devizes, to the distance of one mile from the said direction post westward.

97. For continuing the term, and enlarging, altering, and amending, the powers of an act, made in the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairings widening, and keeping in repair, the road from New Chappell, in the county of Surrey, over Copthorn, in the county of Sussex, through Lindfield, to the town of Ditchling, up to the top of Ditchling Best Hills, in the said county of Sussex.

98. For repairing and widening the road from Rowde Ford to Red Hills and from Chittoe Heath to the town of Calne, in the county of Wilts; and for repealing three acts, made in the second and twenty-fifth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways between Sheppard's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdown Hill, in the county of Wilts, and other ruinous parts of the highways thereunto adjacent.

99. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of certain acts, made for repairing the road from Keighley, in the west riding of the county of York, to Kirkby in Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland, so far as relates to such part of the said road as lies within the county of York.

100. For making, amending, and keeping in repair, the road from Fosbrook, in the parish of Dillorn, through Dillorn, and from thence to or near to Chedleton, in the county of Stafford.

101. To enlarge the terms and powers of three several acts, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, the twenty first year of the reign of King George the Second, and the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Bromsgrove, in the county of Worcester, to the town of Birmingham, in the county of Warwick.

102. For making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, a road from Eve Hill near Dudley, to the New Inn, in the parish of Pattingham, and from the turnpike road at or near Street End, in the parish of Kingswinford, to the turnpike road leading from Dudley to Wolverhampton, in the counties of Worcester, Salop, and Stafford.

103. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Biggleswade, in the county of Bedford, through Bugden and Alconbury, to the top of Alconbury Hill, and from Bugden to Huntingdon, and from Cross Hall to Great Stoughton Common, in the county of Huntingdon, and also the road leading out of the aforesaid road at or near the ferry house, in the parish of Tempsford, to and through Little Barford, Eynesbury, and Saint Neots, to the turnpike road at the end of Cross Hall Lane.

104. For continuing and amending an act, of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Saint Stephen's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the windmill in the town of Watton, in the county of Norfolk.

105. To continue the term, and alter the powers, of so much of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth and thirty-first years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the roads lying within the county of Linlithgow.

106. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the eighth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the Mayor's Stone, in Abingdon, in the county of Berks, through Cumner, to the ancient horse road at Swinford, in the said county.

107. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Cheadle to Botham House, and from thence to Butterton Moor End, in the county of Stafford.

108. To continue the term, and alter the powers, of so much of two acts, made in the twenty-fifth and thirty first years of the reign of his late Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Linlithgow and Stirling, as relates to the roads lying within the county of Stirling; and for repairing the road from Loanhead to Saint Ninian's, in the said county of Stirling.

109. For repairing several roads in the counties of Stirling and Dumbarton.

110. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the town of Denbigh, to the turnpike road between Northop and Holywell, and from Afon Wen to the town of Mould, in the counties of Denbigh and Flint.

111. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the end of the turnpike road in Shawbury, in the county of Salop, to Drayton in Hales, in the said county; and from thence to Newcastle under Line, in the county of Stafford, and from Shawbury aforesaid to the turnpike road in High Ercall, in the said county of Salop, and from Shawbury aforesaid to Wem, in the said county; and from thence to the turnpike road in Standford, in the said county.

112. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Tunstall, in the county of Stafford, to Bosley, in the county of Chester; and from Great Chell to Shelton, in the said county of Stafford.

113. To enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the high roads leading from Alfreton, in the county of Derby, through Carter Lane, to a certain place in the town of Mansfield called Stockwell; and from the bridle gate, at the division of the liberties of Blackwell and Hucknall, through the town of Sutton in Ashfield, to the Mansfield and Newark turnpike at or near Python Hill, in the forest of Sherwood, in the county of Nottingham.

114. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the east end of Bromham Bridge, in the county of Bedford, to the turnpike road leading from Wellingborough to Olney in the county of Bucks; and also the road from the said turnpike road, at or near the south end of the town of Olney aforesaid, to the turnpike road leading from Northampton to Newport Pagnell, in the same county.

115. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of certain acts for repairing the road from the town of Hitchin, through Shefford, to the turnpike road from Saint Albans to Bedford, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Hertford and Bedford.

