Public acts passed in 1792, 32 George 3 c.1 - c.160.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol. 37.
---

1. An act to extend the provisions of certain acts of parliament made to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

2. An act to repeal the duties on certain inhabited houses containing less than seven windows, or lights, granted by an act of the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

3. An act for repealing the duties on female servants.

4. An act for repealing the duties on wagons, wains, carts, and other carriages, granted by an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty.

5. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty for a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

6. An act for repealing the duties upon malt granted by an act made in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties upon malt.

7. An act for repealing a certain part of the duty upon all canoes (except wax and spermaceti candles)

8. An act for the more effectual preventing of frauds in the revenue of excise by common brewers.

9. An act for repealing certain regulations with respect to certificates on exporting tea to Ireland or America.

10. An act for the better execution of certain warrants issued for the apprehending, and committing persons convicted of offences against the excise laws.

11. An act to compel auctioneers to declare whether sales have been held under the notices now required to be given by law.

12. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of four hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

13. An act to enable his Majesty to make provision for the establishment of their royal highnesses the duke and duchess of York and Albany; and also to settle an annuity on her royal highness during the time of her natural life, to commence from the decease of his said royal highness, in case her said royal highness shall survive him.

14. An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united dates.

15. An act for raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

16. An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

17. An act for the regulation of his majesty's marine forces while on shore.

18. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.

19. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

20. An act for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the parish of Stone, in the county of Stafford, and for regulating and employing the poor therein.

21. An act for the more effectual prevention of frauds in the revenue of excise with respect to the manufacturing of soap.

22. An act to continue and amend several laws relating to the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights; and to amend the laws now in force for the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the seas to the southward of the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights.

23. An act for rectifying mistakes in the names of several of the of appointed by an act made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one, and for appointing other of, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as of for executing the said act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety one.

24. An act to repeal so much of an act, made, in the twenty seventh year of his present Majesty, as, relates to the sale of the house in Privy Garden, heretofore used as an office for the of of the lottery; and to enable his Majesty to grant the said premises.

25. An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland, further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

26. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety two.

27. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the lime limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attorneys and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose; and for allowing further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contrails of clerks, apprentices, or servants.

28. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

29. An act for establishing a permanent fund for the relief and support of skippers and keelmen employed in the coal trade on the river Wear, in the county of Durham, who by sickness, or other accidental misfortunes, or by old age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their families; and also for the relief of the widows and children of such skippers and keelmen.

30. An act for taking down the church, chancel, and tower belonging to the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in Bridgenorth, in the county of Salop, and for rebuilding the same, and for enlarging the burial ground of the said parish.

31. An act for more effectually embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, the island of Canvay, in the county of Essex.

32. An act to revive and continue so much of an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the conveyance of sheep between Cowes in the isle of Wight, and the ports of Southampton and Portsmouth; and to extend the same to horses and lambs; and to amend the said act.

33. An act for explaining and amending an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy and for establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments; and for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his Majesty's ships.

34. An act for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the further preventing frauds and abuses attending the payment of wages, prize money, and other allowances, due for the Service of petty officers and seamen on board any of his Majesty's ships; for further extending the benefits thereof to petty officers and seamen, noncommissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his Majesty's Ships.

35. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

36. An act to continue several laws therein mentioned, relating to the discontinuing the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland and the British plantations in America; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas; to the better regulating of pilots, for the conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clark's hydrometer; and to the allowing the importation of seal skins, cured with foreign salt, free of duty.

37. An act for making perpetual an act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea in the island Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

38. An act for building a bridge over the river South Esk, at or near the town of Montrose, in the county of Forfar; and for making suitable approaches thereto.

39. An act to enable the inhabitants of the parish of Saint Botolph without Aldersgate, in the city of London to raise money for paying and discharging the debts that have been contracted in repairing their parish church, and building a new workhouse.

40. An act for amending the laws of excise relating to the manufactory of flint glass.

41. An act to exempt whale oil, and other articles therein mentioned, and sold by auction in Great Britain, from the duty imposed on such sales.

42. An act to empower the high court of chancery to lay out a further sum of the suitors money upon proper securities, and for applying the interest towards discharging the expences of the Office of the accountant general, and for building offices for the matters to ordinary in chancery, and a publick office for the suitors of the said court, and offices for the Secretaries of bankrupts and lunatics, and for building repositories for securing the title deeds of the suitors of the said court, and the records and proceedings of the commissioners of bankrupts and lunaticks.

43. An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands, in foreign ships.

44. An act for extending the provisions of an act, made to the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to empower the magistrates therein mentioned to settle and regulate the wages of persons employed in the silk manufacture within their respective jurisdictions, to manufactories of silk mixed with other materials; and for the more effectual punishment of buyers and receivers of silk purloined and embezzled by persons employed in the manufacture thereof.

45. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction.

46. An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

47. An act to explain and amend so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to hackney coaches and chairs.

48. An act to empower the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, to continue a section of the peace, and of oyer and terminer, begun to be held before the essoign day of term, and sitting of the King's Bench at Westminster, notwithstanding the happening of such essoign day, or the sitting of the said court of Kings Bench at Westminster, or elsewhere, in the said county of Middlesex.

49. An act for allowing the importation of Quercitron or black oak bark, when the price of oak bark shall be under the price mentioned in an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, and for lowering the duty payable on red Mangrove bark imported into this kingdom.

50. An act for the relief of the coast trade of Great Britain; for exempting certain coast documents from stamp duties; for abolishing the bond usually called The Isle of Man Bond; and for permitting corn and grain brought coastwise to be transhipped into lighters, for the purpose of being carried through the canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

51. An act to exempt certain letters passing between merchants or other persons carrying on trade or commerce in this kingdom, containing agreements with respect to merchandise, notes, or bills of exchange, from the stamp duty now imposed on written agreements.

52. An act to continue, for a limited time, several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

53. An act for the more effectual administration of the office of a justice of the peace in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies.

54. An act for more effectually securing the duties upon foreign printed, painted, or stained paper, imported into Great Britain.

55. An act to render more effectual an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for vesting certain sums in of, at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national debt; and to direct the application of an additional sum to the reduction of the said debt, in case of future loans.

56. An act for preventing the counterfeiting of certificates of the characters of servants.

57. An act for the further regulation of parish apprentices.

58. An act for the amendment of the law in proceedings upon information in nature of Quo Warranto.

59. An act to amend so much of two acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty-ninth years of the.reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the licensing of alehouse keepers and victuallers; and for better regulating alehouses, and the manner of granting such licences in future; and also of granting licences to persons selling wines to be drank in their houses.

60. An act to remove doubts respecting the functions of juries in cases of libel.

61. An act to indemnify persons, being proprietors, printers, and editors of newspapers and other publications, from certain penalties incurred under several acts therein mentioned, relative to lotteries.

62. An act for removing the land of hackney coaches out of New Bond Street and Old Bond Street, in the parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the liberty of Westminster.

63. An act for granting relief to pastors, ministers, and lay persons of the episcopal communion in Scotland.

64. An act for repairing, altering, and improving the parish church or Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the same parish.

65. An act to extend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for enlarging and regulating the trade into the Levant Seas.

66. An act for providing an additional burying ground for the use of the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex; for shutting up the present foot path leading through the church yard, and making a commodious one in lieu thereof.

67. An act for extending certain acts therein mentioned to petty officers and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving, or who may have served, on board any of his majesty's ships, and residing in Ireland.

68. An act for making effectual the Statute labour in the county of Renfrew, and for levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing high roads and bridges in the said county.

69. An act for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the towns of Manchester and Salford, in the county palatine of Lancaster; for widening and rendering more commodious several of the said streets, lanes, and passages; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

70. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of and belonging to the parish of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester.

71. An act for enclosing, dividing, and allotting a certain common or waste ground, called Bolton Moor, and other the commons and waste grounds within the township of Great Bolton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for widening, paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and regulating the streets, lanes, passages, and places within the towns of Great Bolton and Little Bolton; and for supplying the said towns with water, and for providing fire engines and firemen and for removing and preventing nuisances, incroachments, and annoyances; and for licensing and regulating hackney coaches and chairs within the said towns.

72. An act for vesting in James Turner, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole use and property of a certain yellow colour, of his invention, throughout that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for a limited time.

73. An act for more effectually securing to Joseph Booth, and to the public, the benefit of a certain invention or discovery therein mentioned, for which he hath obtained letters patent under the great seal of Great Britain.

74. An act for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleaning, amending, and preserving the haven of Sandwich, in the same county.

75. An act for further enlarging and improving the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland.

76. An act for building a new church or chapel within the town and parish of Liverpool, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

77. An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the hundreds of Cirencester, Crowthorne and Minty, Brightwells Barrow, Rapsgate, Bradley, Bisley and Longtree, commonly called Hundreds of Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester.

78. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and otherwise improving, the streets, lanes, and other public passages and places, within the borough of Derby; and for selling a certain piece of waste ground, situate within the said borough, called Nun's Green, towards defraying the expense of the said improvements.

79. An act for amending an act of the sixteenth year of His present Majesty, relating to the haven and harbour of Boston, in the county of Lincoln; and for regulating the mooring and removing of ships and other vessels within the said haven and harbour, and for removing obstructions therein.

80. An act for better paving, cleansing, and otherwise improving the borough of Boston, in the county of Lincoln.

81. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or from near Wyrley Bank, in the county of Stafford, to communicate with the Birmingham, and Birmingham and Fazeley canal, at or near the town of Wolverhampton, in the said county; and also certain collateral cuts therein described, from the said intended canal.

82. An act for building a new gaol, a penitentiary house, and house of correction, within the city of Bristol, and for regulating, maintaining, and supporting the same; and for disposing of the present common gaol of the said city of Bristol and county of the same city, and for other purposes.

83. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the foot of Coombe Hill, in the parish of Leigh, in the county of Gloucester, to join the river Severn, at or near a place called Fisher's, otherwise Fletcher's Leap, in the parish of Deerhurst, in the said county.

84. An act for making a navigable canal from Manchester, to or near Ashton-under-lyne, and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

85. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of and within such part of the parish of Whitchurch as maintains its own poor and lies within the county of Salop.

86. An act for repairing or rebuilding the pier adjoining to the harbour of Broadstairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent; and for the better preserving the said harbour; and for removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, and regulating the mooring of ships and vessels within the said harbour.

87. An act to enable the dean and chapter of Hereford to rebuild the west end of the cathedral church of Hereford, and to repair other parts thereof.

88. An act for rebuilding the chapel, and enlarging the chapel yard of Lane End, within the parish of Stoke upon Trent, in the county of Stafford.

89. An act for building a new church or chapel in the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

90. An act for building a bridge across the river Wear, from the bank or shore thereof, in the parish of Bishop Wearmouth, in the county of Durham, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Monk Wearmouth, in the same county.

91. An act for more effectually draining and preserving certain lowlands, within the parish of Great Carlton, in the county of Lincoln.

92. An act for making a harbour in the cove of Beer, in the county of Devon.

93. An act for improving the communication between the county of Edinburgh and the county of Fife, by the passages or ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, in the county of Edinburgh, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland in the county of Fife; and for rendering the harbours and landing places more commodious.

94. An act for regulating and improving the salmon fisheries in the river Nith, in the county of Dumfries.

95. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor within the several parishes of Atcham, Wroxeter, Berrington, Cund, Eaton Constantine, Henley, Leighton, Uffington, and Upton Magna, and the chapelry of Cressage, in the county of Salop.

96. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor; belonging to the parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and certain other parishes and places therein mentioned in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

97. An act for building a bridge, at or near the ferry over the river Thames, from Whitchurch, in the county of Oxford, to the opposite shore, in the parish of Pangbourn, in the county of Berks.

98. An act for appointing commissioners to sell and dispose of a certain unfinished building at or near Taunton, in the county, of Somerset, intended for a public hospital or infirmary, and of a piece of ground belonging thereto, in case a sufficient sum of money shall not be raised by subscription, within a limited time, for finishing the said building, and paying the money due on account thereof.

99. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the city of Worcester, and of the parishes of Saint Martin and Saint Clement, which are part within the city of Worcester, and part within the county of Worcester, and for providing a burial ground for the use of such parishes.

100. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Cromford canal, in the county of Nottingham, to or near to the town of Nottingham, and to the river Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge; and also certain collateral cuts therein described from the said intended canal.

101. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmoreland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg; and also another navigable branch from, at, or near, Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

102. An act for making and maintaining a navigable cut or canal from, or from some place near Pontnewynydd, into the river Usk, at or near the town of Newport; and a collateral cut or canal from the same, at or near a place called Cryndau Farm to or near to Crumlin Bridge, all in the county of Monmouth; and for making and maintaining railways, or stone roads, from such cuts or canals, to several ironworks and mines, in the counties of Monmouth and Brecknock,

103. An act for the better paving, cleaning, widening, and regulating the streets, courts, roads, lanes, ways, rows, alleys, and public passages and places, within the town of Portsea, in the county of Southampton; and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions within the said town.

104. An act for building a new gaol and house of correction for the town and county borough of Carmarthen, and for supplying the said town and county borough, and the liberties thereof, with water; and for paving, watching, lighting, cleansing, and regulating the streets, lanes, ways, roads, and public passages, and for widening, and making the same more commodious; and removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, and obstructions therein; and for other purposes.

105. An act for improving the navigation of the river Medway, from the town of Maidstone, through the several parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford in the county of Kent.

106. An act for making and maintaining a navigation from Sleaford Castle Causeway, through the town of Sleaford, in the county of Lincoln, along the course of Sleaford Mill Stream and Kyme Eau, to the river Witham, at or near Chappel Hill, in the same county, and for making necessary cuts for better effecting the said navigation.

107. An act for enlarging and improving the canal called Tattershall Canal, from the river Witham to the town of Tattershall, and extending the same into the river Bain, and for making the said river Bain navigable from thence to or into the town of Horncastle, all in the county of Lincoln; and also for amending and rendering complete the navigable communication between the said river Witham and the Fosdike canal, through the High Bridge, in the city of Lincoln.

108. An act for dividing, allotting, and enclosing the commons and waste grounds, within the town or hamlet of March, in the manor and parish of Doddington, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge; and for altering and amending an act passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the townships or hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the parish of Upwell, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

109. An act for dividing, enclosing, draining, and improving the open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds, within the several townships or hamlets of Hessle, Anlaby, and Tranby, in the county of the town of Kingston upon Hull; and for making a compensation in lieu of tithe for certain ancient enclosed lands within the said several townships or hamlets, and also within the township or hamlet of Wooferton, otherwise Wolfreton, in the same county.

110. An act for dividing and enclosing certain parts of the common, moors or tracts of waste land, called Hexhamshire, and Allendale Common, and also certain town fields within the regality or manor of Hexham, in the county of Northumberland, and for stinting the depasturing of the other parts of the said commons, moors, or waste land.

111. An act for continuing and amending an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, for amending the road from the end of the Town Close, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the Chalk Pits, near Thetford, in the county of Norfolk.

112. An act for continuing and amending an act of the tenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road from Saint Benedict's Gate, in the county of the city of Norwich, to Swaffham, in the county of Norfolk, and from Halfpenny Bridge, in Honingham, to the bounds of Yaxham; and also a lane called hangman's Lane, near the gates of the said city.

113. An act for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the road leading from the north end of the turnpike road called The Coal Road, near West Auckland, in the county of Durham, to the Elsdon turnpike road at or near Elishaw, in the county of Northumberland; and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient bridges, mounts, and batteries, upon the same.

114. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repaving the road from Cherrill, through Caine, to Studley Bridge, and from Cherrill to the Three Mile Burrough, at the top of Cherrill Hill, in the county of Wilts; and for more effectually amending the turnpike road from Chittoe Heath, to the town of Calne.

115. An act for enlarging the term, and altering the powers of an act, made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and from thence to the turnpike road leading from Horsham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the maypole in the town of Henfield, in the county of Sussex; and also for keeping in repair a certain branch of road leading from the direction post near a certain place called The Crab Tree, in the parish of Beding otherwise Seal, through the parishes of Nuthurst and Horsham, to the town of Horsham, in the said county.

116. An act for enlarging the term of an act of the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening the road from Upton, in the parish of Ratley, to the north end of Bridge Street, in the town of Great Kington, and from thence to the guide post, at the town of Wellesbourne Hastings, in the county of Warwick.

117. An act for repairing and widening the road leading out of the turnpike road from Dover, through Folkestone to Hythe, at a certain place called Canterbury Lane, within the liberty of the town of Folkestone, to a certain place, in the parish of Folkestone, called Mudshole; and for making a new road from thence through a certain field, called Yaldergates, through Rainden Wood, over Swingfeld Minnis, through Denton; and for repairing and widening the road from thence to the direction post on Barham Downs, in the parish of Barham, at the Four Vents.

118. An act for enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, made and passed in the eighteenth and twenty second years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road leading from Boroughbridge, in the county of York, through Northallerton, in the same county, to Croft Bridge, on the river Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the county Durham, to the city of Durham; and for reducing the said acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the said road.

119. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Kingston upon Thames, in the county of Surrey, to a place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the county of Southampton.

120. An act for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by the town of Bathgate, to Baillieston, in the county of Lanerk; and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain branches of road from the said line of road; and for building a bridge over the water of Avon at Torphichen Mill; and for discharging the trustees for executing two acts passed in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and two acts passed in the fourteenth and thirty first years of the reign of his present Majesty, from the care of such part of the road from Newhouse Inn to Glasgow as leads from the confines of the parishes of Monkland and Shotts to the east boundary of Baillieston aforesaid, and putting the same under the power of the trustees appointed by this act.

121. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, so far as relates to the road leading from Renfrew to Greenock, by Corsehill, and by the side of the river Clyde, and by Port Glasgow, and the bridge at Inchinnan; and for more effectually making, and repairing and altering the course of the said road from Renfrew to Greenock; and for making and repairing other roads connecting therewith, and leading to and from Paisley, in the county of Renfrew, and the branches thereof; and for shutting up bye roads that are useless to the public.

122. An act for making and repairing the road from the town of Lanark, to the town of Hamilton, in the county of Lanark.

123. An act for enlarging the terms and powers of several acts, of the twenty sixth year of his late Majesty's reign, and, of the eleventh and fifteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the high roads in the county of Peebles; and for making the said acts more effectual, and for better regulating the Statute labour within the said county.

124. An act for continuing the term, and altering the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the repairing and widening several roads leading through the county of Lanark.

125. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to enlarge the term and powers of so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Second, as relates to the repairing the road from Cramond Bridge to the town of Queensferry, in the county of Linlithgow.

126. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the several roads, or branches of road, leading from the parishes of Toxford, Saxmundham, and Benhall, in the county of Suffolk, to the town of Aldeburgh, in the said county.

127. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from The Hoodgate, at the west end of the town of Middleton in Teesdale, in the county of Durham, to the gate in the new enclosure called The Edge, near the collieries called West Pitts, in the parish of Saint Andrew's Auckland, in the same county; and also a branch from the said road, at or near the head of the town of Egleston, to Egleston Bridge, over the river Tees.

123. An act for repairing and improving the road from the town of Chapel en le Frith to, or near to, Enterclough Bridge, in the county of Derby; and also the road from the village of Hayfield to Marple Bridge, in the said county; and also the road from the village of Glossop to a certain gate called Claylands Gate, in the township of Longdendale, on or near to the side of the turnpike road leading from Mottram to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chester.

129. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Swanspool Bridge, in the city of Peterborough, to the town of Thorney, in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge; and for altering the course of some part of the said road.

130. An act for continuing and amending two acts, of the twenty sixth year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, amending, and widening the road leading from the Red Post, in the parish of Fivehead, through the towns of Langport and Somerton, to Butwell; and several other roads therein mentioned, in the county of Somerset; and for repairing, amending, and widening certain other roads within the said county.

131. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts of the thirty first year of King George the Second, and tenth year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the county of York.

132. An act to continue the term of two acts of the seventeenth year of King George the Second, and the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the end of Middleton Tyas Lane, over Gatherly Moor, to Greata Bridge, and from thence to Bowes, in the north riding of the county of York.

133; For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the low water mark of the river Humber, at or near Brough Ferry, in the parish of Elloughton, in the east riding of the county of York, to the north end of the town of Brough, and from thence, through South Cave, to Coney Clappers, in South Newbald Holmes in the said riding.

134. An act for continuing and amending two acts, of the seventeenth year of King George the Second, and the ninth year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to repairing the road from the town of Buckingham to the north extent of the parish of Hanwell, in the county of Oxford.

135. An act for enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two several acts of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-first and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road from the town of Bowes, in the county of York, to Barnard Castle, in the county of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence by Melderston Gill otherwise Cowndon Gill, to the turnpike road near Sunderland Bridge, in the county of Durham; and for reducing the said acts into one, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the said road.

136. An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of two acts, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between the town of Kingston upon Hull and the town of Beverley, in the east riding of the county of York; and for repairing the road from Newland Bridge to the west end of the town of Cottingham, in the said riding.

137. An act for making, amending, and keeping in repair, a road from the bottom of Mason's Lane, near the town of Bradford, in the county of Wilts, to join the turnpike road leading from the city of Bath to Kingsdown, at or near Bathford Bridge, in the county of Somerset.

138. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign, of his present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from Hodges to Beadles Hill, and from thence to the town of Cuckfield, and from Beadles Hill aforesaid to the town of Lindfield, and from the turnpike road between Cuckfield and Crawley to the town of Horsham; and also the road from Swingate, in the parish of Burwash, to Shover Green, in the parish of Ticehurst, all in the county of Sussex.

139. An act for making and maintaining a road from, or nearly from, Stand Edge, within Saddleworth, in the west riding of the county of York, to or near Mump's Brooks in the township of Oldham in the parish of Prestwich, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and also a road leading out of the said intended road, through or near Dobcross, to or near a place called Wall Hill in Saddleworth aforesaid; also another road leading out of the said first mentioned road, at or near a place called Shaw Hall, to or near a place called Hollins, all in saddle worth aforesaid.

140. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the market house in Stourbridge, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Worcester, Stafford, Salop, and Warwick, respectively, so far as the said acts relate to the repairing of the roads from Blakedown Pool, in the parish of Hagley and county of Worcester, to the top of Smallbrooke Street; and from The Five Ways to Easy Row, in Birmingham, in the said county of Warwick.

141. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the fifth year of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads leading from the town of Warminster, in the county of Wilts, and for amending several other roads in or near the said town; for repairing several roads in and leading through the town of Warminster; for paving and repairing the footways, and regulating the market, within the said town of Warminster.

142. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Collingham, through Wetherby, to the city of York.

143. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Burlton, in the county of Salop, through Knockin, to Llanymynech, in the same county, and from Knockin to the east end of the Llanriader road; and from Place Carrack Lane to the turnpike road from Llanymynech to Oswestry, near Coid Issa mountain, and from Oswestry turnpike road on Knockin Heath, to the east end of Knockin Lane.

144. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Penn Inn, in the county of Dorset, to or near Shipley Lane, in the parish of Honiton, in the county of Devon, and from Northcote Lane, in Honiton aforesaid, to or near Collumpton, in the said county of Devon; and several other roads in the counties of Dorset, Devon, and Somerset; and for repealing so much of an act passed in the thirty first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis, as relates to the road from Fair Mile Inn to Straightway Head otherwise Stretwood Head, in the parish of Whimple, in the said county of Devon.

145. An act for repairing and improving the road leading from Cornhill Burn, by Pallinsburn and Flodden Lane to Milfield March Burn, and by Ford Bridge to Lowick, and also several other reads therein mentioned; all in the counties of Northumberland and Durham.

146. An act for amending, widening, altering, and repairing the roads from Swell Wold, in the parish of Lower Swell, in the county of Gloucester, to or near the six mile stone on the turnpike road leading from the borough of Tewkesbury to the town of Stow, in the same county; and from the north-east end of The Swan Lane, in the parish of Cheltenham, in the same county, to the turnpike road leading to Evesham, in the parish of Sedgeborough, in the county of Worcester; and from the town of Winchcomb, in the said county of Gloucester, by a place called Stamp Cross, to or near the tenth mile stone on the said turnpike road, leading from Tewkesbury to Stow aforesaid.

147. An act to enlarge the term, and alter and amend the powers of two several acts, passed in the thirty second year of the reign of King George the Second, and the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the south end of the South Street, in the parish of South Malling, near the town of Lewes, to Glynd Bridge, and from thence through Firle Street under the Hill, to Longbridge, in the parish of Alfriston, in the county of Sussex, (except so far as the said acts relate to that part of the said road which lies between a place, commonly called Bopeep, in the parish of Alciston, and Longbridge aforesaid); and for amending and keeping in repair several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county of Sussex.

148. An act for repairing and improving the road leading from the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the county of Suffolk, to and through the town of Thetford, in the county of Norfolk, to the present turnpike road leading from Lynn, through the parish of Cranwich, in the said county of Norfolk.

149. An act for repealing an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the roads from the confines of the county of Berwick, at or near Banghouse Walls, to Compton's Lanes and Eymouth, and from the town of Eccles to Eymouth, and from Whitelaw Muir to Compton's Lanes, in the county of Berwick; and for repairing, widening, and amending several roads, and for regulating the statute labour, in the said county of Berwick.

150. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road from the market house, in the town of Great Farringdon, in the county of Berks, to Burford, in the county of Oxford.

151. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the Eaton Bridge turnpike road at Cockham Hill, in the parish of Westerham, in the county of Kent, through the village of Limpsfield, to the village of Titsey, over Botley Hill, Worms Heath, and Wallingham Common, to the turnpike road leading from Croydon to Godstone, in the county of Surrey.

152. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue the term of two acts, made in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the roads from the city of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to the Three Mile House, to the town of Airdrie, and from the village of Gorbals to the chapel of Cambuslang, in the counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as the said act relates to the road from the city of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge; and for more effectually making, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the road of communication between the said road from Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the canal from The Forth to The Clyde.

153. An act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the road leading from the town of Burford, in the county of Oxford, to Leachlade, in the county of Gloucester, and for making a road from thence to the river Isis or Thames; for building a bridge across the said river, and for making a road from thence to join the present road leading from Leachlade to Inglesham; and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the said last mentioned road to and through the town of Highworth, in the county of Wilts, to the present turnpike road leading from Cricklade to Swindon, in the same county.

154. An act for altering and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the thirty first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Livingston, by the kirk of Shots, to the city of Glasgow, and other roads therein mentioned; and for building a bridge over the river Clyde at or near Thecvesford, and for opening and making certain streets in and near the city of Glasgow; altering a part of the high road betwixt Edinburgh and Glasgow, by carrying a new line of road to the north of the hills, and another line of road by the south, and for straightening and making the roads more convenient; as also for altering the road from the city of Glasgow to the town of Hamilton, and for building a bridge over the river Clyde below the present old bridge, called Bothwell Bridge; as also for altering the road from the town of Hamilton, eastward, until it joins the great road between Edinburgh and Glasgow.

155. An act for continuing the term, and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Tadcaster Bridge, within the county of the city of York, to a place near the said city called Hobmoor Lane End.

156. An act for repairing, altering, and improving the road from Golden Grove Park, in the parish of Llandilofawr, to the turnpike road leading from the new bridge over the river Towy to the lime kilns in the parish of Llandarog; and also several other roads therein mentioned, all in the county of Carmarthen.

157. An act for repealing an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Stone to Lane End, and to the road between Leek and Sandon, on Meir Heath, and from Meir to Trentham, and from thence to Stableford, in the county of Stafford, and for granting aether powers for those purposes; and for repairing and improving the road from a place called Walton, in Stone aforesaid, to Eccleshall, in the said county of Stafford.

158. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from the east end of the bridge across the river Quze, in Downham Market, to The Queen's Head, and from The Chequer Inn, in Downham Market aforesaid, to the east end of the two mile close, in the parish of Barton, and towards Watton, to a place called The Devil's Ditch, in the county of Norfolk; and for stopping up the road leading from Stradset, through Barton Layes, towards Watton.

159. An act for amending and more effectually repairing the road from The Black Bull Inn, in Dunstable, in the county of Bedford, to The King's Arms in Hockliffe, in the said county.

160. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Shelton to the road between Cheadle and Leek, and from Bucknall to Weston Coyney, and from the road between Cheadle and Leek to the turnpike road above Frogall Bridge, and from the same road to the road between Blyth Marsh and Thorp, at or near Ruehill Gate, in the county of Stafford, so far as the same relates to the road from Shelton to Black Lane Head, and from Buknall to Weston Coyney.

