Public acts passed in 1794, 34 George 3 c.1 - c.143.
From Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 39 part 2.
---

1. An act for raising the sum of eleven millions by way of annuities.

2. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

3. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on foreign spirits imported into Great Britain.

4. An act for making perpetual certain duties on foreign spirits, and on sugar, imported into Great Britain.

5. An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

6. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

7. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

8. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

9. An act for preventing money or effects, in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to or disposeable by persons resident in France, being applied to the use of the persons exercising the powers of government in France; and for preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.

10. An act for repealing the stamp duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail.

11. An act for repealing the duties on the registry of burials, births, marriages, and christenings.

12. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; to give furthetime to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

13. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

14. An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.

15. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on bricks and tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

16. An act for augmenting the militia.

17. An act for regulating the portage and conveyance of letters by the carriage called The Penny Post.

18. An act for granting rates of postage for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those islands.

19. An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

20. An act for repealing the duties on paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, and glazed paper; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

21. An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and victualling bills; and for providing for the regular payment of all navy and victualling bills that shall be issued in future.

22. An act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland and whale fishery to complete their full number of men, at certain ports, for a limited time.

23. An act for amending and making perpetual an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the arts of designing and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and muslins, by vesting the properties thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.

24. An act for making certain navigable cuts from the towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the county of Buckingham, to communicate with the grand junction navigation, authorised to be made by an act of the last session of parliament; and for amending the said act.

25. An act for extending the Wyrley and Effington canal.

26. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, at the intended aqueduct bridge in Dukinfeld, in the county of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton, in the county of Derby; and a communication by railways or stone roads from thence to Load's Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said county of Derby, and a branch from and out of the said intended canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said county of Chester.

27. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

28. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

29. An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

30. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

31. An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men, as shall voluntarily inroll themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

32. An act for enabling the commissioners of the stamp duties to stamp bills of exchange and notes in certain cases.

33. An act for making perpetual certain duties of excise on distilleries, and on licences granted to distillers, in Scotland; and for appropriating the said duties.

34. An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution, an order of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, respecting the exportation of pot ashes or pearl ashes; for preventing suits in consequence of the same; for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, or carrying coastwise, of pot ashes or pearl ashes; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

35. An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons adding as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

36. An act to continue several laws relating to the exportation of culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

37. An act for altering an act, passed in the Seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for making the rivers Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, by incorporating the proprietors of the said navigation; and to declare their respective shares therein to be personal estate.

38. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the parish of Budbrooke, in the county of Warwick, into the Oxford canal, in the parish of Braunston, in the county of Northampton.

39. An act for making a navigable canal from or near Porthywain lime rocks, in the parish of Llanyblodwell, in the county of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the county of Montgomery; and also certain collateral cuts from the said canal.

40. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

41. An act to impower the East India company to continue a bond debt of two millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as circumstances may require.

42. An act for granting to foreign Ships, put under his Majesty's protection, the privileges of prize ships, under certain regulations and restrictions; for allowing aliens in foreign colonies, surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors; and for repealing an act, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for granting a liberty to carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and also so much of an act, passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said act.

43. An act to enable subjects of France to enlist as soldiers in regiments to serve on the continent of Europe, and in certain other places; and to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to subjects of France, to serve and receive pay as officers in such regiments, or as engineers, under certain restrictions.

44. An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of two acts, made in the tenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to regulating the fees of the officers of the customs, and of the naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland.

45. An act to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Island.

46. An act for taking of special bail in actions and suits depending in the court of common pleas of the county palatine of Lancaster.

47. An act to amend an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws, relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England; and also an act, made in this present section of parliament, intituled, Act act for augmenting the militia.

48. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

49. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying a certain, sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

50. An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs that no cambrick or lawn shall be imported from Ireland, until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by law; to allow the importation of cambricks and French lawns from the Austrian Netherlands, for a limited time; for making more effectual an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of tobacco shipped for exportation.

51. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs, on slate, stone, and marble.

52. An act for paving, and otherwise improving, the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

53. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal of sir John Ramsden baronet, at or near the town of Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, at or near the town of Ashton-under-Lyne aforesaid, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

54. An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

55. An act for saving to his Majesty the duty of new subsidy on tobacco, imported into that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

56. An act for extending the time limited by an act of this section for delivering in navy and victualling bills.

57. An act for further continuing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

58. An act to prevent the removal of suits from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancaster, into the court of common pleas of the said county palatine.

59. An act for extending the provisions of an act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of the board of ordnance, the commissioners of the navy, the commissioners for victualling the navy, and the commissioners of sick and hurt.

60. An act to continue so much of several laws, respecting the transportation and imprisonment of offenders, as relates to the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement.

61. An act for the better observation of the Lord's day, by persons exercising the trade of bakers.

62. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

63. An act for allowing the exercise of an invention of a new method of tanning hides and skins.

64. An act for the more effectually repairing of such parts of the highways of this kingdom as are to be repaired by two parishes.

65. An act for better regulating and governing the watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the river of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor.

66. An act to enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to ascertain what sum shall be paid into his Majesty's exchequer, in full satisfaction of the debt due on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys esquire, in trust for the late right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said lords of that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged premises, in order to recover the balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

67. An act for vesting in John Wilkinson esquire, in trust for the assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a messuage and other hereditaments, in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandasequi, an alien; and for discharging the same from the right of the crown, in respect of the alienage.

68. An act for the further encouragement of British mariners; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

69. An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

70. An act to exempt ships of war, and private ships or vessels of war, taken as prize, from payment of duty.

71. An act for supplying such of the French islands, as may be in his Majesty's possession, with the several sorts of corn, meal, flour, and biscuit, necessary for the maintenance of the inhabitants of the said islands.

72. An act to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties to stamp the paper used for printing newspapers thereon, in sheets of single demy paper instead of sheets of double demy paper.

73. An act for directing the appointment of commissioners, to administer certain oaths and declarations required by law to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the election of members to serve in parliament.

74. An act for varying some of the provisions in an act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, respecting the publick highways, within that part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the performance of statute duty.

75. An act for the better management of the land revenue of the crown, and for the sale of fee farm and other unimproveable rents.

76. An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's batteries, and other works, in the counties of Kent and Devon.

77. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from Bury Bridge, in the parish of Bury, by Hasingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

78. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Colder navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge wharf, in the parish of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to join the canal of his grace the duke of Bridgewater, in the parish of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also certain cuts from the said intended canal.

79. An act for more effectually preserving money or effects, in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, persons resident in France, for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.

80. An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

81. An act for amending so much of an act, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the same.

82. An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

83. An act to explain so much of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament, as relates to the time of presenting certain renewed petitions, and taking the same into consideration.

84. An act for erecting a penitentiary house or houses for confining and employing convicts.

85. An act to remove certain difficulties in the execution of the powers vested in the commissioners appointed by two acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston bridge.

86. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, with certain railways and done roads, from several collieries, in the county of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Rennet and Avon canal, in the parish of Bradford, in the county of Wilts.

87. An act for extending and improving the Birmingham canal navigations.

88. An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Saint Alkmond, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

89. An act for paving the footways in the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks; for better cleaning, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, passages, and places, in the said town; for removing and preventing incroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said town.

90. An act for making a navigable canal from the river Rennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath, and also certain navigable cuts therein described.

91. An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of two acts made in the seventeenth year of the reign of His late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Borrowstounness, and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the harbour of the said town; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

92. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Wisbech river, at or near a place called the Old Sluice, in the town of Wisbech in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, to join the river Nene in the parish of Outwell, in the said isle of Ely, and in the county of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the navigation of the said river from Outwell church to Salters Load sluice.

93. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the parish of Bedworth, in the county of Warwick, to a certain close in the parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence in one line to the limeworks at Ticknall, in the county of Derby, and in another line to the limeworks at Cloudhill, in the said county of Leicester^ with certain cuts or branches from the said canal.

94. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to complete the said navigation, and to vary the line thereof, and to raise a further fmn of money for those purposes; and for making a navigable branch, therein described, from the intended new line of the said canal.

95. An act to alter and amend an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Trent; and for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the said river, in the parish of Beep on, to join the Nottingham canal, in the parish of Lenton, in the county of Nottingham, and also certain cuts on the side of the said river.

96. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in repair, the streets, squares, and other publick passages and places, which are and shall be made upon certain pieces of ground in the parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and deserted young children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital.

97. An act for building a new shire hall for the county of Stafford.

98. An act for the better relief, regulation, and employment of the poor, within the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

99. An act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erecting docks, breasts, jettees, and piers; and for regulating ships, lighters, and other vessels trading into and going out of the said harbour; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

100. An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and for regulating the statute labour within the same; and for repairing several other roads in the said county, and for building a bridge over the river South Esk, near Finhaven.

110. to enable his Majesty to grant, in fee simple, certain estates vested in him by reason of the attainders of the persons therein named, to the descendants of such attainted persons.

102. An act for improving the outfall of the river Welland, in the county of Lincoln, and for the better drainage of the fen lands, low grounds, and marshes, discharging their waters through the same into the sea; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Welland, by means of a new cut, to commence below a certain place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence through the inclosed marshes, and open salt marshes, into Wyberton roads, between the port of Boston, and a place called The Scalp; and for disposing of the bare or white sands, adjoining to the said river; and for building a bridge over the said cut.

103. An act for amending and altering certain acts of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation, to the city of Oxford.

104. An act to amend and enlarge the powers of an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better paving, cleaning, and lighting the town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances, and for widening the streets, lanes, and other passages, within the said town.

105. An act for building a new bridge over the river Parrett, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the quays, in the port of Bridgewater aforesaid; for abolishing the ancient and accustomed duties, and for imposing certain new duties at the port of Bridgewater aforesaid, instead thereof; for regulating the moorings and stations of ships and vessels in the said port; and for imposing a certain toll on horses, carriages, and cattle.

106. An act for paving, and otherwise improving, the town of Abergavenny, and the limits thereof, in the county of Monmouth.

107. An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the county of Stafford, and for enlarging the cemetery or burial ground belonging thereto.

108. An act for regulating the manner of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise the Salt Marsh, in the parish of Almondsbury, in the county of Gloucester.

109. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan, into the parish of Ystradgunlais, in the county of Brecon.

110. An act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the sea, the lands on the sea coasts of the parish of Abergele, in the county of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the county of Flint, and sundry other marshes, commons, and waste lands, in the said parish of Rhydlan, and in the several parities of Diserth, and Meliden, in the said county of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some part thereof, one or more aqueducts, or other water-courses and drains; and to inclose, divide, and sell, competent parts of the said several marshes, commons, and waste lands, to defray the expences of the said works, and to raise a fund for the future repair and preservation thereof.

111. An act to enable the rector of the parish of Saint Stephen, in the city of Bristol, for the time being, and the feoffees of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to the same parish, to sell, and re-convey to the mayor, burgesses, and commonalty, of the city of Bristol, a certain plot of ground, situate within and belonging to the said parish, and for applying the monies arising by such sale, and certain other monies, to the purposes of an act, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making commodious ways and passages within the parish of Saint Stephen, in the city of Bristol, and for enlarging the burying ground belonging to the said parish.

112. An act for better regulating the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent.

113. An act to enable the trustees for the care of the road through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to purchase certain buildings and hereditaments for the purpose of making a new road at the entrance into the town of Saint Alban.

114. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the county of Norfolk, and a certain part of the road leading from the said road towards Holt, in the said county.

115. An act to enlarge the term and powers of three acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the tenth and twenty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a lane leading by the end of Stone Bridge, in the said county.

116. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Warwick road, near Solihul, to the guide post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid road on Balsall Common, in the county of Warwick.

117. An act for enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament, for repairing several roads in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley district of the said roads; and for amending certain other roads in the county of Stafford.

118. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts of the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton to the south wall of the church yard of the town of Thirsk, and from the south-east end of the street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwold, in the county of York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York, and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

119. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, and other roads within the said county; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain other roads within the said county, adjoining, or lying near to, the roads comprized in the said acts.

120. An act for amending and repairing the roads from a place called Scaddow Gate, in the parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch turnpike road, at or near a place called The Wooden Box, and certain other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Derby and Leicester.

121. An act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the road from Harrowgate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the north-east corner of Hutton Moor, and from the east end of Kirby Hill Aloor, to the town of Ripon aforesaid.

122. An act for enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament, for repairing the road leading from the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a place called Monk's Bridge, in the said county; and also, from the said town of Ludlow, to a place or house called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the county of Hereford.

123. An act for enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads leading from the market house, and elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, and also the road leading from the turnpike or side gate, in the parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the turnpike road on the Clee Hill, in the said county; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from The Craven Arms, in the parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said county.

124. An act for amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving, the road leading from the town of Rochdale, to a place called Edenfield, in the parish of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

125. An act for altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Burtry Ford, in the county of Durham, to Alston, in the county of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the dyke, to Burnstones, in the county of Northumberland.

126. An act for repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the parish or hamlet of Middleton, in the county of Northampton.

127. An act for continuing the term of so much of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Carter's Bridge, in the parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the parish of Ramsey, in the county of Huntingdon.

128. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the county of Warwick.

129. An act for repairing the road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other roads in the counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

130. An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, made in the twentieth and thirtieth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the cow cawsey near the town of Newcastlee upon Tyne, to the town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the county of Northumberland.

131. An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of several acts of parliament, for repairing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex, and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great western road in the said county, and for lighting, watching, and watering the highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

132. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between The Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the county of Berks, and several other roads in the said county.

133. An act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the parish of Blimhill, in the said county.

134. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the west riding of the county of York.

135. An act for more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads leading from the town of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester, to the several places therein mentioned, being the first district of roads described in two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and for altering the course of part of the said roads; and also for making, and keeping in repair a road from Simmond's Ford Brook to the turnpike road leading to Evesham, in the county of Worcester, at or near Beckford Inn, in the said county of Gloucester, and from Gotherington to the turnpike road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at or near Sireford Inn, in the said county of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the parish of Didbrock, to the town of Stow on the Wold, in the county of Gloucester aforesaid.

136. An act for enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament for repairing several roads in the counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the road leading from the town of Bromsgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and for making a more commodious road near the town of Dudley.

137. An act for repairing and widening the road from a place called Black Grove, in the parish of Rawreth, over Battle's Bridge, to the town of Chelmsford, in the county of Essex.

138. An act for making and repairing several roads leading across the county of Stirling.

139. An act for making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

140. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue the terms of two acts, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the roads from the city of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three Mile House, to the town of Airdrie, and from the village of Gorballs to the chapel of Cambuslang, in the counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as respects the road from the toll house in Paisley Lane, at the west side of the entry to the new bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the east end of the bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to The Three Mile House in the county of Lanerk; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the said roads.

141. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act, passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads from Aldermaston, in the county of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the turnpike road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the turnpike road leading to Winchester, at Popham Lane, in the county of Southampton.

142. An act to continue the term, and to reduce into one act the powders, of four several acts, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the county of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford.

143. An act for amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Lyne Bridge, through Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke, and from Longtown to the bridge over the river of Sark, in the county of Cumberland.

