Public acts passed in 1795, 35 George 3 c.1 - c.166.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 40 part 1.
---

1. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

3. To continue, for a limited time, an act, made the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

4. For enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation, of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, for a limited time, without payment of duty.

5. For raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

6. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

7. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

8. For authorising the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to vary the course of a certain part of the said canal, in the county of Hertford, so as to tender the navigation thereof more safe and convenient; and for making some other amendments and alterations in an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

9. For procuring a supply of men from the several ports of this kingdom, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

10. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign wine and sweets.

11. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on worts, wash, and other liquors, made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for preventing distillers from making use of wheat or wheat flour in making wash for extracting spirits.

12. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on foreign spirits.

13. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tea, coffee, and cocoa nuts.

14. For raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

15. For rendering effectual his Majesty's orders in council of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respecting the admission of the effects mentioned in the said orders into the ports of this country, to be warehoused; and for indemnifying all persons who have acted in consequence of such orders.

16. For applying certain sums of money, raised in the county of Derby by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

17. For appointing of to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, together with those named in two former acts for appointing of of the land tax.

18. To repeal an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Island; and for better enabling his Majesty to establish such court in the said island.

19. For rendering more effectual an act of the present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

20. For granting certain duties of customs on the importation of fruit, sallad oil, waste silk, and timber, and on the exportation of British rock salt, and coal.

21. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven and hundred ninety-five.

22. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

23. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the of for the reduction of the national debt.

24. Further to continue an act, made in the thirty-third year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

25. For further continuing an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

26. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said united dates.

27. For altering, amending, and rendering more effectual, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for amending so much of an act, passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, 'An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the same.

28. To enable petty officers in the navy, and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

29. For raising a certain number of men, in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

30. For granting to his Majesty several additional duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper; and for repealing a certain exception as far as relates to bonds given as security for the payment of one hundred pounds or under, contained in an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign.

31. For extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to cutters, luggers, shallops, wherries, smacks, or yawls, of any build whatever; for amending an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of customs; for amending an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain prize goods in this kingdom; and for authorising the of of excise at Edinburgh to grant licences to manufacturers and dealers in tobacco and snuff, within the limits of the chief office of excise at Edinburgh.

32. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and victualling bills.

33. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

34. For enabling the magistrates, in the several counties in Great Britain, to raise and levy, under certain regulations, such able-bodied and idle persons as shall be found within the said counties, to serve in his Majesty's navy.

35. For making allowances, in certain cases, to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

36. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

37. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

38. To continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; to the discontinuing the duties payable on the importation of tallow, hogs lard, and grease; and to the prohibiting the importation of foreign wrought silks and velvets; and for making perpetual an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prohibit the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of artificers or workmen employed in those manufactures to go into parts beyond the seas.

39. For allowing a drawback of the duties upon coals used in carrying on the Pennygored works, in the county of Pembroke.

40. To enable his Majesty to grant to the right honourable John earl of Upper Offory in the kingdom of Ireland, baron Upper Offory, of Ampthill, in the county of Bedford, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Farming Woods, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, and also the reversion of certain offices, rents, and other hereditaments in the said county of Northampton, to which the said earl of Upper Offory is entitled for three lives, under a grant from his present Majesty, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

41. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for deepening, cleansing, and making more commodious, the harbour of Aberdeen; for erecting new piers and quays therein; and for regulating ships and vessels trading into, and going out of the said harbour.

42. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, in the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer, vended or sold within the town of Montrose and privileges thereof, for supplying the said town with fresh water, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

43. For making a navigable cut from the Grand Junction Canal, in the precinct of Norwood, in the county of Middlesex, to Paddington, in the said county.

44. To enable the most noble Francis duke of Bridgewater to make a navigable cut from his present navigation in the township of Worsley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the township of Pennington, near the town of Leigh, in the said county.

45. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act, made and passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, repairing, and keeping in repair, Finsbury Square, in the parish of Saint Luke, in the county of Middlesex, and part of the manor of Finsbury, and certain other streets and places communicating with or near to the said square; and for preventing or removing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

46. For laying out and making a new street from White friar Gate to the south end of Quay Street, within the town and county of the town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

47. For taking down the chapel of the chapelry of Haydon, in the parish of Warden, in the county of Northumberland, and for building a new chapel, in a convenient situation, within the said chapelry.

48. For amending two acts of the thirtieth year of King George the Second, and the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, so far as relates to the draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, within the township or hamlet of March, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge.

49. For granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder.

50. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose; and for giving further time to such persons as have omitted to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants.

51. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town and county of the town of Southampton to the city of New Sarum in the county of Wilts, with a collateral branch to Northam within the liberties of the town of Southampton.

52. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Thames or Isis, at or near the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks, to join or communicate with the Rennet and Avon canal, at or near the town of Trowbridge, in the county of Wilts; and also certain navigable cuts therein described.

53. For further regulating the sending and receiving letters free from the duty of postage; for allowing non-commissioned officers, seamen, and private men, in the navy and army, whilst on service, to send and receive letters at a low rate of postage; and for permitting patterns and samples of goods to be transmitted by the port at an easier rate than is now allowed by law.

54. For the encouragement of the mackerel fishery.

55. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on receipts.

56. To continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

57. To indemnify governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

58. For requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, of certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

59. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; and to amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland, and the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a limited time.

60. For applying certain sums of money raised in the county of Stafford by virtue of several acts of parliament made respecting the militia of this kingdom.

61. For repealing an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual assessing and collecting of the rates for the relief of the poor in the parish of Saint Botolph, Bishopsgate, in the liberties of the city of London; for providing a workhouse for the reception of the poor of the said parish; and for the employment, maintenance, and regulation, of the said poor therein.

62. To enable his Majesty's postmaster general to open and return certain letters contained in the mails, made up at the general post office in London, for the United Provinces, on the thirteenth, sixteenth, and twentieth days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and now remaining in the said general post office.

63. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on sea insurances.

64. For increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers, and others, on quartering soldiers, for a limited time.

65. To prevent unnecessary delay in the execution of writs for the election of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

66. For making part of certain principal sums, or stock and annuities, raised or created, or to be raised or created, by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, on loans for the use of the government of that kingdom, transferable, and the dividends on such stock and annuities payable, at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such stocks and annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

67. For rendering more effectual an act, passed in the first year of the reign of King James the First, intituled, An act to restrain all persons from marriage until their former wives and former husbands be dead.

68. For vesting, for a certain term of years, in the right honourable Henry Seymour Conway, his executors, administrators, and assigns, the sole property of a kiln or oven, by him invented, for burning lime, and for the use of distillers and brewers, and for other beneficial purposes.

69. For repealing so much of an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty to grant to the heirs of the former proprietors, upon certain terms and conditions, the forfeited estates in Scotland, which were put under the management of a board of trustees by an act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the said act, as relates to the amount of the debt charged upon the lands and estate which became forfeited by the attainder of Evan Macpherson, late of Cluny.

70. For amending an act, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for taking down the church and tower belonging to the parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the county of Middlesex; and for building another church and tower for the use of the said parish; and for making an additional cemetry or church yard; and for raising a further sum of money for completing the said church, and other works.

71. For building a new church or chapel in the town of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York.

72. For making a navigable cut from the Stratford-upon-Avon canal, in the parish of Lapworth, into the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the manor of Kingswood, in the county of Warwick.

73. For repealing several acts, made in the eighth, tenth, thirteenth, and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the nightly watch and beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing, and lighting, the parish of Saint Mary-le- Bone, in the county of Middlesex, and for the better relief and maintenance of the poor thereof, and for divers other purposes therein mentioned; and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

74. For keeping in repair the footways in the high street of the town of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, and for lighting and watching the said street, and also certain courts and alleys communicating therewith, and for removing and preventing encroachments, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

75. For paving the footways, and for cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, the streets, lanes, passages, and places, within the borough of Wallingford, in the county of Berks, and for removing and preventing nuisances, annoyances, encroachments, and obstructions therein.

76. For the better paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the streets, lanes, and other publick passages, of the city of Aberdeen, and the roads and avenues within the royalty thereof; for the better supplying the inhabitants with fresh water, and for the removing and preventing all obstructions and annoyances within the said city and royalty.

77. For improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the said levels; as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the same to sea, by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

78. For building a bridge over the river Severn, at Bewdley, in the county of Worcester, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

79. For amending an act, passed in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for building a bridge over the river Thames, at the town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the county of Oxford, and making commodious avenues thereto, for widening some part of the high street and the market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town, so far as the same relates to widening some part of the high street and market place, for lighting and watching, for regulating the footways in, and removing nuisances, obstructions, and annoyances from, the said town.

80. To make further provision respecting ships and effects come into this kingdom to take the benefit of his Majesty's orders in council, of the sixteenth and twenty-first days of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and to provide for the disposal of other ships and effects detained in, or brought into, the ports of this kingdom.

81. To apportion the relief, by the several statutes now in force, directed to be given to the families of non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and privates, serving in the militia, between the county at large, and the peculiar districts therein not contributing to the county rate, according to the number of men serving for each in such militia; and to remove certain difficulties in respect to the relief of families of substitutes, hired men, or volunteers, serving in the militia.

82. For inclosing, dividing, allotting, draining, embanking, and improving, the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, commons, wastes, and other uninclosed grounds, within the township of Gainsburgh, in the parish of Gainsburgh, in the county of Lincoln; and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising within the said township, and within the lordship of Thonock, in the said parish.

83. For augmenting the royal corps of artillery, and providing seafaring men for the service of the navy, out of the private men now serving in the militia; and to amend an act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England.

84. For continuing several acts, passed for the better regulation of lastage and ballastage in the river Thames.

85. For making and extending a navigable cut from the town of Watford, in the county of Hertford, to the town of Saint Alban, in the same county.

86. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts, of the sixteenth and seventeenth of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh of his present Majesty, relating to the navigation of the river Itchin, in the county of Southampton, and for improving the navigation thereof, and for ascertaining the rates of carriage, riverage, and wharfage, payable thereon.

87. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at or near Stoke-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford, to the town of Newcastle-under-Lyme, in the said county.

88. To remedy certain omissions in an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

89. For making perpetual an act made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue the payment of the duties in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the distillation of spirits, and for regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England; to continue so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone geneva; and to make perpetual the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, upon worts, wash, and other liquors, for extracting spirits for home consumption.

90. For regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

91. To amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better regulation of hawkers, pedlars, and petty chapmen; and for repealing so much of the said act as restrains them from selling goods, wares, or merchandize, within a certain distance from any city or market town.

92. For further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries.

93. For guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of four millions six hundred thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany.

94. For establishing a more easy and expeditious method for the punctual and frequent payment of the wages and pay of certain officers belonging to his Majesty's navy.

95. To enable boatswains, gunners, and carpenters, serving in his Majesty's navy, to allot part of their wages or pay for the maintenance of their wives and families.

96. For the relief of persons detained in gaol for want of bail, in certain cases relating to the publick revenue.

97. To declare that hides and skins, tanned by a new method, shall be deemed tanned hides and skins within the meaning of the acts relating to the duties of excise on hides and skins tanned in Great Britain.

98. For allowing further time for the payment of the drawback on China ware, imported by the East India company, before the first day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

99. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papists, and for relief of protestant purchasers.

100. For permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

101. To prevent the removal of poor persons, until they shall become actually chargeable.

102. For the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of false and unequal balances.

103. To enable his Majesty to grant the inheritance of certain lands or grounds situate at or near Painshill, in the several parishes of Cobham, Walton, and Wisley, in the county of Surrey, to George Chamberlaine esq. George Bond esq. one of his Majesty's serjeants at law, and sir Samuel Hayes baronet, of the kingdom of Ireland, upon the trusts declared by the will of Benjamin Bond Hopkins esq, deceased, of and concerning his estate at Painshill aforesaid.

104. For enabling the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, governors of the possessions, revenues, and goods, of the hospitals of Edward King of England, the Sixth, of Christ, Bridewell, and Saint Thomas the Apostle, and other the governors of Christs Hospital, to purchase houses and ground for enlarging Christs Hospitals in London, and at Hertford, and erecting additional buildings thereto, and for other purposes.

105. For improving and supporting the navigation of the river Ivel, otherwise Yeo, from the town of Ivelchester to Bicknell Bridge, in the parish of Huish Episcopi, in the county of Somerset, and for making a navigable cut from thence into a certain drain, called Portlake Rhine, in the parish of Langport, in the same county, and for making the said drain navigable from thence to the river Parrett, below Great Bow Bridge, in the town of Langport.

106. For amending and rendering more effectual an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and enlarge, the powers of so much of two acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the said rivers, from the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to the said town of Cricklade; and for extending and enlarging the powers of the said several acts, passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his said present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the improving and completing of the navigation of the said rivers, from the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Staines, in the county of Middlesex, to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts.

107. For dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, and improving, the commons and waste grounds within the several parishes of Hepworth, Haxey, Belton, and Owston, in the isle of Axholme, in the county of Lincoln, and also for making a compensation for the tythes arising from the said commons, and from certain other lands within the said parishes.

108. For amending an act, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for building a bridge across the river Severn, near Redstone, in the county of Worcester, and for making proper avenues and roads to and from the same, and for making satisfaction to the proprietors of a ferry across the said river at Redstone, aforesaid, and for enabling the trustees for executing the said act to rebuild the said bridge.

109. For repealing so much of an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rates and duties upon horses, and carriages with four wheels; and far explaining and amending an act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain carriages with two or three wheels therein mentioned, as relates to the additional duties upon coaches with four wheels, used as stage coaches; and for reducing the duties upon carriages with less than four wheels, mostly used in the affairs of husbandry, or for the purposes of trade.

110. To amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar; and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships.

111. For more effectually carrying into execution an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement and relief of friendly societies, and for extending so much of the powers thereof as relates to the framing rules and regulations for the better management of the funds of such societies, and the appointment of treasurers to other institutions of a charitable nature.

112. For allowing further time for persons to take out certificates for using or wearing hair powder, in pursuance of an act of this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder; and also further time for the admeasurement and registering of boats, barges, and other vessels, in pursuance of another act of the same session, intituled, An act for requiring all boats, barges, and other vessels, of certain descriptions, used on navigable rivers, and on inland navigations, in Great Britain, to be registered.

113. For the more effectual prevention of selling ale, and other liquors, by persons not duly licensed.

114. For better securing the duties on glass.

115. For allowing, for a limited time, the importation of goods from India and China, and other parts within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company, in ships not of British-built, nor registered as such, and for the exportation of goods from Great Britain by the same ships, under certain restrictions.

116. To remove doubts arising from the construction of certain acts of this session of parliament, respecting the duties of excise thereby granted on wash, coffee, cocoa nuts, foreign spirits, wines, and sweets.

117. For allowing the importation of rape seed, and other feeds used for extracting oil, from any country whatever, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit.

118. For charging warehouse rent on wines, in certain cases, secured in his Majesty's warehouses; for equalizing the duties on wines exported to India and China; and for providing warehouses for coffee and cocoa nuts imported into this kingdom.

119. To prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty.

120. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

121. To explain and amend an act, made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy, and for making further provisions for those purposes; and also an act, made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty's navy; and for the better encouragement of seamen for his Majesty's navy.

122. To enable his Majesty, under certain regulations, to erect independent burghs of barony, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for removing certain difficulties as to the granting of leases in towns and villages on the fishing coasts of that kingdom.

123. For the more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small causes arising out of personal contract or obligation, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

124. To enable woolcombers to exercise trades in any town or place in Great Britain.

125. For preventing the accumulation of debts by any future heir apparent of the crown; and for regulating the mode of expenditure, from the time when a separate establishment shall be made for such future heir apparent.

126. For widening and improving the entrance into the city of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious street or passage at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the credit of the orphans fund, a sum of money for those purposes.

127. For enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned.

128. For allowing a further annuity to the subscribers the sum of eighteen millions, authorised to be raised for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

129. For enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity on his royal highness the Prince of Wales, during the joint lives of his Majesty and of his said royal highness; for making provision, out of his revenues, for the payment of any debts that may be due from his royal highness; for preventing the accumulation of debts in future; and for regulating the mode of expenditure of the said revenues.

130. For the better enabling his Majesty to make provision for a sure and certain jointure for her royal highness the Princess of Wales, for the term of her life.

131. For repairing the common sewer in New Bridge-street Black Friars, in the city of London, or making a new sewer instead of the defective part or parts thereof, and for maintaining and cleansing the same.

132. For continuing an act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from Yarmouth Bridge, through the hamlet of South Town, otherwise Little Yarmouth, to Gorleston, in the county of Suffolk.

133. To amend and render effectual so much of an act, of the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty, as relates to improving the entrance into the city of Worcester, from the London and Upton roads.

134. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers of, two acts, made in the seventh and thirty-first years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parish of Kensington, in the county of Middlesex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the said county, in the road to Colnbrook; and fot repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from the said road, at or near the end of Sion Lane, to the town of Isleworth, in the said county, and from thence to a gate on the south side of Teddington Field; and also the highway leading out of the said great road, near Smallberry Green turnpike, to a house known by the sign of The George, in the town of Isleworth aforesaid; and for lighting and watering part of the said highways.

135. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of certain acts for repairing several roads in the west riding of the county of York, so far as relates to the road from Keighley to Bradford.

136. For repairing and widening the road from Horseley Upright Gate, leading from Bowden Hill, in the county of Wilts, to the top of Kingsdown Hill, in the parish of Box, in the said county, and several other roads near or adjoining thereto.

137. For making and maintaining a turnpike road from Mumps Brooks within Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Ripponden, in the west riding of the county of York, and a branch therefrom, at or near Denshaw, to or near to Brownhill, and another branch therefrom, at or near Grains, to Delph, all within Saddleworth, in the said riding.

138. For repairing and widening the road from Preston Candover to Basingstoke, in the county of Southampton, and from thence to Alton, in the said county.

139. For continuing the term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high roads from Darlington to West Auckland, in the county of Durham, and several other roads in the same county, therein mentioned.

140. For enlarging the term and powers of several acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of King George the First, and the fifteenth and thirty-first years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road from Cirencester to Saint John's Bridge, in the county of Gloucester, and certain other roads therein mentioned.

141. To enlarge the term and powers of two several acts, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cirencester, in the county of Gloucester, to Birdlip Hill, in the said county.

142. For more effectually repairing the road from Hyde Park Corner to Counter's Bridge, and certain other roads in the county of Middlesex, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

143. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Ludlowfach, in the county of Carmarthen, to the town of Llandovery, and from thence, through the town of Llangadock, to the river Amman, and several other roads communicating therewith.

144. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of so much of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from a certain dwelling house in Bury, now or late in the occupation of William Walker, gentleman, to Hailingden, and from thence to the east end of Salford Bridge, in Blackburn; and also the road from Haslingden afore said, to the east end of Cockshut Bridge, in the town of Walley; and also the road from Haslingden aforesaid, through New Church and Bacup, to Todmorden; and for making a road from the said road between Bury and Haslingden, in the township of Walmersley, to the river Irwell, and for building a bridge over the said river, all in the county palatine of Lancaster, as relates to the first district of road therein mentioned.

145. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of an act of the nineteenth year of his present Majesty, for more effectually repairing, widening, and amending, the roads from Wigan to Preston, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

146. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the town of Burnley, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the turnpike road leading from Bury to Haslingden, at or near Edenfield Chapel, in the township of Tottington Higher End, in the same county.

147. For amending, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the hamlet of Highgate, in the county of Middlesex, through a certain lane called Maiden Lane, in the parish of Saint Mary, Islington, to a certain place called Battle Bridge, in the same county, and the several other highways and foot paths in the said parish of Saint Mary, Islington, (which are not included in any turnpike acts), and to enable the inhabitants of the said parish to raise money for that and other the purposes therein mentioned.

148. For repairing, widening, and altering, the road leading from The Way Post at the north-east end of the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford, to the north-east end of a lane, in the parish of Kimbolton, in the county of Huntingdon, called The Park Lane.

149. For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading out of the turnpike road between Aylesbury and Wendover, through Princes Risborough, to West Wycombe, in the county of Buckingham.

150. To continue, extend, and enlarge, the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads from the new bridge over the water of Almond, on the confines of the counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, by Batligate, to Baillieston, in the county of Lanark, and certain branches of road from the said line of road, and for the other purposes mentioned in the said act.

151. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Kighley to Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, and several other roads therein respectively described, so far as the said act relate to the road from Kighley to Halifax aforesaid.

152. For repairing, altering, and improving the road leading from the great north road, in the town of Stamford and county of Lincoln, through the town of Oakham, to the great north road aforesaid, at or near a house called The Cross Guns, in the parish of Greetham and county of Rutland.

153. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Towcester to the turnpike road in Cotton End in the parish of Hardingston, in the county of Northampton.

154. To enlarge the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from The White Stoop, near the north end of the town of Derby, through the towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the county of Derby, to the town of Sheffield, in the county of York, and from the said town of Duffield to The Moot Hall, in the town of Worksworth, in the said county of Derby.

155. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, and of another act, passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said act, and of another act, passed in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to the district of roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the course of the last mentioned district of road, so far as the same relate to the said road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading to Calder Bridge, and from thence, by or near Balmore, to or near the church of New Kilpatrick, and from thence, by or near Lawmuir, to the town of Old Kilpatrick, beginning at the bridge across the Allander, on the road from Longbank Farm, by Balmulie Bridge to Glasgow on the east, and ending at the said town of Old Kilpatrick on the west, and the road branching from the aforesaid road from Inchbelly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to Provan Mill, and to the present turnpike road leading to Cumbernauld.

156. For amending and repairing the road from the Neath turnpike road at or near Abernant, through Merthyr Tidvill, in the county of Glamorgan, to join the publick roads near Rhyd y Blew, in the county of Brecon.

157. For continuing the term, and varying and altering the powers, of two acts, passed in the twenty-fourth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the road leading from the east end of Brumpton High Lane to the town of Richmond, and from thence to the town of Lancaster; and for repairing the road leading from Richmond, through Gilling, Melsonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy otherwise Lousy Cross, and from Gilling through Gilling Town Lane, to the turnpike road on Gatherley Moor; and for turning and diverting the said road, from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, to and through the town of Hawes, and up the vale of Widdel, to Gearstones otherwise Graystones; and for making, widening, and keeping in repair, that part of the said road; and for discharging the trustees from the reparation of that part of the said road which extends from the east end of the town of Bainbridge, over the mountain Camm, to Greenside Gate, and from thence to Gearstones otherwise Graystones; and also from the reparation of that part of the said roads which lies between the east end of Brumpton High Lane, and the town of Richmond aforesaid.

158. For repairing the damage done by the late floods to certain bridges, and to the road, near the town of Doncaster; and for making the said bridges and road safe and commodious for travellers.

159. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the fourteenth and twenty-sixth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from Ealand to the town of Leeds, in the west riding of the county of York.

160. For enlarging the terms and powers of three acts, made in the eighth and twenty-seventh years of his late majesty King George the Second, and the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the towns of Halifax and Ealand, in the county of York.

161. For making and repairing certain roads in the county of Aberdeen.

162. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads leading from Basingstone, near the town of Bagshot, in the parish of Windlesham, in the county of Surrey, through Frimley and Farnham, in the same county, and from thence through Bentley, Hollyborn, Alton, Chawton, Ropley, Bishop's Sutton, New Alresford, and Mattingley otherwise Matterley Lane, to the city of Winchester, in the county of Southampton.

163. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, the sixteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Luton, in the county of Bedford, to Westwood Gate, in the said county; and from Luton, to Saint Alban's, in the county of Hertford.

164. For continuing the term, and repealing the powers, of two acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby; and from the guide post near Barber's Fields Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tideswell, Hardgate-wall, and Fairfield, to a house known by the sign of The Angel, in Buxton, in the county of Derby; and for granting further and other powers for that purpose.

165. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from The Royal Oak, on Wrotham Heath, to the town of Wrotham, in the county of Kent, and from thence to Foot's Cray, and from the said Royal Oak to the town of Maidstone, in the said county; and for making a road from the said road between Wrotham and Maidstone into the present turnpike road leading from Mereworth to Hadlow, in the said county.

166. To enable the commissioners and trustees for executing an act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain lands lying in the several parishes of Spalding (including the hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill), Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the county of Lincoln, to support and repair a certain bank extending from Spalding High Bridge to Brother House, in the said county, and to amend and repair the road thereupon; and for compounding with the creditors under an act, passed in the twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, for making and keeping in repair the said road.

