Public Acts passed in 1795, 36 George 3 c.1 - c.152.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 40 part 2.
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

2. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

3. An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn, and other articles of provision, for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment of duty.

4. An act to continue an act for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax seed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

5. An act to prohibit the exportation of candles, tallow, and soap, for a limited time.

6. An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of starch, hair powder, and blue, from wheat, and other articles of food; and for lowering the duties on the importation of starch, and of other articles made thereof.

7. An act for the safety and preservation of his Majesty's person and government against treasonable and seditious practices and attempts.

8. An act for the more effectually preventing seditious meetings and assemblies.

9. An act to prevent obstructions to the free passage of grain within the kingdom.

10. An act for the better relief of the poor, within the several hundreds, towns, and districts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor; and for enlarging the powers of the guardians of the poor, within the said several hundreds, towns, and districts, as to the assessments to be made upon the several parishes, hamlets, and places, within their respective hundreds, towns, and districts, for the support and maintenance of the poor.

11. An act for embanking, draining, and otherwise improving, a certain stinted pasture, called Lancaster Marsh, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

12. An act for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

13. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on tobacco and snuff.

14. An act for granting to his Majesty further additional duties on the amount of the duties, under the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, therein mentioned.

15. An act for granting to his Majesty new duties on certain horses, not charged with duty by any other act or acts of parliament, and on mules.

16. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on horses kept for the purpose of riding, or drawing certain carriages, therein mentioned.

17. An act for repealing the duties on licences to persons using or exercising the business of an horse dealer, and granting new duties in lieu thereof.

18. An act for the reduction of the drawbacks and bounties now allowed on the exportation of sugar.

19. An act for determining the present allowances for waste on salt carried coastwise, and for reducing the respective times of payment of the duties on salt.

20. An act to continue, for a further limited time, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran; and for permitting home-made spirits, deposited in the warehouses for exportation, to be taken out for home consumption, on payment of duty; and to prohibit the distillation of low wines or spirits from melasses of the manufacture of this kingdom, or from sugar or potatoes.

21. An act for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation into Great Britain of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British ships, or other ships the property of persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the same out of warehouse for home consumption.

22. An act to permit bakers to make and sell certain sorts of bread.

23. An act to amend so much of an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, intituled, An act for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor, as prevents the distributing occasional relief to poor persons in their own houses, under certain circumstances and in certain cases.

24. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

25. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal to finish and complete the same, and the several cuts, and other works, authorised to be made and done by them, by virtue of several acts of parliament.

26. An act to explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the Royal Exchange assurance of houses and goods from fire.

27. An act to explain and enlarge the powers contained in the charter of the London assurance of houses and goods from fire.

28. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

29. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

30. An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

31. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

32. An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

33. An act for extending the term of the tax on lands, and tolls on goods, wares, and merchandizes, granted by an act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for improving the drainage of the middle and south levels, part of the great level of the fens called Bedford Level, and the low lands adjoining or near to the said levels, as also the lands adjoining or near to the river Ouze, in the county of Norfolk, draining through the same to sea by the harbour of King's Lynn, in the said county; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said county, to the said harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the navigation of the several rivers communicating with the said river Ouze.

34. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Thames and Severn canal navigation to raise a certain sum of money, for discharging some arrears of interest, and other debts relating thereto, and to maintain and support the said navigation.

35. An act to enable the trustees for executing an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, altering, and improving, the parish church of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride, in the city of London; and for providing a workhouse for the same; to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said act.

36. An act for encreasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

37. An act for further continuing an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland, and the islands adjacent.

38. An act for rendering effectual an act of the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the poor of the parishes of Montgomery and Pool, and the places united therewith, in the counties of Montgomery and Salop.

39. An act to amend an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called England.

40. An act to continue several laws relating to the giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; to the encouragement of the silk manufactures; and for taking off several duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties; to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America; to the free importation of cochineal and indigo; to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns, made of flax; to the importing salt from Europe into the province of Quebec in America; to the encouraging the manufacture of leather, by lowering the duty payable upon the importation of oak bark, when the price of such bark shall exceed a certain rate; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the importation of rape seed, and other seeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit; to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores, to be consumed on board merchant ships in their voyages; to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the free importation of certain raw hides and skins from Ireland, and the British plantations in America; and to the duties on spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England.

41. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six.

42. An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Birmingham canal navigation to finish and complete the same; and for amending the act of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

43. An act to enlarge the powers of an act, passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better paving, cleansing, repairing, lighting, and watching, the highways, streets, and lanes, of and in the vill of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing annoyances therein, and for erecting a market house, and holding a publick market in the said vill.

44. An act to vary and alter the line of the canal, authorised to be made by an act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making a navigable canal from the river Kennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath; and also certain navigable cuts therein described; and to amend the said act; and also to make a certain navigable cut therein described.

45. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing, paving, and cleansing, the highways, streets, and lanes, within the town and borough of Deal, in the county of Kent; and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances, therein.

46. An act for making a navigable canal from the river Exe near the town of Topsham, in the county of Devon, to the river Tone, near the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset; and for cleansing and making navigable a certain part of the said river Tone, and for making certain cuts from the said canal.

47. An act for making a navigable canal from or near Gain's Cross, in the parish of Shillingston Okeford, in the county of Dorset, to communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal at or near Widbrook, in the county of Wilts, and also a certain navigable branch from the intended canal.

48. An act to vary and alter the line of a canal authorised to be made by an act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable canals with certain railways and stone roads, from several collieries in the county of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon canals in the parish of Bradford, in the county of Wilts, and to alter and amend the said act.

49. An act for paving, repairing, and cleansing the highways, streets, and lanes, in the town of Folkstone, and liberty thereof, in the county of Kent, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

50. An act for lighting and watching the streets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Wakefield, in the county of York, and for the more effectually cleansing the same, and removing and preventing obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

51. An act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the streets, and other publick passages and places, within the town of Beccles, in the county of Suffolk.

52. An act for repealing certain duties on legacies and shares of personal estates, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cases.

53. An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution an order of his Majesty in council respecting the exportation of rock salt; for preventing suits in consequence of the same; for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation or carrying coastwise of rock salt; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

54. An act to amend an act, made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual preservation of the game in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for repealing and amending several of the laws now in being relative thereto.

55. An act for making the port of Scarborough, in the island of Tobago, a free port, under certain regulations and restrictions.

56. An act for amending an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for allowing bounties, for a limited time, on the importation into Great Britain, of any wheat, wheat flour, Indian corn, Indian meal, or rye, in British ships, or other ships, the property of persons of any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, or on the delivery of the same out of warehouse for home consumption.

57. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

58. An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said United States.

59. An act for the more effectual execution of several acts of parliament, made for the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

60. An act to regulate the making and vending of metal buttons; and to prevent the purchasers thereof from being deceived in the real quality of such buttons.

61. An act for further continuing and amending the several acts passed for preventing the frauds and abuses committed in the admeasurement of coals, within the city and liberty of Westminster, and that part of the duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, and Saint Mary-le-Bone, and such part of the parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlesex.

62. An act to enable his Majesty to grant to John earl of Westmorland, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interest, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the hayes or walks of Sulehay Ferms and Shortwood, and Morehay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon, a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

63. An act to enable his Majesty to grant to Henry earl of Exeter, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interests, remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the haye or walk of Westhay, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration. to be paid for the same.

64. To. enable his Majesty to grant to George Finch Hatton, esquire, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, all the estate, right, title, and interest remaining in his Majesty, in and upon the lawn of Benefield, and the bailiwick of Rockingham, in the forest of Rockingham, in the county of Northampton, upon a full and adequate consideration to be paid for the same.

65. An act for re-building the parish church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, within the liberty of Westminster, in the county of Middlesex, and the vestry rooms belonging thereto; for repairing and reinstating the iron rails inclosing the scite of the said church, and the gates leading thereto; and for making several regulations relating to the said parish.

66. An act for enabling the commissioners for executing an act, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting the streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places within the King's town of Maidstone, in the county of Kent; for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; for better supplying the said town with water, and for repairing the highways within the parish of Maidstone, to raise a further sum of money for completing the purposes of the said act.

67. An act for making and maintaining a navigation from Morwelham Quay, in the parish of Tavistock, in the county of Devon, to Tamerton Bridge, in the parish of North Tamerton, in the county of Cornwall, and also a certain collateral cut from Powlson Bridge, in the parish of Lifton, in the said county of Devon, to Richgrove Mill, in the parish of Saint Stephen, near to the borough of Launceston, in the said county of Cornwall.

68. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the harbour of Aberdeen, in the parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the river at or near the south end of the bridge over the same (adjacent to the royal burgh of lnveruri) in the parish of Kintore, all within the county of Aberdeen, North Britain.

69. An act to amend an act of the thirtieth year of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Merthyr Tidvile to and through a place called The Bank, near the town of Cardiff, in the county of Glamorgan, and for extending the said canal to a place called The Lower Layer, below the said town.

70. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Leominster canal navigation to finish and complete the same.

71. An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn at Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey at or near Netherpool, in the county of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the Whitchurch line of the said canal and collateral cuts, and for extending the same from Franckton Common to Sherryman's Bridge, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the said county of Salop, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

72. An act for dividing, allotting, enclosing, draining and preserving certain commons and waste grounds, called The Hern Common, and Gore Common, within the manor and parish of Ramsey, in the county of Huntingdon, and for repealing an act, made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds, in the several parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Widow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the county of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, and for making more effectual provision for those purposes.

73. An act for laying an additional tax upon the lands within the north level, part of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, and on Portsand, otherwise Great Porsand, in the county of Lincoln, for the further support and preservation of the principal banks and works of the said north level.

74. An act for raising the sum of seven millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of annuities.

75. An act for further continuing for a limited time an act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual administration of the office of a justice of the peace in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies.

76. An act to indemnify all persons who have acted in consequence of orders in council, issued since the twenty-second day of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, for the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships; and to authorise the issuing of orders, in council for the like purpose, for a limited time.

77. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the mackarel fishery.

78. An act for charging the duty on mahogany imported by weight.

79. An act for reducing the duty payable on black lead imported into this kingdom.

80. An act for repealing the stamp duties on licences to sell gloves and mittens by retail.

81. An act for allowing the importation of melasses from any country in British ships or vessels, and in ships or vessels belonging to any state in amity with his Majesty, for a limited time.

82. More effectually to prevent the landing of goods, wares, and merchandize, without the presence of the proper officer; to authorise officers of the customs to convey wines laying on the quays to his Majesty's warehouse within a certain time after the landing thereof; and to require the owners of ships, vessels, and boats, licensed by the admiralty, to give security to re-deliver their licences, in case any such ships, vessels, or boats, shall be lost, broken up, or otherwise disposed of.

83. An act for the further support and maintenance of curates within the church of England, and for making certain regulations respecting the appointment of such curates, and the admission of persons to cures augmented by Queen Anne's bounty, with respect to the avoidance of other benefices.

84. An act for further continuing, for a limited time, an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the time beings to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, on horses let to hire for travelling post and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

85. An act for the better regulation of mills.

86. An act to prevent abuses and frauds in the packing, weight, and sale of butter; and to repeal certain acts relating thereto.

87. An act for regulating the trade or business of pawnbrokers.

88. An act to regulate the buying and selling of hay and straw; and for repealing so much of two acts, made in the second year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the thirty-first year of the reign of King George the Second, as relate to the buying and selling of hay and straw, within the limits therein mentioned.

89. An act for assessing the commissioners, clerks, and other officers of the duties on salt, for their salaries, and the profits of their respective offices, to the land tax, in the parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, within the city and liberty of Westminster, notwithstanding the said office has been removed into Somerset Place, within the duchy liberty in the Strand, in the county of Middlesex.

90. An act for the relief of persons equitably and beneficially entitled to, or interested in, the several stocks and annuities transferable at the bank of England.

91. An act for dissolving a certain partnership, society, or undertaking, called The Million Bank, and for dividing the joint stock and funds belonging thereto, amongst the members thereof.

92. An act for amending and reducing into one act of parliament, two several acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better ordering the militia of the city of London, and for the further regulating of the trained bands or militia of the said city.

93. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the harbour of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan, and for making improvements in the lights at The Mumbles.

94. An act for building a bridge over the river Itchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, and for making a road from the said town to the said bridge, and from thence to communicate with the road leading from West End to Botley, in the county of Southampton.

95. An act for authorising the company of proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston canal navigation to vary the course of a certain part of the said canal, and for amending and altering the act made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

96. An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the river Severn, at Shrewsbury in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey, at or near Netherpool in the county of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal; and for varying and altering certain parts of the course of the said canal and collateral cuts between Ruabon and Chester, and for making and maintaining several other branches and collateral cuts to communicate therewith.

97. An act to enable his Majesty, in right of his duchy of Lancaster, to make a grant of certain lands, for the purpose of carrying into execution an act, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the county of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and also a navigable branch from the said intended canal at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another navigable branch from, at, or near Gale Moss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said county palatine of Lancaster.

98. An act for widening, deepening, enlarging, altering, and improving the haven, of the town and port of Great Grimsby, in the county of Lincoln.

99. An act for the more effectually embanking, draining, preserving, and improving certain low lands and grounds, lying and being in the several parishes or townships of Everton, Scaftworth, Gringley on the Hill, Misterton, and Walkeringham, in the county of Nottingham.

100. An act for draining and improving, and for inclosing, dividing, and allotting, certain tracts of common and waste lands, called Maryshland Smeeth and Marshland Fen, lying within the country of Marshland, in the county of Norfolk, and for stinting and regulating the stocking, feeding, and depasturing of the said smeeth and fen, until the inclosure, division, and allotment thereof.

101. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, draining, embanking, and improving the open and common fields, ings, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands and waste grounds, within the several townships of Morton, Walkerith, East Stockwithy, Bliton, Wharton, Pilham, and Gilby in the several parishes of Gainsburgh, Bliton, and Pilham in the county of Lincoln.

102. An act for the better relief and employment of the poor of the several parishes within the city of Lincoln, and county of the same city, and of the parish of Saint Margaret, part whereof lies within the said city, and the other part in the close of Lincoln, in the county of Lincoln.

103. An act for rebuilding the parish church of Saint Martin Outwich, in Threadneedle Street, within the city of London.

104. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

105. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

106. An act to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the bounty on the exportation ofsugar, and for permitting the importation of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in foreign ships; and for reducing the bounty on refined sugars exported in any other than British ships.

107. An act for continuing the encouragement and reward of persons making certain discoveries for finding the longitude at sea, or making other useful discoveries and improvements in navigation, and for making experiments relating thereto.

108. An act to continue several laws therein mentioned relating to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain; to the encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and securing the duties on foreign sail cloth imported; to securing the duties upon foreign-made sail cloth, and charging foreign-made sails with a duty; and to the allowing a bounty on the exportation of British-made cordage.

109. Further to continue an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

110. An act for permitting the carrying coastwise of lime, limestone, dung, and other articles of manure, without taking out sufferance, transire, or let-pass.

111. An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the paper manufactory.

112. An act for authorising his Majesty to order the registering, and the granting certificates of registry, to certain ships and vessels, the property of his Majesty's subjects, which had belonged to, or been in possession of, the enemy, and concerning which doubts have arisen whether they are entitled to be registered according to the existing laws in that behalf.

113. An act for allowing the importation of arrow root from the British plantations, and also of linseed cakes, and rape cakes, from any foreign country, in British-built ships, owned, navigated, and registered, according to law, without payment of duty.

114. An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

115. An act to enforce the due execution of an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's navy.

116. An act for making allowances, in certain cases, to subaltern officers of the militia, in time of peace.

117. An act to exempt dairies and rooms used solely for making, keeping, and drying cheese and butter, from the duties on windows and lights.

118. An act to authorise the sale of fish at Billingsgate, by retail.

119. An act to enable the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase certain houses and ground contiguous to the East India house, and to widen the north end of Lime Street.

120. An act for enabling the East India company to perform an engagement entered into by them with William Sabatier gentleman, respecting the importation of cotton from the East Indies.

121. An act for further continuing the duty of one farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an act passed in the first year of the reign of Queen Anne, and revived and continued by two acts, passed in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York.

122. An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling and transport bills.

123. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on foreign wines and British sweets, and on foreign wines sold by auction.

124. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on dogs.

125. An act for the better collection of the duty on hats.

126. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

127. An act for enabling the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, to purchase ground for building warehouses upon, and to make a new street from Petticoat Lane to White Street, instead of Gravel Lane in Petticoat Lane.

128. An act to continue the term of two acts passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from The Well, at the north west end of the town or village of Farnborough, in the county of Kent, to a place called Riverhill, in the parish of Sevenoaks, in the said county.

129. An act for enlarging the term and powers of three acts of the sixth and sixteenth years of his late Majesty, and the second year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Wades Mill in the county of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said county.

130. An act for continuing the term of certain acts for repairing the road from North Shields in the county of Northumberland, to the town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

131. An act for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, several roads in and through his Majesty's forest of Dean, and the waste lands thereto belonging, in the county of Gloucester, and for turning, altering, and changing the course of the said roads, and for making several new roads in the said forest to lead to certain places in and near the same; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain roads leading from the said forest to and through several parts of the parish of Newland, adjoining the said forest: and also leading from the bottom of a place called The Viney Hill in the said forest, to and through certain parts of the parishes of Lidney and Awre, adjoining the said forest, in the said county of Gloucester.

132. An act for making and repairing the roads from the bridge of Dee southward, through the county of Kincardine, to or near to the town of Stonehaven, and from thence by Inverbervie and by Laurence Kirk, to the lower and upper bridges over the river Northesk; and for making effectual the statute labour in the said county, and levying conversion money in lieu of labour in certain cases, and other wise regulating, making, and repairing, high roads and bridges in the said county of Kinkardine.

133. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, and also several other roads therein mentioned, so far as the said acts relate to the said road from Coventry to Warwick, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter.

134. An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of two acts made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twelfth year of his present Majesty, in as far as respects the road from North Queensferry, in the county of Fife, to the town of Perth, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in repair, the said road, and the landing places at the Queensferry.

135. An act to continue the term and powers of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for repairing, altering, and keeping in repair, the roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield, to the Alton turnpike road, near Ropley, in the county of Southampton.

136. An act for making and maintaining a convenient carriage road from Wearmouth Bridge to Tyne Bridge, with a branch from the said road to the town of South Shields, all in the county of Durham.

137. An act for more effectually repairing the road from Colne to Blackburn, in the county of Lancaster.

138. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of three several acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads therein mentioned, so far as the same acts relate to the road from the town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the south-west corner of the inclosures of Harrowgate, in the west riding of the county of York.

139. An act for amending and rendering more effectual two acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing certain roads in the county of Perth.

140. An act to enlarge the term and powers of three acts passed in the thirteenth year of King George the First, the seventeenth year of King George the Second, and the seventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlesex, to that end of Maidenhead Bridge, which lies in the county of Bucks, and for amending the road from Slough to a certain place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datchet Bridge, in the county of Buckingham.

141. An act for enlarging the term of an act made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the county of Warwick.

142. An act for amending and keeping in repair the road from the turnpike road in Little Yarmouth to the turnpike road at Blythburgh, and also the road from Brampton to Halesworthy in the county of Suffolk.

143. An act for repairing and amending the road leading from Crofsford Bridge within Stretford, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the county palatine of Chester.

144. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from the market cross in the township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge in the town of Blackburne, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

145. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two several acts, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from Henshall's Smithy upon Cranage Green, through the town of Nether Knutsford, and by the south guide post in Mere and Buklow Hill, to the town of Altrincham, in the county palatine of Chester, and from the said guide post to Warrington in the county of Lancaster, and from Bucklow Hill aforesaid to Penny's Lane near Northwich in the said county of Chester.

146. An act for enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament, made for repairing the several roads in the counties of Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick, so far as relates to the road leading from a place called Streetway in the county of Stafford, though Wolverhampton to Wordsley Green Gate, and other roads therein mentioned.

147. An act for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing and widening several roads leading to and from the towns of Bala and Dolgelley, in the county of Merioneth, and other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and for repairing several other roads in the counties of Merioneth and Denbigh.

148. An act for altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Macclesfield, by Broken Cross, to Congleton, all in the county palatine of Chester.

149. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for enlarging the term of an act made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the roads from a certain place, near Bolton in the Moors, to Leigh, and thence to the guide post near Golbourne Dale, and to the south end of Newton Bridge, and from the said guide post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the guide post in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual provision for repairing and widening the said roads, except from the said guide post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick.

150. An act to enlarge the term and powers of an act, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the several roads near the towns of Hockerton, Kirklington, Southwell, Normanton, and Winkbourne, in the county of Nottingham, and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road branching out of one of the said roads, in the village of Kirklington, to the Street Gate road, and the Newark and Southwell turnpike road at Great Bridge, all in the county of Nottingham.

151. An act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repairing and widening the road from Stall Gate Close, at the south west end of the town of Bedford, to the town of Ampthill, and from the said town of Ampthill, to Wobourn Park, in the county of Bedford, and also the road branching out of the same, in Kempston Field, to the turnpike road leading from Hitchin to the said town of Bedford, except so far as the same relates to the road leading from the south end of Ridgemont Town to the entrance of Woburn Park, at a place called The Red Lodges, and for making and maintaining a road from the south end of Ridgemont Town aforesaid, through Husborn Crawley, to the north end of the town of Woburn, and for discontinuing the said part of the said road leading from the south end of Ridgemont to The Red Lodges aforesaid, and also for discontinuing the highway from thence, through the said park, to where it joins the road leading from Woburn to Eversholt, all in the said county of Bedford.

152. An act for raising, maintaining, and keeping in repair, the road from the north end of the bridge, commonly called The Old Trent Bridge, to the west end of Saint Mary's church yard, by way of Hollow Stone, in the parish of Saint Mary, in the town of Nottingham, and for erectiner and maintaining such and so many flood bridges upon the said road as may be necessary to carry off the flood water, and for widening and improving the entrance into the town of Nottingham by way of Hollow Stone.

