Public Acts passed in 1796, 37 George 3 c.1 - c.180.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 41 part 1.
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

2. An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

3. An act for providing an augmentation to the militia to be trained and exercised in the manner therein directed; and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in Case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

4. An act for raising a certain number of men, in the several counties in England for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

5. An act for raising a certain number of men in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

6. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

7. An act to continue for a limited time, and amend an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to prohibit the exportation of corn, meal, flour, and potatoes, and to permit the importation of corn and other articles of provision, for a limited time, in any ships whatever, without payment of duty, and for permitting wheat, wheat flour, and meal, imported in order to obtain the bounties granted by an act of the last session of parliament, but which have not been found fit for making bread, to be used in the manufacture of starch, hair powder, and blue, or in the distillation of low wines and spirits.

8. An act to continue for a limited time an act made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for permitting the importation of organzined thrown silk, flax, and flax feed, into this kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty.

9. An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, transport, and exchequer bills.

10. An act for raising the sum of eighteen millions by way of annuities.

11. An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments, and, to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

12. An act to continue several acts, made in the thirty-fifth and thirty-sixth years of his present Majesty's reign, respecting the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose, for a limited time.

13. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the Dudley canal navigation, to raise a further sum of money for completing the said navigation; and for amending the several acts relating thereto.

14. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on auctions, bricks, cocoa nuts, British and foreign spirits, and tea.

15. An act for granting to his Majesty, certain duties of customs, on goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or brought and carried coastwise within Great Britain, except wine and except coals, when brought or carried coastwise; and for applying the money to arise by virtue of an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for reduction of the draw-backs and bounties now allowed on the exportation of sugar; towards defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan granted, or stock created, by any act or acts passed in the said session of parliament.

16. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on stage coaches.

17. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England.

18. An act for altering certain rates of postage for conveyance of letters in England and Scotland respectively, and of packets to and from Great Britain, from and to Portugal and the British colonies in America respectively; and for setting apart at the receipt of the exchequer, for a certain period, out of the revenues of the post office, the annual sum of forty thousand pounds, towards defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan raised, or stock created, by any act or acts passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

19. An act for the more effectually securing the stamp duties on indentures, leases, bonds, and other deeds.

20. An act for extending the time limited by an act of this session for delivering in navy, victualling, transport and exchequer bills.

21. Authorising his Majesty, for a limited time, to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

22. An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for providing an augmentation to the militia, to be trained and exercised in the manner therein directed, and for enabling his Majesty to cause the same to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

23. An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional force of cavalry, to be embodied, in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms.

24. An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising a certain number of men in the several counties in England, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

25. An act for the better raising and ordering the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets, in the county of Middlesex.

26. An act to provide for the more speedy payment of all navy, victualling, and transport bills, that shall be issued in future.

27. An act for allowing further time for the payment of instalments to become due on certain sums advanced by way ot loan, pursuant to an act of the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, for the purposes, and in the manner therein mentioned; and for granting further relief to persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

28. An act to remove doubts respecting promissory notes of the governor and company of the bank of England for payment of sums of money under five pounds.

29. An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Guinea Port, in the parish of Saint Breock, in the county of Cornwall, to Dunmeer Bridge, in the parish of Bodmin, in the said county; and also a certain collateral cut from Cotton Wood, to or near to Ruthern Bridge, in the said parish of Bodmin.

30. An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the Grantham canal navigation, to finish and complete the same, and the collateral cut to communicate therewith; and for amending the act of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said canal and collateral cut.

31. An act to enable the East India company to raise money by further increasing their capital stock, and to extend the provisions now existing, respecting the present stock of the company to the said increased stock.

32. An act to suspend for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for refraining the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

33. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

34. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

35. An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

36. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make a navigable canal from and out of a certain branch of their said navigation, called The Caldon Canal, at or near Endon, to or near the town of Leek, in the county of Stafford; and also a reservoir for supplying the several canals of the said company with water.

37. An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, to far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

38. An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

39. An act to explain and amend an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for rasing a certain number of men in the several counties, stewartries, royal burghs, and towns, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the service of his Majesty's army and navy.

40. An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom.

41. An act for increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

42. An act for altering and amending an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the town of Northampton, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions and annoyances therein; and for continuing the term of certain tolls by the said act granted.

43. An act for building a new chapel at Plymouth Dock, in the parish of Stoke Damarel, in the county of Devon.

44. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paving, lighting, cleaning, and otherwise improving the town of Ipswich, in the county of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, and annoyances therein.

45. An act for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, on payment of cash by the bank.

46. An act for making certain annuities, created by the parliament of the kingdom of Ireland, transferrable, and the dividends thereon payable at the bank of England; and for the better security of the proprietors of such annuities, and of the governor and company of the bank of England.

47. An act for discharging the estates of John Teldham esquire, from certain demands of the crown, upon the conditions therein mentioned.

48. An act for altering, amending, and rendering more effectual two acts, made in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for the regulation and improvement of the fisheries in the river Tweed, and the rivers and dreams running into the same, and also within the mouth or entrance of the said river.

49. An act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Eyemouth in the county of Berwick.

50. An act for repairing, deepening, enlarging, and preserving, the harbour of Barmouth in the county of Merioneth.

51. An act for enabling the company of proprietors of the Leicester navigation to finish and complete their several works, and to discharge the debts contracted in the making thereof; and for amending an act passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said navigation, and several other works in such act mentioned.

52. An act for regulating and converting the statute labour in the county of Fife; and for more effectually making and repairing the highways within the said county.

53. An act for carrying into execution his Majesty's order in council of the third day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for an increase of pay and provisions to the seamen and marines serving in his Majesty's navy; and to amend so much of an act made in the thirty fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as enables petty officers and seamen, non-commissioned officers of marines, and marines, to allot part of their pay for the maintenance of their wives, children, or mothers.

54. An act for authorising the company of proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley canal navigation to vary the line of a certain part of the said canal, so as to render the execution thereof more easy, expeditious, and less expensive; and for altering and amending the act, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

55. An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Milbrook in the county of Southampton, and for enlarging the church yard of the said parish.

56. An act to amend an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for building a bridge across the river Wye, between Whitney and Clifford in the county of Hereford.

57. An act for raising the sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

58. An act for repairing or rebuilding the bridge over the river Severn, in the town of Bridgnorth, in the county of Salop, and for opening convenient avenues thereto.

59. An act for guaranteeing the payment of the dividends on a loan of one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds to the emperor of Germany, and the regular redemption of the capital to be created thereby; for enabling the governor and company of the bank of England to retain the sums granted for repaying advances made by them for the publick service; and for repaying to the contributors to the loans of fourteen millions five hundred thousand pounds, and one million six hundred and twenty thousand pounds, the excess of their deposits beyond the proportional deposits to the said loans.

60. An act to amend an act made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.

61. An act to revive, amend, and continue for a limited time, an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

62. An act to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to allow the banks and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom.

63. An act for granting to foreign ships put under his Majesty's protection, the privileges of prize ships, under certain regulations and restrictions; and for allowing aliens in foreign colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupation of merchants or factors.

64. An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

65. An act for empowering the justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex, at their general or quarter sessions of the peace, to make a fair and equal county rate for the said county.

66. An act for revesting certain lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, in the former proprietors thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

67. An act to embank and drain the open and unembanked lands and grounds lying between The Dales Head Dyke and the river Witham, in the several townships or hamlets and parishes of Walcot, Timberland-Thorpe, Timberland, Martin, Linwood, and Blankney, all in the county of Lincoln.

68. An act for charging the fen lands and low grounds within the second, third, fourth, and fifth districts, in the bounds and precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, with further taxes, for discharging the debts incurred by the of for the said districts respectively, under certain acts passed in the twenty-second year of King George the Second, and in the twelfth year of his present Majesty; and for better improving, supporting, and preserving, the drainage of the said lands and grounds.

69. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on the amount of certain duties under the management of the of for the affairs of taxes.

70. An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

71. An act for more effectually restraining intercourse with the crews of certain of his Majesty's ships now in a state of mutiny and rebellion, and for the more effectual suppression of such mutiny and rebellion.

72. An act for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

73. An act for preventing the desertion of seamen from British merchant ships trading to his Majesty's colonies and plantations in the West Indies.

74. An act to enable the East India company to pay the expences of two regiments of infantry to be raised for the defence and protection of the house and warehouses of the said company, and for such publick services as are mentioned in an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men as shall voluntarily enroll themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom during the present war.

75. An act to enable his Majesty to draw out and embody the militia forces of the Tower Hamlets in the county of Middlesex.

76. An act for disallowing the bounty on the exportation to Ireland of sail cloth or canvas of the manufacture of Great Britain, for a limited time.

77. An act for making the port of San Joses, in the island of Trinidad, a free port.

78. An act for the better regulation and encouragement of pilots for the conducting of ships and vessels into and out of the port of Liverpool.

79. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act more effectually to enable the parishioners of the parish of Christ Church, in the county of Middlesex, to purchase, hire, or erect a workhouse for the employing and maintaining the poor of the said parish, and for the more effectual support and employment of the poor therein; and also an act, passed in the eighteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for amending the said first mentioned act; and for enlarging the powers of the said acts, and altering the manner of rating to the poor of the said parish, and better effectuating other regulations relative thereto.

80. An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, all such streets and other publick passages, as are or shall be made upon a certain piece of ground, belonging to Elizabeth Doughty spinster, situate in the parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of Middlesex.

81. An act to enable the company of proprietors of the navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to extend several branches of canal from and out of their said navigation.

82. An act for allowing certain discounts, to the contributors of eighteen millions raised by annuities by an act of the present session of parliament, who shall have completed their contributions on or before the days therein mentioned.

83. An act to repeal so much of an act passed in the present session of parliament, as prohibits the exportation and permits the importation duty free, of several sorts of corn, and other articles made thereof.

84. An act to permit goods the product or manufacture of certain places within the Levant or Mediterranean Seas, to be imported into Great Britain, in British or foreign vessels, from any place whatsoever, for a limited time.

85. An act to amend so much of an act made in the thirty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act for the relief of debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their persons; and to oblige debtors, who shall continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time, and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the act, to make discovery of and deliver upon oath, their estates for their creditors benefit, as relates to the weekly sums thereby directed to be paid to prisoners in execution for debt, in the cases therein mentioned.

86. An act for amending an act, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the maintenance and improvement of the harbour of Ramsgate, in the county of Kent; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the haven of Sandwich, in the same county.

87. An act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, watering, improving, and keeping in repair, Great Tower Hill; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances within the same.

88. An act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Waterbeach Level, in the county of Cambridge, and to establish an agreement made between the lord of the manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the commoners within the said manor; and also to raise a further sum of money for the improvement and security of the said level.

89. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-third year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the isle of Ely and counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, between Mildenhall River south, Plant Load and Brandon River norths bounded on the west by the river Ouse, and on the east by Winter Load, Earswell Brook, and the hard lands of Mildenhall; and for empowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, commonly called Beford Level, to sell certain fen lands, lying within the limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands, so far as relates to the several fen lands and low grounds lying in the first district described in the said act; and also, to amend and render more effectual an act passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual the said first recited act.

90. An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others, practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain.

91. An act to continue, for a limited time, an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for confirming and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of council of the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on payments of cash by the bank, under certain regulations and restrictions.

92. An act to continue for a limited time, an act, made in the thirty-third year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom or resident therein, in certain cases.

93. An act to indemnify such persons who have ommitted to obtain their certificates of enrolment, admission, or registry, in the several courts of this kingdom.

94. An act to continue an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of the pilchard fishery, by allowing a further bounty upon pilchards taken, cured, and exported.

95. An act to amend two acts, made in the fourth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and the first year of the reign of King George the First, for the preservation of salmon and other fish in the rivers within the counties of Southampton and Wilts.

96. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an act, passed in the thirteenth year of his late majesty. King George the First, intituled, An act for the effectual draining and preservation of Haddenham Level in the Isle of Ely; and for more effectually draining and preserving the fen lands and low grounds lying within the said level.

97. An act for carrying into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the united states of America.

98. An act to amend and render more effectual an act, made in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the due making of bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread, so far as the same relates to the assize and making of bread to be sold in the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange.

99. An act to revive and continue the bounties granted by an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe; to continue so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandizes, in foreign ships, into and from the port of Saint John's in the island of Antigua; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, as permits Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the manufacture of Maidstone geneva; and also so much of an act made in the thirty-tifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue for a limited time.

100. An act for extending the Monmouthshire canal navigation; and for explaining and amending an act, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making the said canal.

101. An act for enlarging and improving the harbour of Aberdeen, for building new quays, wharfs, and docks, and for making new roads and passages, and widening others leading to and from the said harbour.

102. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties, on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland herein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland.

103. An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

104. An act for regulating the shipping and carrying of slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

105. An act for granting to his Majesty several additional duties on inhabited houses.

106. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on certain horses before charged with a duty of two shillings by an act of the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, and on mules.

107. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on male servants.

108. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on clocks and watches.

109. An act to amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the encouragement of seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's navy, and for making further provision for those purposes.

110. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties of customs on certain goods, wares, and merchandize, imported into, exported from, or carried coastwise; and on pepper to be used and consumed in this kingdom.

111. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional stamp duty on deeds.

112. An act for the relief of certain insolvent debtors.

113. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

114. An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

115. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commisioners for the reduction of the national debt.

116. An act for making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

117. An act for regulating the trade to be carried on with the British possessions in India, by the ships of nations in amity with his Majesty.

118. An act for regulating the height between decks of vessels entered outwards for the purpose of carrying slaves from the coast of Africa.

119. An act to repeal so much of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more easy recovery of debts in his Majesty's plantations and colonies in America, as makes negroes chattels for the payment of debts.

120. Further to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act to suspend, for a limited time, the operation of two acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and inland bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England; as revived, amended, and continued, by a subsequent act of this session, passed for the purpose of reviving, amending, and continuing the same; and also for continuing such subsequent act.

121. An act to explain an act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for further encouraging and regulating the southern whale fisheries.

122. An act for the better preventing the forging or counterfeiting the names of witnesses to letters of attorney, or other authorities or instruments, for the transfer of stocks or funds, which now are, or by any act or acts of parliament shall hereafter be made, transferable at the bank of England; or for the transfer of any part of the capital stock of the governor and company of the bank of England called Bank Stock; or for the transfer of any part of the capital stock, or any stocks or funds under the management of the South Sea company; or for the transfer of any part of the capital stock of the East India company; or for the receipt of dividends upon any of such stocks or funds.

123. An act for more effectually preventing the administering or taking of unlawful oaths.

124. An act to make perpetual an act, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

125. An act for authoring his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat, wheat meal, or flour, rye, barley, or malt, or bread, biscuit, or pease, to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, for the sustenance and use of the inhabitants of the said islands, for a limited time.

126. An act to prevent the counterfeiting any copper coin in this realm made, or to be made, current by proclamation, or, any any foreign gold or silver coin; and to prevent the bringing into this realm, or uttering any counterfeit foreign gold or silver coin.

127. An act to shorten the time now required for giving notice of the royal intention of his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, that the parliament shall meet and be holden for the dispatch of business; and more effectually to provide for the meeting of parliament in the case of a demise of the crown.

128. An act for assessing the of of the tax office, and their officers, to the land tax, in the district called offices executed in Westminster Hall; notwithstanding the removal of the said tax office into Somerset Place.

129. An act for supplying the borough and town of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis, and the parts adjacent, in the county of Dorset, with water.

130. An act for discontinuing the new harbour of Rye, in the county of Sussex, and for repealing several acts relating thereto, and for providing for the discharge of a debt accrued on account thereof; and for making reparation for certain Losses; and for the improvement of the old harbour of Rye.

131. An act for building a bridge over Bursledon river, at or near the ferry of Bursledon, in the county of Southampton, and for making a road from the intended bridge over the river Itchin, at or near Northam, within the liberties of the town and county of the town of Southampton, to the said bridge, and from thence to Titchfield, in the said county of Southampton.

132. An act for enlarging, deepening, improving, and maintaining the harbour of Saltcoats in the county of Ayr.

133. An act for enabling Thomas Macklin to dispose of his collection of modern paintings, as now exhibited at his gallery in Fleet Street by way of chance.

134. An act for granting to his Majesty a further additional duty on horses kept and used for the purpose of riding, or of drawing certain carriages, therein mentioned.

135. An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for repealing certain duties on legacies, and shares of personal estate, and for granting other duties thereon, in certain cases.

136. An act to enable the of of stamp duties to stamp deeds, and other instruments, bills of exchange, promissory and other notes, in the cases therein mentioned.

137. An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act to revive and continue for a limited time, and amend an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnifying all persons who have issued notes for small sums of money in that part of the united kingdom, for a limited time.

138. An act to amend an act made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for better securing the freedom of elections of members to serve in parliament, by disabling certain officers, employed in the collection or management of his Majesty's revenues, from giving their votes at such elections, by extending the provisions thereof to persons voting in any meeting of freeholders for preses or clerk, or on any question relative to the adjustment of the roll of freeholders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for empowering freeholders to administer the oath of trust and possession to persons offering to vote for preses and clerk.

139. An act for allowing a further time for carrying into execution certain powers contained in two acts of the present session of parliament, for raising a provisional cavalry, so far as the same relate to the registering and accepting of volunteers in lieu of the said provisional cavalry, in such counties, and sub-divisions of counties, wherein the said acts have not been carried into execution.

140. An act to enable his Majesty more easily and effectually to grant conditional pardons to persons under sentence by naval courts martial, and to regulate imprisonment under such sentences.

141. An act to enable the deputy of the clerk of the house of commons, for the time being, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage.

142. An act for the better administration of justice at Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; and for preventing British subjects from being concerned in loans to the native princes in India.

143. An act to explain and amend an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual prevention of the use of defective weights, and of false and unequal balances.

144. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

145. An act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Rochdale through Bamford and Birtle to Bury, and for making and maintaining three several branches of road therefrom, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

146. An act for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from or near the guide post, at or near a certain place, called Sudden Bridge, in the township of Castleton, within the parish of Rochdale, in the county palatine of Lancaster, to the northeasterly end of a certain street or place, in the town of Bury, within the parish of Bury, in the said county, called Clerk Street; and for making a new road from and out of the said road, at or near a place called Captain Fold, in the township of Castleton aforesaid, to communicate as well with the turnpike road leading from the town of Rochdale to the town of Manchester, in the said county, as also with the Rochdale canal, at or near a place called The Blue Pitts, in the said township of Castleton.

147. An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Magdalen Gate, in the city of Norwich, to the King's Arms Inn, in North Walsham, in the county of Norfolk.

148. An act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-second year of the reign of King George the Second, and in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads in the county of Sussex, so far as the said acts relate to the road leading from the bridge, at the north end of Farnhurst Lane, through Midhurst, to the city of Chichester, and from Chichester aforesaid to Delkey, all in the said county of Sussex.

149. An act to enlarge the terms and powers of two several acts of parliament, the one made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the other in the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from the city of York, over Skipbridge to Borroughbridge, in the county of York.

150. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty, King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the county of Wilts.

151. An act for reviving, continuing, and amending, an act, passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road leading from Wem, in the county of Salop, to the lime rocks at Bron y garth, and several other roads in the counties of Salop and Denbigh.

152. An act for enlarging the term and powers of certain acts, passed in the third, seventeenth, and thirtieth years of the reign of his late Majesty, and the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing several roads in the counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, so far as relate to the road leading from a gate called Shipston Toll Gate, at Bridge Town, in the parish of Old Stratford, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the top of Long Compton Hill, in the said county of Warwick.

153. An act for more effectually making and repairing certain roads in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and for amending an act made in the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the highways, bridges, and ferries, within the said stewartry.

154. An act for completing, widening, and keeping in repair the road from West Lavington, unto and through the town of the Devizes, to the house known by the name of The Green Man, in Seend, in the county of Wilts; and from Rowde Ford, through the Devizes market-place, to join the Beckhampton turnpike road near Wansdyke; and from the east end of the Devizes aforesaid, to the top of Red Hone Hill, in the said county of Wilts.

155. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of three acts, passed in the third and seventeenth years of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from that part of Chatham which lies next to the city of Rochester, to Saint Dunstan's Cross near the city of Canterbury, in the county of Kent, and for amending and widening the road from the turnpike road at or near a place called Makenade Corner, in the parish of Preston, to Bagham Cross and Shalmsford Lane End, in the parish of Chilham, in the said county.

156. An act for repairing and widening the road, leading from the town and port of Dover, through the town and borough of Deal, to a certain place in the parish of Sbolden, called Foulmead Field; and for making a new road through part of the said field, and Hacklinge Brooks, and part of a certain other field, called Word Field, to or near to a messuage or farm house, called Upton Farm, in the parish of Worth otherwise Word; and for repairing and widening the road from thence to the town and port of Sandwich.

157. An act for amending, altering, widening, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from the present turnpike road at Hulmes Chapel in the county palatine of Chester, leading from Hulmes Chapel to Knutsford, to the south bridge in Chelford, in the said county, near to Chelford Chapel.

158. An act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty's reign, for more effectually repairing and amending the roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington, and other roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

159. An act for enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the first and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York, so far as the same relate to the road from Wakefield to Sheffield.

160. An act for enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Halifax to Sheffield, in the west riding of the county of York, so far as the same relate to the road from Penistone to Sheffield.

161. An act for enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to the road from the toll house in Paisley Lone at the west side of the entry to the new bridge of Glasgow, by or near Park-house, to the east end of the bridge at Renfrew.

162. An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts made in the twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh, and thirtieth years of his late Majesty's reign, and in the twenty-ninth and thirty-second years of his present Majesty's reign, for making and repairing the roads from Gorbals of Glasgow to Floakbridge and Easter Grange in the county of Renfrew, and other roads in the said county; and for making and repairing certain other roads in the said county branching from or connected with the roads mentioned in the said acts.

163. An act for more effectually amending, improving, and keeping in repair the road from the West Cowgate, near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the west end of Kenton, Ponteland. Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belsay Mill, and South Middleton, to the north side of the river Wanspeck, in the county of Northumberland, and also the road leading from the said road to the Alemouth turnpike road.

164. An act for amending and rendering more effectual so much of two acts, made in the twenty-ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing certain roads in the county of Perth, as relates to the road from Perth to Crieff, and the branches thereof.

165. An act for repairing, widening, and improving, the publick high road, leading from Milnthorp to Kirkby-Lonsdale, in the county of Westmorland.

166. An act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the term and powers of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for making and repairing certain roads, in the counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

167. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road leading from a place called Morton's Corner, in the town of Wellingborough, in the county of Northampton, to the east end of Abington Street, in the town of Northampton.

108. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening certain roads leading to and from the city of Lincoln; and for repairing and widening the roads from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot of Bracebridge Bridge, over the said bridge, westward, to the extremity of the county of Lincoln, near a place called Potter Hill, and from the termination of the present turnpike road, at the foot of Ganwick Hill, southward, to a windmill at the top of the said hill.

169. An act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hursborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the county of Southampton, to a place called Lobcomb Corner, in the parish of Winterslow, in the county of Wilts; and of another act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said act, for including the road from Spittle House over Weyhill to Mullen's Pond, as directed by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of his said majesty King George the Second, and for amending the roads from Andover, through Charlton, towards Tangley, and from Charlton to Canfield Bottom, and from Weyhill to Sarson Street; and also the road through the said town of Basingstoke; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain other roads in the county of Southampton.

170. An act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the guide post, in the village of Adderbury, in the county of Oxford, through Kidlington, to the end of The Mileway, in the city of Oxford.

171. An act for making and repairing the road from Kinross in the county of Kinross, to Alloa, in the county of Clachnanan.

172. An act for amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Atcham, through Condover to Dorrington: and also the road branching out of the said road, at a place called Allfield Turning, in the said parish of Condover, to the turnpike road leading from Shrewsbury to Ludlowy at a place called Hongerhill in the same parish, all in the county of Salop.

173. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from Bolton in the Moors, to Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

174. An act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from or near Edenfield Chapel in the township of Tottington Higher End, in the parish of Bury, to the township of Little Bolton, in the parish of Bolton in le Moors; and also for making and maintaining a road, from the said road, at or near a place called Booth Pitts, in the township of Tottington Lower End, to or near Bury Bridge, in the township of Elton, in the said parish of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

175. An act for enlarging the term and powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late Majesty and the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading to, through, and from the town of Frome in the county of Somerset; and for paving the footways and lighting the streets within the said town.

176. An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts, for amending and keeping in repair several roads therein mentioned, leading into the town of Leominster, in the county of Hereford.

177. An act for more effectualiy repairing the roads between the house commonly called The Horseshoe House, in the parish of Stoke Goldington, in the county of Buckingham, and the town of Northampton; and from the north bridge of Newport Pagnely in the said county of Buckingham, to the said Horseshoe House.

178. An act for extending the term, and amending and enlarging the powers of an act, passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making end repairing several roads round the city of Bristol; and for making and keeping in repair a road from the turnpike gate, at the sign of The Blackbirds, on the Stapleton and Mangotsfield common road, into the Bitton, and Toghill common road.

179. An act for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road leading from the town of Cambridge, into the old north road near Arrington Bridge, all in the county of Cambridge.

180. An act for Enlarging the term and powers of an act, passed in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for making and repairing the road from Newmiln Bridge, by Foodie's mill, Inverkeithing, Aberdour, Kircaldy, Gallatown, and Cameron Bridge, to Craill, and other roads in the county of Fife; and for making and repairing other roads in the said county.

