Acts passed in 1797, 38 George 3 c.1 - c.94.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 41 part 2.
---

1. To amend and continue, until one month after the conclusion of the present war, the provisions contained in an act, passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter ninety-one, videlicet, On the twenty-second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the restriction on payments of cash by the bank.

2. To continue, until the expiration of thirty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and thirty-seven, videlicet, On the twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, intituled, An act to continue an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act to revive and continue, for a limited time, and amend an act, passed in the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to allow the banks, and certain banking companies, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to issue notes for sums under a certain amount, for a limited time; and for indemnfying all persons who have issued notes for shall sums of money in that part of the united kingdom, for a limited time.

3. To continue, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-two, videlicet, On the sixth of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for prohibiting the importation of cambricks and French lawns into this kingdom, not being of the manufacture of Ireland, except for the purpose of being warehoused for exportation.

4. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

5. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

6. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

7. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, two several acts passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, the one, chapter thirty-two, on the tenth day of March, and the other, chapter sixty-one, on the twenty-fifth day of May, one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for suspending, for a limited time, the operation of certain acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of promissory notes and bills of exchange, under a limited sum, within that part of Great Britain called England.

8. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

9. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of his present Majesty, chapter fifteen, videlicet, On the sixteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also an act, pasted in the same year, chapter eighty, videlicet, On the twenty-second day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and also another act, pasted in the thirty-sixth year of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the fourteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; and to continue, for the same period, an act, passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth. and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter twenty-one, videlicet, On the twenty-eighth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade and commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

10. To continue, until the expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the next session of parliament, so much of an act, passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seven, videlicet, On the eleventh of November one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, as relates to the exportation and carrying coastwise of wheat and rye, and to the importation of several articles of provision.

11. To revive and continue, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and two, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to His Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland.

12. To give further time for executing, and for enlarging, the powers of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

13. To amend an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to enable His Majesty to grant commissions to a certain number of foreign protestants, who have served abroad as officers or engineers, to act and rank as officers or engineers in America only, under certain restrictions and qualifications.

14. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

15. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore, to continue until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

16. For granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war.

17. For allowing, during the continuance of the present war, a certain proportion of the men, raised in pursuance of two acts of the last session of parliament for augmenting the militia, to enlist into his Majesty's other forces, and to serve until six months after the conclusion of a general peace.

18. To enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the supplementary militia, and to provide for the necessary augmentation of men, in the several companies of militia, by incorporating the supplementary militia therewith.

19. To give further time for putting in execution an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty to order out a certain proportion of the supplementary militia, and to provide for the necessary augmentation of men in the several companies of militia, by incorporating the supplementary militia therewith.

20. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

21. For settling and securing a certain annuity on John earl Saint Vincent, and the two next persons to whom the title of earl Saint Vincent shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said John earl Saint Vincent to his Majesty and the publick.

22. For settling and securing a certain annuity on Adam lord viscount Duncan, and the two next persons to whom the title of viscount Duncan shall descend, in consideration of the eminent service performed by the said Adam lord viscount Duncan to his Majesty and the publick.

23. For punishing mutiny and desertion and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

24. To repeal the duties on gold and silver plate used in watch cases.

25. To permit, during the continuance of the present war, the importation of salt from Portugal, in neutral ships.

26. For rectifying mistakes in the names of the several of the commissioners appointed by an act, made in the last session of parliament, to put in execution an act, made in the same session, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven; and for appointing other commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned act, to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for indemnifying such persons as have acted as commissioners for executing the said act, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven.

27. To enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the defence and security of the realm during the present war; and for indemnifying persons who may suffer in their property by such measures as may be necessary for that purpose.

28. To prevent, during the war, persons residing or being in Great Britain, from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to the government of the United Provinces, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any persons within the said provinces, without licence for that purpose; and for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid or assistance being given to his Majesty's enemies, to the said United Provinces, and to the persons exercising the powers of government therein, and also to the persons, territories, and places, under their government.

29. To revive and continue, until the conclusion of the present war, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and twenty-five, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for authorising his Majesty to permit the exportation of an additional quantity of wheat and other articles to the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney.

30. To continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter seventy-six, videlicet, On the sixth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for disallowing the bounty on sail cloth or canvas, the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to Ireland

31. To revive and continue, until the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, an act passed in the session of parliament holden in the thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh years of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and two, videlicet, On the nineteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries, in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland, therein particularly described, for a limited time; and for regulating the duties on distilleries, in the respective districts in Scotland.

32. For encreasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

33. To amend two acts, made in the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, and the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, respecting the performance of quarantine; for punishing persons acting contrary to any order in council, which may be made for laying any embargo on ships or vessels, or for prohibiting or regulating the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchandize; to prevent the fraudulent importation of glass into this kingdom; for permitting the removal of coffee and cocoa coastwise, for the greater convenience of exportation; to authorise the commissioners of the customs to return the duties paid on goods imported, which shall be lost or destroyed before the landing thereof; to prevent vessels licensed by the admiralty, from being engaged in any trade or employment not permitted by their licences; for permitting wines put on board any of his Majesty's ships, to be removed from one ship to another, without being first landed and warehoused; and for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, to wines delivered into the charge of the collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at the port of Falmouth.

34. For making compensation to the proprietors of certain lands and hereditaments purchased in pursuance of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing his Majesty's batteries and other works in the counties of Kent and Devon, and to certain owners and occupiers of lands who have sustained any loss or damage in consequence of the said act.

35. To continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco-pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and two; to the allowing the importation of rape seed, and other seeds used for extracting oil, whenever the prices of middling British rape seed shall be above a certain limit, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine; to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; and so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue for a limited time, until the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine.

36. To empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

37. For raising the sum of seventeen millions by way of annuities.

38. For declaring the validity of two orders in council, dated the sixth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the thirtieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for enlarging the time of appealing in prize causes; and for permitting appeals to be prosecuted after such time shall have elapsed, in such special causes as his Majesty, by any order in council, shall authorise.

39. To amend an act, passed in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for allowing the importation and exportation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the island of Jamaica, in the port of Saint George in the island of Grenada, in the port of Roseau in the island of Dominica, and in the port of Nassau, in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama Islands, under certain regulations and restrictions.

40. For repealing the duties on houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on clocks and watches; and for granting to his Majesty other duties on houses, windows, and lights, and on inhibited houses, in lieu thereof.

41. For repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

42. For granting to his Majesty an additional duty of excise upon tea; and for repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, as charges a duty of five pounds per centum upon tea imported into or sold in Great Britain,

43. For granting to his Majesty additional duties on salt.

44. To enable his Majesty to call out a part of the militia in that part of Great Britain, called Scotland, and to amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to raise and embody a militia force in that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland.

45. To prevent, during the war, persons residing or being in Great Britain from advancing money or effects for the purchase or on the credit of debts owing to any of the governments in Switzerland, or any bodies politick or corporate, or any persons therein, without licence for that purpose; for extending the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, more effectually to prevent, during the present war between Great Britain and France, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid and assistance being given to, his Majesty's enemies, to Switzerland; and also the provisions of an act, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for preventing money or effects in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, any persons resident in France, being applied to the use of the persons exercising the powers of government in France, and for preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof, to the United Provinces, and to Switzerland, and to the persons exercising the powers of government therein, and also to the persons, territories, and places, under their government.

46. For the more speedy and effectual manning of his Majesty's navy.

47. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

48. To alter and amend so much of an act, passed in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year cne thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, as relates to the qualification of commissioners.

49. For vesting divers lands and hereditaments in the parish of Halifax, in the county of York, in trustees and their heirs, upon certain trusts therein mentioned, discharged from all claims of the crown in respect of any forfeiture incurred under or by virtue of the statutes of mortmain, or the laws relating to mortmain.

50. To continue, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

51. For authorising the billetting such troops of yeomanry cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the purpose of being trained together, and for exempting from the payment of certain duties persons providing horses for the said yeomanry cavalry.

52. To regulate the trial of causes, indictments, and other proceedings, which arise within the counties of certain cities and towns corporate within this kingdom.

53. For granting to his Majesty a duty on certificates issued with respect to armorial bearings or ensigns.

54. To amend several laws of excise relating to coach-makers, auctioneers, beer and cyder exported, certificates and debentures, stamps on hides and skins, drawbacks on wines and sweets, and ale and beer licences.

55. For augmenting the number of field officers, and other officers of militia; and for making other provisions concerning the militia forces of this kingdom.

56. For repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on the several matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the duties on certificates to be taken out by solicitors, attornies, and others practising in certain courts of justice in Great Britain; as imposes a duty on licences granted to stipendiary curates to perform the office of curate in any church or chapel.

57. For the further encouraging the southern whale fisheries.

58. To continue, until the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectual encouragement of the British fisheries.

59. To revive and continue, until the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, an act, passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter forty-two, videlicet, On the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and seventy-four, intituled, An act to prohibit the importation of light silver coin, of this realm, from foreign countries, into Great Britain or Ireland; and to refrain the tender thereof beyond a certain sum; and to suspend the coining of silver.

60. For making perpetual, subject to redemption and purchase in the manner therein dated, the several sums of money now charged in Great Britain as a land tax for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

61. To continue, until the end of the next session of parliament, and amend an act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, chapter one hundred and six, videlicet, On the eighteenth day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, for regulating the allowance of the drawbacks and payment of the bounty on the exportation of sugar.

62. To empower magistrates and justices of the peace, in setting the assize of bread, to make an allowance on account of the additional duty on salt.

63. For the further encouragement of the trade and manufactures of The Isle of Man; for improving the revenue thereof; and for the more effectual prevention of smuggling to and from the said island.

64. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

65. For preventing the depasturing of forests, commons, and open fields, with sheep or lambs infected with the scab or mange, in that part of Great Britain called England.

66. For empowering his Majesty, for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

67. To prevent the exportation of base coin to his Majesty's colonies in the West Indies, and America.

68. For regulating the payment, until two months after the commencement of the next session of parliament after the end of the present war, of the duties on cinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace, and for granting to his Majesty additional duties thereon.

69. For allowing gold wares to be manufactured at a standard lower than is now allowed by law.

70. For making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

71. For encouraging the art of making new models and casts of busts, and other things therein mentioned.

72. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

73. For amending and rendering more effectual an act, made in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent abuses and frauds in the packing, weight, and sale of butter; and to repeal certain acts relating thereto.

74. For raising a body of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

75. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

76. For the better protection of the trade of this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of certain ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace.

77. To amend an act of the present session of parliament, intituled, An act to continue, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred, and until the end of the then next session of parliament, and amend an act made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty intituled, An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

78. For preventing the mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing newspapers, and papers of a like nature, by persons not known; and for regulating the printing and publication of such papers in other respects.

79. More effectually to prevent, during the war, persons, being his Majesty's subjects, from voluntarily repairing to or remaining in France, or any country or place united to France, or occupied by the armies of France; and to prevent correspondence with such persons, and with his Majesty's enemies.

80. To explain and amend an act of the present session of parliament, intituled, An act for repealing the duties upon male servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs; and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof.

81. For the better execution of an act of the present session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war.

82. For raising an additional sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

83. To authorise exchequer bills to be issued on the credit of the loan granted by an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising the sum of seventeen millions by way of annuities.

84. To enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as shall arise by virtue of an act of this session, for granting an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the War; and also on such rates and duties as may be granted by any act of this session for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom; and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported, and on the tonnage of ships entering outwards or inwards.

85. For explaining and amending certain acts relating to the stamp duties; and for extending the rates and duties of stamps, now payable on vellum, parchment, and paper, to all other materials.

86. For abolishing certain offices in the customs, and for regulating certain other offices therein; and for applying the fees which have been received from vacant offices towards the augmentation of the superannuation fund.

87. For the administration of assets in cases where the executor to whom probate has been granted is out of the realm.

88. For regulating, until the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, the shipping and carrying of slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

89. For transferring the management of the salt duties to the commissioners of excise; and for repealing the duties on salt, and the drawbacks, allowances, and bounties paid thereout, and for granting other duties, drawbacks, allowances, and bounties thereon.

90. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of one million for the uses and purposes therein mentioned, and for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament; and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

91. For raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills.

92. To revive, continue until the tenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and amend an act, passed in the last session or parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties on distilleries in the several parts of the highlands of Scotland therein particularly described, for a limited time, and for regulating the duties on distilleries in the respective districts in Scotland; and for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on spirits distilled for consumption, and a duty on unmalted grain used in distillation, in Scotland; and for altering and amending certain other acts of parliament for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland.

93. For ascertaining the duty payable on taxed carts.

94. For the regulation of the provisional force of cavalry, raised by virtue of two acts of the last session of parliament.

