Acts passed in 1799, 39 & 40 George 3 c.1 - c.109.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 42 part 2.
---

1. For enabling his Majesty to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain restrictions.

2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

3. For continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

4. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred; and for permitting exchequer bills, issued under an act of the last session of parliament, for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, and for other purposes, if not paid by a certain day, to be received in payment of any of the branches of the publick revenue.

5. For enabling his Majesty to direct the issue of exchequer bills to a limited amount, and in the manner therein mentioned, for the relief of the merchants of Liverpool and Lancaster.

6. To enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills to a limited amount, on the credit of such monies as may arise by virtue of an act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting certain additional duties of customs on goods exported and imported, and on tonnage of ships entering outwards or inwards to or from foreign parts, until the signing the preliminary articles of peace; and upon an act of last session of parliament for granting certain duties upon income.

7. To prohibit, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or any bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

8. For reducing, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred, the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith; for prohibiting the distillation of spirits from wheat or wheat flour; and for reducing, until the twentieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of starch.

9. To continue, until the twentieth day of February one thousand eight hundred, several laws relating to the prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces; to the empowering his Majesty to accept the services of such parts of the militia of this kingdom as may offer to serve in Ireland; to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; to the establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships; and to continue, until the thirtieth day of September one thousand eight hundred, an act of the last session of parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, and permit the importation of corn, and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision, without payment of duty.

10. To extend the period, limited by an act of the last session of parliament, for the benefit of preference to certain bodies, companies, and persons, in contracting for the redemption of land tax, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred.

11. To amend so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, for granting certain duties upon income, as relates to the appropriation of the said duties, and of the duties upon goods imported and exported, granted by an act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty.

12. To enable the commissioners of the customs to allow, until the first day of April one thousand eight hundred, British plantation sugars to be warehoused; to revive so much of an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing, until the fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred, certain drawbacks on sugar exported.

13. For allowing further time for the payment of instalments on certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

14. For empowering his Majesty to shorten the time for the meeting of parliament in cases or adjournment.

15. For continuing, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for empowering his Majesty for a time and to an extent to be limited, to accept the services of such parts of his militia forces in this kingdom as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Ireland.

16. For continuing, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, an act, made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

17. To continue, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, an act, made in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; and to continue, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the next session of parliament, several laws relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and the issuing of orders in council for that purpose; to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships.

18. To prohibit, until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next section of parliament, any person or persons from selling any bread which shall not have been baked a certain time.

19. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred.

20. For further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for further continuing, until the first day of March one thousand eight hundred, an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to empower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

21. To continue, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one, an act, made in this present session of parliament, to prohibit the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, or other sort of grain, or from meal, flour, or bran, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

22. For raising the sum of twenty millions five hundred thousand pounds by way of annuities.

23. For granting to his Majesty additional duties of excise on British and foreign spirits, and tea.

24. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

25. To prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred, the use of wheat in making starch.

26. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the of for the reduction of the national debt.

27. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

28. For establishing an agreement with the governor and company of the bank of England, for advancing the sum of three millions, towards the supply for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

29. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, wheaten flour, and rice, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred.

30. For extending, from the twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the period of preference, granted and continued by several acts to bodies corporate and persons for the redemption of land tax; and for enlarging several of the powers contained in the said acts.

31. For appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former acts for appointing commissioners of the land tax.

32. For indemnifying persons serving in volunteer corps, who have omitted to take out certificates for wearing hair powder; and to amend so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty, a duty on certificates issued for using hair powder, as relates to the exempting persons serving in volunteer corps, and certain officers in his Majesty's navy serving on the establishment of the royal hospital at Greenwich, from the said duty; and for obliging persons claiming to be exempt from the duties on horses provided and furnished for volunteer corps to deliver certificates thereof to the proper officers.

33. To enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to issue exchequer bills, to a limited amount, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England to advance cash or bullion, to be remitted abroad on account of foreign subsidies or services abroad.

34. To permit the importation of goods and commodities from countries in America, belonging to any foreign European sovereign or state, in neutral ships, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

35. For granting a bounty on the importation of oats, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred.

36. To enable courts of equity to compel a transfer of stock in suits, without making the governor and company of the bank of England, or the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas or other parts of America, party thereto.

37. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred.

38. For repealing so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for permitting certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused; and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof as relates to saltpetre.

39. For increasing the rates of subsistence to be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers.

40. To enlarge the powers of the directors and guardians of the poor within the several hundreds, towns, and districts, in that part of Great Britain called England, incorporated by divers acts of parliament, for the purpose of the better maintenance and employment of the poor, as to the assessments to be made upon the several parishes, hamlets, and places therein mentioned, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two.

41. For explaining and amending several acts, made in the thirty-second year of King Henry the Eighth, and the first, thirteenth, and fourteenth years of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as respects leases granted by archbishops, bishops, masters and fellows of colleges, deans and chapters of cathedral and collegiate churches, masters and guardians of hospitals, and others having any spiritual or ecclesiastical living or promotion.

42. For the better observance of Good Friday, in certain cases therein mentioned.

43. To confirm an agreement entered into between the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury and the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, in pursuance of an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the commissioners of the treasury to contract with the most noble Charles duke of Richmond, for the absolute purchase of the property of the said duke, and of all others interested, in a certain duty of twelve-pence per chaldron on coals shipped in the river Tyne to be consumed in England, and to grant a compensation for the same, by way of annuity, payable out of the confohdated fund.

44. For granting, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, certain allowances to adjutants, serjeant majors, and serjeants of militia, disembodied under an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for enabling his Majesty to accept the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia, under certain restrictions.

45. For making perpetual so much of an act, made in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for better securing the duties on glass, as was to continue in force for a limited time; and to continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty upon certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and one; to the better encouragement of the making of sail cloth in Great Britain, to the encouraging the manufacture of British sail cloth, and securing the duties on foreign-made sail cloth imported, to the securing the duties upon foreign-made sail cloth, and charging foreign-made fails with a duty, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the regulating the fees of the officers of the customs, and of the naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland, until the ninth day of May one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the landing rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; to the encouraging the fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British dominions in Europe, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and to the further support and encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one.

46. For the more easy and expeditious recovery of small debts, and determining small causes in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

47. For repealing the rates and fares taken by licensed hackney coachmen, and for establishing other rates and fares in lieu thereof; and for explaining and amending several laws relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

48. To repeal the duties on sugar and coffee exported, granted by an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for allowing British plantation sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an act, made in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported, until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

49. For the better ascertaining and collecting the duties granted by several acts passed in the last session of parliament, relating to the duties on income; and to explain and amend the said acts.

50. To extend the provisions of an act made in the seventeenth year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled, An act to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction.

51. To permit blubber from the Greenland fishery and Davis's Streights to be boiled into oil after the arrival of the ships from the fishery, and for charging the duty thereon; for altering the convoy duty now payable on the importation of opium; for repealing the duties on the importation of oil of turpentine and tar, and charging other duties in lieu thereof; for exempting burr stones and stones used for the purpose of paving or the making or mending of roads, from the duties charged thereon when carried coastwise; for obliging masters of ships laden with tobacco to remove the same from their moorings when their cargoes are discharged; and for extending bonds given on licensed ships, vessels, or boats, to all cases wherein ships, vessels, or boats mav be liable to forfeiture.

52. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

53. For granting a bounty on the importation of rye, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred.

54. For more effectually charging publick accountants with the payment of interest; for allowing interest to them in certain cases; and for compelling the payment of balances due from them.

55. To amend so much of an act, made in the last session of parliament, for the augmentation of the salaries of the judges of the courts in Westminster Hall, and also of the lords of session, lords commissioners of justiciary, and barons of exchequer in Scotland, as relates to the salaries of the judges of the Courts of session, justiciary, and exchequer in Scotland.

56. For relief of persons entitled to entailed estates to be purchased with trust monies.

57. For enabling the barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland to advance to the lord provost and magistrates of the city of Edinburgh, for the purpose of completing the improvements of the harbour of Leith, a certain sum, being part of the money which by an act of the last session of parliament was directed to be paid into the said court of exchequer by the proprietors of the Forth and Clyde navigation.

58. For further continuing and amending an act, made in the last session of parliament, for enabling his Majesty to prohibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn; and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision without payment of duty.

59. To remove doubts arising from the construction of an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for permitting certain goods imported from the East Indies to be warehoused, and for repealing the duties now payable thereon, and granting other duties in lieu thereof.

60. To lessen the duties on wine and spirits the produce of the British settlement of the Cape of Good Hope; and to empower the importers to land the same before payment of the duties of excise, and to lodge the same in warehouses; and to allow the same to be shipped free of duty as stores, to be consumed on board merchants ships on their voyages.

61. To revive and continue, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, such part of an act, made in the present section of parliament, for reducing the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, and for other purposes, as relates to the duties on wort or wash brewed or made from melasses or sugar.

62. To allow, for nine months after the passing of the act, the use of sugar in the brewing of beer.

63. For repealing part of the duties and drawbacks of customs on kid skins imported, and the exemption of imported kid skins from excise duty on being dressed in Great Britain.

64. For permitting the free importation of linseed cakes and rape cakes in neutral ships.

65. To continue, until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, several acts relating to the admission of certain articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and to the issuing of orders in council for that purpose.

66. To repeal so much of an act, passed in the second year of King James the First, as prohibits the use of horse hides in making boots and shoes; and for better preventing the damaging of raw hides and skins in the flaying thereof.

67. For the union of Great Britain and Ireland.

68. For extending the powers of the commissioners named in an act, made in this present session of parliament, intituled, An act for appointing commissioners to put in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred, together with those named in two former acts, for appointing commissioners of the land tax; for indemnifying such persons, named in the said act, as have acted as commissioners of the land tax; and for rendering valid certain acts done by them.

69. For repealing the duties on perfumery and on licences for vending the same.

70. To exempt from duty waste paper imported into this kingdom, for the purpose of being re-manufactured, except the duty imposed by an act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the better protection of the trade of this kingdom, and for granting new and additional duties of customs on goods imported and exported.

71. To authorise bakers and other persons to sell bread to his Majesty's forces on the march, which shall not have been baked twenty-four hours, and to indemnify all persons by whom such bread may have been so sold.

72. To amend several laws relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper.

73. For repealing the duties of excise on distilleries in Scotland, and on the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for altering, amending, and continuing certain acts of parliament for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland.

74. For amending several acts for regulating the price and assize of bread.

75. For making allowances in certain cases to subaltern officers of the militia in time of peace.

76. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

77. For the security of collieries and mines, and for the better regulation of colliers and miners.

78. To discharge from a disputed and dormant claim of the publick, several estates belonging to the right honourable William Carr earl of Erroll, lord high constable of Scotland.

79. For establishing further regulations for the government of the British territories in India, and the better administration of justice within the same.

80. For erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent; and for reducing into one act the laws relating to quarantine, and for making further provision therein.

81. To repeal an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to prevent frauds in the buying and selling of hops, and for the better collection of the duty on hops; and to prevent frauds and abuses in the trade of hops.

82. For suspending, until the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred, the duties on foreign hops imported, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

83. For permitting French wines to be imported into this kingdom from the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in bottles or flasks.

84. To render valid indentures of apprenticeship of poor children and others, made upon improper stamps, upon certain conditions, and to indemnify all persons who may have incurred penalties thereby; and for allowing attested copies of indentures, leases, or deeds, to be stamped after the ingrossing, writing, or printing thereof.

85. To continue, until the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and one, and amend an act of the last session of parliament, for continuing several acts for the encouragement of the British fisheries.

86. For the better preservation of timber in the New Forest, in the county of Southampton; and for ascertaining the boundaries of the said forest, and of the lands of the crown within the same.

87. For the more effectual prevention of depredations on the river Thames, and in its vicinity; and to amend an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing of thefts and frauds by persons navigating bum boats and other boats upon the river Thames.

88. Concerning the disposition of certain real and personal property of his Majesty, his heirs and successors; and also of the real and personal property of her Majesty, and of the Queen consort for the time being.

89. For the better preventing the embezzlement of his Majesty's naval, ordnance, and victualling stores.

90. For settling disputes that may arise between masters and workmen engaged in the cotton manufacture in that part of Great Britain called England.

91. To prohibit, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred, the exportation of rice.

92. For establishing certain regulations in the offices of the house of commons.

93. For regulating trials for high treason and misprision of high treason, in certain cases.

94. For the safe custody of insane persons charged with offences.

96. To indemnify all persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any papers printed under the authority of the commissioners or head officers of any publick boards, from all penalties incurred by reason of the name and place of abode of the printer of such papers not being printed thereon.

96. For explaining and amending so much of an act, passed in the present session of parliament, relating to the duties on income, as respects the delivery of the statements to the commercial commissioners of London, under the amount of twenty pounds.

97. To incorporate certain persons by the name of The London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Breads for a limited time.

98. To restrain all trusts and directions in deeds or wills, whereby the profits or produce of real or personal estate shall be accumulated, and the beneficial enjoyment thereof postponed beyond the time therein limited.

99. For better regulating the business of pawnbrokers.

100. To authorise his Majesty to grant commissions to natives of the seven united provinces, or of the hereditary states of the prince of Orange, to serve on board certain Dutch ships of war, surrendered to his Majesty's fleet, and in regiments in the pay of his Majesty; and to enable any such natives to inlist as soldiers in such regiments, under certain restrictions.

101. To give further time for the payment, on the conditions therein mentioned, of instalments, on certain loans advanced to the house of Alexander Houstoun and company, to Charles Ashwell esquire, and to William Johnstone esquire, being persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

102. For raising the sum of three millions five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

103. For raising the sum of three millions, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

104. For raising the further sum of three millions by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred.

105. For the better regulating the practice, and for preventing delays in the proceedings of the court of common pleas at Lancaster.

106. To repeal an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to prevent unlawful combinations of workmen; and to substitute other provisions in lieu thereof.

107. To permit, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, the importation of Swedish herrings, into Great Britain.

108. For indemnifying the governor of Surinam, or the person acting as such, for having permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms; and for making void all seizures of ships, vessels, or goods, for any thing done in pursuance of such permission.

109. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund, for applying certain sums of money therein mentioned, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred; for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament, and for making forth duplicates of exchequer bills, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

