Acts passed in 1800, 41 George 3 c.1 - c.32.
From Danby Pickering, Statutes At Large, vol 42 part 3.
---

1. To prohibit until the first day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, the exportation of rice; and to indemnify all persons who have been concerned in preventing the exportation thereof, or in the nonperformance of any contracts and agreements that shall not have been performed in consequence thereof.

2. To authorise his Majesty, from time to time, to prohibit the exportation of provisions or food.

3. To prohibit, until the first day at January one thousand eight hundred and two, the use of corn in distilling of spirits or making of starch.

4. For suspending, until the twentieth day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the duties on hops imported, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof.

5. For continuing, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the first session of parliament that, shall be begun, and holden after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, several laws relating to the prohibiting the exportation, and permitting the importation, of corn and other articles of provision, without payment of duty; to the allowing the use of sugar in the brewing of beer; to the reducing the duties upon spirits distilled from melasses and sugar; and to the prohibiting the making of low wines or spirits from wheat, and certain other articles, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

6. For shortening, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the time of keeping in steep for malting, barley damaged by rain in the late harvest.

7. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

8. For continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one.

9. To explain and amend an act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better relief and employment of the poor.

10. For granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat and Indian meal, wheaten flour, and rice.

11. To permit, until the first day of October, one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of herrings and other fish, the produce of the fishery carried on in Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Newfoundland, and on the coast of Labrador, into this kingdom, without payment of duty.

12. For making better provision for the maintenance of the poor, and for diminishing the consumption of bread corn, by directing the manner of applying parish relief, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence until the end of six weeks after the meeting of the then next session of parliament.

13. To enable commissioners to purchase certain buildings for the accommodation of the two houses of parliament.

14. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

15. For taking an account of the population of Great Britain, and of the increase or diminution thereof.

16. To prevent, until the sixth day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks from the commencement of the then next session of parliament, the manufacturing of any fine flour from wheat, or other grain, and the making of any bread solely from the fine flour of wheat; and to repeal an act passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for permitting bakers to make and sell certain sorts of bread, and to make more effectual provision for the same.

17. To prohibit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the end of six weeks next after the commencement of the then next session of parliament, any person or persons from selling any bread which shall not have been baked twenty-four hours.

18. To permit, until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the importation of Swedish herrings into Great Britain.

19. To remove doubts arising upon the construction of an act of this session of parliament, intituled, An act for granting bounties on the importation of wheat, barley, rye, oats, pease, beans, and Indian corn, and of barley, rye, oat, and Indian meal, and wheaten flour and rice.

20. To revive and continue until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, and amend so much of an act of the last session of parliament, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the duties payable on the importation of starch; and to continue for the same time several laws relating to the enabling his Majesty to permit goods to be imported into this kingdom in neutral ships: to the authorising his Majesty to make regulations respecting the trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the preventing offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging ships, and in obstructing seamen and others from pursuing their lawful occupations.

21. For allowing, until the fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, the use of salt, duty free, in the preserving of fish in bulk or in barrels; for protecting persons engaged in such fisheries from being impressed into his Majesty's service; for discontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported; and for allowing a bounty on pilchards now cured, whether exported or sold for home consumption.

22. To authorise his Majesty to appoint commissioners for the more effectual examination of accounts of publick expenditure for his Majesty's forces in the West Indies during the present war.

23. For making the port of Amsterdam in the island of Curacao a free port.

24. For continuing, until six months after the conclusion of a general peace, three acts, made in the thirty-third and thirty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

25. For allowing the importation of undressed hemp from any of the countries that lie within the limits of the exclusive trade of the East India company free of duty.

26. For continuing, until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, the several acts for regulating the turnpike roads in Great Britain, which expire at the end of the present session of parliament.

27. For extending the time for the payment of certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

28. To explain, amend, and render more effectual, the several acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and in the last session of parliament, for the redemption and purchase of the land tax.

29. For further continuing, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and seven, an act, made in the thirty-seventh vear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better prevention and punishment of attempts to seduce persons serving in his Majesty's forces, by sea or land, from their duty and allegiance to his Majesty, or to incite them to mutiny or disobedience.

30. For explaining and amending an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An act for erecting a lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the county of Kent, and for reducing into one act the laws relating to quarantine; and for making further provisions therein, as far as regards the payment of the tonnage duty in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man.

31. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one; to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, to provide admissions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and one; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerics of the peace within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited for that purpose, until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and one.

32. For further continuing, until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament, several acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, and in the last session of parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

