Acts passed in 1801, 41 George 3 (UK) c.1 - c.109.
From Raithby, Statutes of the United Kingdom, volume 1, 1804.
---

1. An act to suspend, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; as relates to other Grain than Wheat; and for indemnifying Persons who may have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of such other Grain finer than is prescribed by the said Act.

2. An act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An act to prevent, until the sixth Day of November one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the manufacturing of any Fine Flour from Wheat or other Grain, and the making of any Bread solely from the Fine Flour of Wheat; and to repeal an Act passed in the thirty sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for permitting Bakers to malt and sell certain Sorts of Bread, and to make more effectual Provision for the same; and to indemnify Millers and other Persons who have dressed, sold, or used any Meal or Flour of a finer Description than allowed by the said Act.

3. An act for raising the Sum of twenty-eight Millions by way of Annuities.

4. An act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

5. An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Captain Sir Sidney Smith, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered during his Command on the Coast of Egypt.

6. An act for increasing the Number of Field Officers of the several Regiments of Militia in Ireland.

7. An act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage in Great Britain, and granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof, and on Letters conveyed to or from any Part of the United Kingdom from or to any Place out of the said Kingdom, and by Packet Boats from or to the Ports of Holyhead and Milford Haven.

8. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Paper, Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scaleboard, made in or imported into Great Britain; and on Tea imported into and sold in Great Britain.

9. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Horses in Great Britain and for exempting from Duty, Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, by Persons holding Farms under a certain Value.

10. An act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, and Insurances; and on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds.

11. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An act to amend an Act made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled. An act to permit Bakers to make and sell certain Sorts of Bread.

13. An act for increasing the Bounties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Flour imported from America, in Ships which shall have cleared out between certain Periods.

14. An act for amending and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, two Acts, passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

15. An act to continue, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, intituled. An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government.

16. An act to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Malt and the distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

17. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, certain Acts of the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Duties to his Majesty.

18. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two.

19. An act for reviving and continuing, until the first Day October one thousand eight hundred and one, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; for reviving, continuing until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and amending, an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit Goods to be imported into Great Britain, in Neutral Ships; for reviving, and continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and four, and from thence until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for authorizing his Majesty to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope; and for reviving and making perpetual an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, and in obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

20. An act to extend, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and one, the provisions of an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better Cultivation, Improvement, and Regulation of the Common Arable Fields, Wastes, and Commons of Pasture, in this Kingdom, and for encouraging the Cultivation of Potatoes in Open and Common Field Lands.

21. An act for permitting East India Goods prohibited to be worn or used in Great Britain, and warehoused, in pursuance of an Act made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to be removed by Land Carriage to certain Ports, for the Purpose of being exported to the British Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies.

22. An act to render valid Indentures of Apprenticeship of Poor Children and others, made upon improper Stamps, upon certain Conditions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have incurred Penalties thereby.

23. An act for the better Collection of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor.

24. An act for the indemnifying of Persons injured by the forcible pulling down and demolishing of Mills, or of Works thereunto belonging, by Persons unlawfully and riotously assembled.

25. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Master of the Rolls, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for augmenting the Salary annexed to the said Office.

26. An act for reviving and further continuing, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts, made in the thirty-eighth, thirty-ninth, and fortieth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and in the last Session of Parliament, for empowering his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Governments.

27. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery.

28. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Timber, Sugar, Raisins, and Pepper, imported into, and on Lead exported from, Great Britain.

29. An act for granting an additional Duty on English Spirits imported into Scotland, and for allowing, until forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, at a lower Rate of Duty.

30. An act to revive and continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the more effectually preventing seditious Meetings and Assemblies.

31. An act to revive and continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and one, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for shortening, until the twenty fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, the Time of keeping in Steep, for Malting, Barley damaged by Rain in the last Harvest.

32. An act for granting to his Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

33. An act for repealing certain Duties upon Tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for granting additional Duties on Sugar and Coals imported into Ireland.

34. An act for granting Bounties on the Importation into Ireland of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, and Indian Corn, and of Barley, Rye, Oats, Indian Meal, and Wheaten Flour and Rice.

35. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inn-keepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

36. An act For enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit for a limited Time, so as such Prohibition shall not endure beyond the Expiration of six Weeks from the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit for such limited Time the Importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, without Payment of Duty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted for the Service of the Publick, in advising or carrying into Execution certain Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland.

37. An act for making Provision for the Entry and Return Voyages of certain Ships which may import Rice or other Grain from the East Indies, and to authorize the Importation of Rice or other Grain into Ireland, in Ships coming directly from the East Indies.

38. An act to amend so much of an Act passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; as relates to the Forms of Conviction therein referred to.

39. An act for the more effectually preventing the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills.

40. An act to permit Persons in Holy Orders to keep one Horse only for the Purpose of Riding, without being subject to the Duty granted by an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, under certain Limitations.

41. An act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and one, the Importation into Ireland of British and Foreign Hops at a like Duty as is payable in Great Britain for the same.

42. An act to exempt Elephant Oil sold by Auction in Great Britain, from the Duty imposed on such Sales.

43. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in England, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

44. An act for reviving, continuing until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to repeal the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, granted by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth Tear of his present Majesty's Reign, for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; for reviving so much of an Act made in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the Average Price of Sugar, and regulating the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation thereof; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported, until the tenth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and one.

45. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, several Laws passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relating to the regulating and extending the Tobacco Trade, and securing the Duties payable on Tobacco; to the collecting and Securing the Duties upon Malt; to the Securing the Duties on Auctions and Glass Bottles, and on Paper printed, painted, or stained to serve for Hangings; to the regulating the Trade of rectifying Spirits and preventing Frauds by Rectifiers; to the further Improvement of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland; to the better Collection of the Duties on tanned Hides and Skins, and on Vellum, and Parchment; to the better regulating the granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance of Exciseable Goods; to the regulating the Payment of Bounties on the Exportation of certain Manufactures; to the better Securing the Duties on Licences to Persons engaged in certain Trades; to the better regulating the Collection of his Majesty's Revenue, and preventing Frauds therein; and to revive and continue until the said twenty-ninth Day of September, an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign for granting Annuities In Manner therein provided.

46. An act to render valid all Acts done in Execution of three Several Orders of his Majesty in Council relating to Bills of Exchange drawn by Persons in Russia, and to Freight of Russia, Swedish, and Danish Ships.

47. An act to amend and continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and for securing the Duties payable on Home-made Spirits.

48. An act to continue until the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and amend the Several Laws in Ireland to regulate the issuing of Licences for the Sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cider, and Spirituous Liquors by Retail, and for preventing the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors.

49. An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law.

50. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better Management, Support, and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act, passed in the thirty-eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

51. An act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

52. An act for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and also for carrying into Effect, Part of the fourth Article of the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, by providing in what Cases Persons holding Offices or Places of Profit under the Crown of Ireland, shall be incapable of being Members of the House of Commons of the Parliament of the Said United Kingdom.

53. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the second Year of King James the First, as prohibits the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof.

54. An act to continue, until the fifth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, and for improving the Revenue thereof; and also to repeal and amend certain of the Provisions of the said Act.

55. An act to revive and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, and Serjeants of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, and to amend the said Act.

56. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Time of Peace.

57. An act for the better Prevention of the Forgery of the Notes and Bills of Exchange of Persons carrying on the Business of Bankers.

58. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, additional Stamp Duties in Ireland, on Bonds, Bills of Exchange, and Promissory Notes, and on certain Insurances therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Persons in Ireland holding Obligatory Instruments called Kerry Bonds, which have been executed without being duly stamped.

59. An act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lady Abercromby, Baroness Abercromby of Aboukir, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Abercromby shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Merits of the late Right Honourable General Sir Ralph Abercromby.

60. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury to ascertain what Sum shall be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, in full Satisfaction of the Debt due on the Mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys, Esquire, in Trust for the late Right Honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said Lords Commissioners that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged Premises, in order to recover the Balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

61. An act for further continuing until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for amending and further continuing until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and One, two Acts passed in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Rebellion which still exists within that Kingdom, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects within the same.

62. An act to exempt from the Payment of certain Duties, such Members of both Houses of Parliament serving for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and such other Persons herein described, as may have only an occasional Residence in Great Britain.

63. An act to remove Doubts respecting the Eligibility of Persons in Holy Orders to sit in the House of Commons.

63. An act for the further Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons.

65. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Greet Britain.

66. An act for indemnifying such Persons as, since the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, have acted in the apprehending, imprisoning, or detaining in Custody, in Great Britain, of Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices.

67. An act to amend several Acts for raising a Militia Force in Scotland.

68. An act for altering the Laws now in Force, relating to the Importation and Exportation of Copper; for repealing certain Duties and Drawbacks on such Importation and Exportation; and for substituting new Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

69. An act for transferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on Certificates for wearing Hair Powder, or using Armorial Bearings, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

70. An act for the Relief of certain insolvent Debtors.

71. An act for transferring the Receipt and Management of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade and Business of an Horse Dealer, from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so transferred.

72. An act for extending the Period of Preference granted and continued by several Acts to Bodies Corporate and Persons for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and to amend an Act of the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax.

73. An act for directing the Application of several Sums granted by Parliament to the Dublin Society, and to the arming Societies in Ireland.

74. An act for regulating, until the twentieth Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Allowance of Drawback on the Exportation from Ireland of British Plantation Sugar; and for allowing certain Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland.

75. An act to permit the Exportation of Tea to Ireland without Payment of any Duty, under certain Restrictions.

76. An act to authorize the issuing of Commissions and Letters of Marque and Reprisal against his Majesty's Enemies, to such Ships and Vessels belonging to his Majesty as are or may be employed in the Service of the Boards of Customs and Excise, and other Publick Boards in this Kingdom.

77. An act for allowing, until the first Day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

78. An act to extend the Powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better securing to Constables and others the Expenses of conveying Offenders to Gaol, and for allowing the Charges of Poor Persons bound to give Evidence against Felons; and for allowing to High Constables, in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, their Charges in certain Cases.

79. An act for the better Regulation of Publick Notaries in England. 155.

80. An act to indemnify all Persons who have printed, published, or dispersed, or who shall publish or disperse, any Papers printed under the Authority of any Head Officer of State, or of Publick Boards, or other Publick Authorities, from all Penalties incurred by Reason of the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer of such Papers not being printed thereon.

81. An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

82. An act for raising the Sum of six Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

83. An act for raising the Sum of three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year one thousand eight hundred and one.

84. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the Service of the year one thousand eight hundred and one; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

85. An act for better Payment of Fines and Forfeitures imposed by Justices out of Session, in England.

86. An act for granting to his Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds, or other Deeds; and on Ale Licences.

87. An act for granting unto his Majesty certain Duties on Playing Cards imported into Great Britain.

88. An act for providing Accommodations in Assize Town for the Judges in Ireland, where such Accommodations are not already provided.

89. An act for repealing the Duty now payable on the Importation of Statues, Wrought Stone, and Marble, and granting another Duty in lieu thereof.

90. An act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same.

91. An act for the better Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise.

92. An act to alter the Bounties payable on Wheaten Flour and Indian Corn imported into Ireland; and for providing a Method for recovering the Forfeitures created by an Act of this Session of Parliament to prohibit the making of Malt, and distilling of Spirits from Corn or Grain in Ireland.

93. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, as permits British Hops to be imported into Ireland at a low Rate of Duty.

94. An act to empower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same in Ireland, before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their own Expence, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and eight.

95. An act to facilitate the Trade and Intercourse between Ireland and the United States of America, during the Continuance of the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation between his Majesty and the said States.

96. An act for the better Regulation of his Majesty's Prize Courts in the West Indies and America, and for giving a more speedy and effectual Execution to the Decrees of the Lords Commissioners of Appeals.

97. An act to continue several Laws relating to encouraging the Fisheries carried on at Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, from Great Britain, Ireland, and the British Dominions in Europe, until the first Day of January one thousand eight hundred and three; to the further Support and Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, until the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand eight hundred and two; to the making the Port of Saint John's, in the Island of Antigua, a free Fort, until the tenth Day of July one thousand eight hundred and five; and to the permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, until the End of the War, and six Months after the signing the Definitive Treaty of Peace; for reviving and further continuing, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; for reviving, continuing until the fifth Day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, and amending an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and for making perpetual so much of an Act made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

98. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, for one Year from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and one.

99. An act for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities or London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom.

100. An act to repeal the Tax on Salaries, Profits of Employments, Fees, and Pensions in Ireland, of Persons not resident in Ireland for a certain Period.

101. An act for regulating, until the first Day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament of Great Britain and Ireland, for that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the Qualifications of Members to serve in the said United Parliament.

102. An act to stay, until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms.

103. An act to empower his Majesty to regulate the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta until the signing a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and from thence until six Weeks after the next Meeting of Parliament; and to declare the Isle of Malta to be part of Europe.

104. An act for indemnifying such Persons as have acted since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, for the Preservation of the Publick Peace, and Suppression of Insurrections and Rebellion prevailing in several Districts of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

105. An act to authorize the Judges to whom Petitions for certain Bills shall be referred, to examine Witnesses upon Oath.

106. An act to secure certain Persons born within the Territories of France, and other Persons therein described, from Imprisonment for Debts contracted in Parts beyond the Seas, other than the Dominions of his Majesty.

107. An act for the further Encouragement of Learning, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns, for the Time herein mentioned.

108. An act for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions for executing an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better Preservation of Timber in the New Forest in the County of Southampton, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

109. An act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts.

