Acts passed in 1802, 42 George 3 c.1 - c.120.
From Raithby, Statutes of the United Kingdom, volume 1, 1804.
---

1. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

2. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

3. An act to revive and continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Use of Salt, Duty free, in preserving of Fish; and to discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported; and to indemnify all Persons who have issued or acted under any Orders for delivering Salt, Duty free, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

4. An act to repeal an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to prohibit until the first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the End of six Weeks next after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, any Person or Persons from selling any Bread which shall not have been baked twenty four Hours; and to indemnify Bakers and other Persons who have sold or exposed to Sale any Bread within the Time prohibited by the said Act.

5. An act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an Act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty as relates to the reducing the Duties upon Worts or Wash brewed or made from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or to any Distiller or Distillers, or Maker or Makers of Spirits; for reviving and continuing for the same Period so much of the said Act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the Duties payable on the Importation of Starch; and for continuing for the same Period an Act made in the same Session of Parliament for prohibiting the making of Low Wines or Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal, Flour, or Bran in Scotland; and so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament as relates to allowing the Distillation of Spirits in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar at a lower Rate of Duty.

6. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money for the Service of Great Britain, to be raised by a Lottery; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Commencement of the Drawing of the said Lottery.

7. An act to repeal an Act, made in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to permit, until the frist Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two, the Importation of certain Naval Stores from Hamburgh and other Ports of Germany.

8. An act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

9. An act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the United Kingdom, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

10. An act to revive and continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

11. An act to remove certain Restraints upon the Correspondence by Letter between Persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland and Persons residing in certain Foreign Countries.

12. An act to regulate, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Number of Private Militia Men in the several Counties, Ridings, and Places therein mentioned; and for supplying of Vacancies in the Militia.

13. An act to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act of the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for, prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; and to continue for the same Period, an Act of the last Session of Parliament for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

14. An act to permit, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, the making of Starch from Rice or Potatoes, or any Mixture thereof, and the Importation of any such Starch from Ireland free of Duty.

15. An act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Wheat in Ireland.

16. An act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act, made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the Importation of organzined Thrown Silk, Flax, and Flax Seed, into this Kingdom, in Ships or Vessels belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with his Majesty.

17. An act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

18. An act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

19. An act to amend so much of an Act, made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act made in the twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the first Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook, as relates to the Sale of Eels.

20. An act for making perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to continue several Laws relating to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies until the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twelve; to the regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace; to the allowing the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador until the twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight; and to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of Goods from and to India and China, in Ships not of British built, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the East India Company by an Act of the thirty-third Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

21. An act for raising the Sum of one Million by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

22. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, the Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for continuing and amending the Regulations respecting the same.

23. An act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, to provide Admissions duly stamped; to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and two; to allow, until the twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two, Persons who have omitted to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, to make Payment of the fame; to indemnify such. Persons as have neglected to obtain Certificates of Admission. as Solicitors or Attornies, Notaries or Proctors, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until two Months after the puffing of this Act; to indemnify Perform who have printed or published Pleadings, and other Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, upon which the Name and Place of Abode of the Printer has not been printed; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time, limited for that Purpose, until the first Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two.

24. An act to repeal the Duties on Cinnamon imported by the East India Company, and on Cassia Lignea of all Sorts, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and to repeal the Custom Duties on certain Hides and Skins; and to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Box Wood imported, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

25. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

26. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, until the twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and two.

27. An act to empower his Majesty to cause certain countervailing Duties, granted by an Act of the thirty Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between his Majesty and the United States of America, to cease, or be suspended until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, under certain Circumstances.

28. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amending several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland respectively.

29. An act to authorize the East India Company to make their Settlement at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, a Factory subordinate to the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to transfer the Servants who, on the Reduction of that Establishment, shall be supernumary, to the Presidency of Fort Saint George.

30. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled. An act to stay, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and two, Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth,for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and from taking of Ferms.

31. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting Duties to his Majesty in Ireland.

32. An act to enable his Majesty to grant certain Parcels of Land, situate between Great Prince Rock and the Village of Crab Tree, called Tothil Bay, and Lipson Bay, near to the Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, to certain Persons therein named, for the Purpose of embanking and preferring the same from the Sea.

33. An act for raising the Sum of twenty-five Millions by way of Annuities.

34. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on inhabited Houses; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

35. An act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain.

36. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, several Acts of the last Session of Parliament for reviving, continuing, and amending several Laws for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland.

37. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs; and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon.

38. An act for granting to his Majesty additional Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain; on Malt made in Great Britain; on Hops grown in or imported into Great Britain; and on Spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain; for repealing certain Allowances to Brewers of Beer and Ale; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Revenue of Excise, on Beer, Ale, and Malt.

39. An act for extending the Time for the Payment of certain Sums of Money, advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

40. An act to continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payment in Cash by the Bank.

41. An act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

42. An act for repealing the Duties on Income; for the effectual Collection of Arrears of the said Duties, and accounting for the same; and for charging the Annuities specifically charged thereon, upon the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

43. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels entering outwards or Inwards in any Port of Great Britain to or from Foreign Parts.

44. An act for permitting French Wines to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

45. An act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment shall cease, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

46. An act to require Overseers and Guardians of the Poor, to keep a Register of the several Children who shall be bound or assigned by them as Apprentices; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the binding of Apprentices by Houses of Industry, or Establishments for the Poor, which have been authorized so to do by subsequent Acts.

47. An act to continue, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported.

48. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Sussex, and a like Annuity of twelve thousand Pounds on his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

49. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia in England, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and two.

50. An act for continuing an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

51. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and two, an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

52. An act for further continuing, until the first Day of February One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled. An act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same.

53. An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland according to Law.

54. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

55. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia, during Peace.

56. An act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines, and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

57. An act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans to the like Purpose, as relates to the Commissioners for carrying the same into Execution.

58. An act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities on Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

59. An act for allowing, until the twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, additional Bounties on refined Sugar exported, and discontinuing the Duty thereon granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

60. An act to continue, until the thirtieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported from Ireland; and for allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for granting an additional Drawback on the Exportation of refined Sugar.

61. An act for the further Encouragement of Irish Mariners, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

62. An act for extending the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for directing the Appointment of Commissioners to administer certain Oaths and Declarations, required by Law to be taken and made by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, to all Oaths now required by Law to be taken by Voters at Elections for Members to serve in Parliament.

63. An act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Packets, Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers by the Post, free from the Duty of Portage, by the Members of the two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain publick Officers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes, Proceedings, and Newspapers when sent by any other Persons.

64. An act to revive, and further continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of Militia, disembodied under an Act of the same session of Parliament.

65. An act for making Allowances, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during Peace.

66. An act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services.

67. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the twenty-third Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, and for the more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of Turnips, Potatoes, Cabbages, Parsnips, Pease, and Carrots, to certain other Field Crops, and to Orchards; and for amending the said Act.

68. An act to enable his Majesty to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland.

69. An act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

70. An act for directing certain publick Accounts to be laid annually before Parliament, and for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in Use.

71. An act to amend and render more effectual two Acts passed in twenty-sixth and thirty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Reduction of the National Debt.

72. An act for repealing an Act, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for raising a Body of Miners in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the Defence of the Kingdom during the present War; and for the more effectually raising and regulating a Body of Miners for the Defence of Great Britain.

73. An act for the Preservation of the Health and Morals of Apprentices and others, employed in cotton and other Mills, and Cotton and other Faftories.

74. An act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House.

75. An act to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

76. An act for repealing two Acts, made in the thirty-second and thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and for increasing the Salaries of the Justices at the Thames Police Office, until the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

77. An act to permit British-built Ships to carry on the Fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without Licence from the East India Company, or the South Sea Company.

78. An act to authorize the licensing an additional Number of Hackney Coaches.

79. An act to revive, and continue until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, and to amend several Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh, thirty-fifth, and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries; and to continue, until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of an Act of the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.

80. An act for repealing several Acts, made in the thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing of Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof, to continue until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

81. An act for amending so much of an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying any Letter or Packet sent by the Post; and for the better Protection of such Letters and Packets; and for more effectually preventing such Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post.

82. An act to alter, amend, and render more effectual an Act, made in the twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in Great Britain.

83. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for regulating the Import, Export, and Sale of Coffee, and securing the Duties payable thereon; and also for securing the Duties payable on Licences to Persons in Ireland, not being Maltsters or Makers of Malt, selling Malt by Commission or otherwise.

84. An act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in, and for expediting the Proceedings relating thereto.

85. An act for the trying and punishing in Great Britain Persons holding publick Employments, for Offences committed abroad; and for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James, made for the Ease of Justices and others in pleading in Suits brought against them, to all Persons, either in or out of this Kingdom, authorized to commit to safe Custody.

86. An act to continue, until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for staying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to stay Proceedings in Action, under an Act of the thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure.

87. An act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Ireland for the Time being, to sell, lease, convey, or dispose of the Parliament House in the City of Dublin, and all the Premises and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

88. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

89. An act for vesting certain Lands ana Hereditaments in Trustees, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

90. An act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia.

91. An act to raise and establish a Militia Force in Scotland.

92. An act for repealing several Acts for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or reliant therein, in certain Cases; and for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof.

93. An act for exempting from the Auction Duty Estates and Effects bought in for the Owner, and Goods imported in any British Ship from any British Colony in America, or from any Part of the United States; for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Wine, Home-made Spirits, Starch, Auctioneers, Rum shipped as Stores, and on Goods or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise; for granting a further Allowance of Salt in the curing and preserving of Pilchards and Scads; and for allowing certain Draining Tiles to be made free of Duty.

94. An act for repealing certain Duties on Paper, Pasteboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, and Glazed Paper, imported into or made in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

95. An act for repealing the Duties, granted by an Act made in this Session of Parliament, on Spermaceti Oil, Blubber, Train Oil, Fish Oil, or Oil of Seals, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the Duties, granted by the said Act, on Linen Yarn made of Flax, and on Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported by the East India Company, and exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for exempting Stone, the Produce of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from Duty; and for permitting Merchandize, the Produce of any of the Colonies ceded to the French and Batavian Republicks, to be imported for three Years from the passing of this Act, upon Payment of certain Duties.

96. An act to authorize the Commissioners of Excise to order the Restoration of Exciseable Goods seized or detained by Officers of Excise.

97. An act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Great Britain, and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to order the Use of the Hydrometers now employed in the Management of the Revenues, to be discontinued; and other Instruments to be used instead thereof.

98. An act to continue, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, two Acts, made in the thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for the further Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man; and for improving the Revenue thereof.

99. An act for allowing the stamping certain Deeds until the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and two; for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Duties on Legacies and Shares of Personal Estates; for exempting certain Legacies from the Payment of Duty; for reducing the Allowances on present Payment of Stamp Duties; and for reducing certain Stamp Duties on Policies for Sea Insurances.

100. An act for enlarging the Time for which Horses may be let to Hire without being subject to any annual Duty; for explaining and amending several Acts relating to the Duties on Horses, Servants, and Carriages; and for authorizing the Allowance in the Accounts of the Receivers General of the several Sums advanced by them, in pursuance of the Acts for raising a Provisional Force of Cavalry, and not reimbursed to them by Assessment.

101. An act for repealing the Rates and Duties of Postage upon Letters to and from France and the Batavian Republic from and to London, and for granting other Rates and Duties in lieu thereof; and for exempting from the Duty of Tonnage the Ships and Vessels to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters from France to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

102. An act for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Road Harbour in the Island of Tortola, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and from thence until six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

103. An act to repeal the additional Duty of six Pounds per Centum on the Duties payable on the Importation into Ireland of certain Goods imported by Retailers or Consumers; and for repealing and reducing certain Duties on Policies of Insurance and Sea Insurances in Ireland.

104. An act to require Persons licensed to keep Lottery Offices in Ireland, to divide into Shares a certain Number of whole Lottery Tickets; and for empowering the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to remit to the Exchequer of Ireland a certain Sum of Money out of the Contributions for Lotteries.

105. An act for providing a proper Salary for the Office of the Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of Ireland.

106. An act for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

107. An act more effectually to prevent the dealing of Deer.

108. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

109. An act for authorizing and rendering valid the Discharge of certain Militia Men in Ireland; and for giving Indemnity to the several Counties and Places in Ireland, which may incur any Expence in consequence of the Discharge of certain Militia Men.

110. An act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

111. An act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

112. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain.

113. An act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Lord Hutchinson Baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty in the County of Tipperary, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Baron Hutchinson shall descend, in consideration of his eminent Services.

114. An act for extending the Provisions of two Acts of the thirty-fifth and thirty-eighth Years of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to the Encouragement of Persons coming to Milford Haven for the Purpose of carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery.

115. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

116. An act for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act, and for making further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.

117. An act for granting to his Majesty, certain additional Duties on Goods imported into and exported from Ireland.

118. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied.

119. An act to suppress certain Games and Lotteries not authorized by Law.

120. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

