Acts passed in 1803, 43 George 3 c.1 - c.162.
From Raithby, Statutes of the United Kingdom, volume 1, 1804.
---

1. An act for further suspending, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Operation of two Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

2. An act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein.

3. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

4. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

5. An act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, or the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

6. An act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three.

7. An act to amend an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills that shall be issued in future.

8. An act for reviving and continuing for five Years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them.

9. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Coporals, and Drummers.

10. An act to amend so much of an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, as relates to the Exemption of licenced Teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia.

11. An act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth Day of January One, thousand eight hundred and four.

12. An act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; to the Relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta.

13. An act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

14. An act for continuing, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the passing thereof, until the said first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

15. An act to facilitate, and render more easy the Transportation of Offenders.

16. An act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the Business of Prize Agency; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better, conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future.

17. An act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof.

18. An act to amend and continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

19. An act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight Days.

20. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

21. An act for granting to his Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

22. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons selling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail, in Ireland.

23. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland.

24. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to his Majesty in Ireland.

25. An act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any Place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of his Majesty's Revenues in Ireland from giving their Votes at such Elections.

26. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity on his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to continue until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty, as directs the annual Payment of thirteen thousand rounds out of the Revenues of the Dutchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

27. An act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

28. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets lent by the Post within Ireland.

29. An act to revive and continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to continue several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty with America, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish, in Bulk, or in Barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America, to the twenty-fourth: Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of infection thereby, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

30. An act to entitle Roman Catholicks taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to relive, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, to the Benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for relieving his Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

31. An act for establishing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases.

32. An act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

33. An act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

34. An act to continue, until the eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue, until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for staying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to stay Proceedings in Actions under the Act of the thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and ether Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure.

35. An act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

36. An act for raising the Sum of four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

37. An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of his eminent Services which he has performed on various Occasions.

38. An act to provide, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

39. An act for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between his Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having Claims to Compensation out of such Money.

40. An act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

41. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

42. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

43. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein.

44. An act to amend and continue (until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease), an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

45. An act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the Freedom of Election in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town.

46. An act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits; and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases.

47. An act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service.

48. An act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company.

49. An act to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the sixth and seventh Year, and in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to the Exportation of Silver Bullion.

50. An act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts.

51. An act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

52. An act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council for the Prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the Permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway.

53. An act to render the Process of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin; and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual, as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions.

54. An act for making better Provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better Government of the Parish Schools in Scotland. 744.

55. An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose.

56. An act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to his Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers.

57. An act for the better protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France.

58. An act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, Cutting, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act made in England in the twenty-third Year of the late King James the First, intituled, An act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, An act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

59. An act for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England.

60. An act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills.

61. An act for the Relief of Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the Cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England.

62. An act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain.

63. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

64. An act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

65. An act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments, at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

66. An act for vesting in Trustees, certain Lands and Hereditaments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

67. An act for raising the Sum of twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

68. An act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

69. An act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

70. An act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

71. An act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia within Great Britain.

72. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

73. An act to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicine: and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

74. An act for further regulating the Administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act, passed in the second Year of King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

75. An act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatick by Inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the same.

76. An act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland.

77. An act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify thomselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

78. An act for continuing, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

79. An act for making more effectual Provision within Ireland for the Punishment of Offences, in wilfully cading away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies.

80. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland, to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

81. An act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

82. An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

83. An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

84. An act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England.

85. An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

86. An act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

87. An act to continue, during the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act.

88. An act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, the Chaige of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia dull not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

89. An act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service.

90. An act for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

91. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

92. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into, and on Goods, Wines, and Merchandize exported from Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland.

93. An act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

94. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

95. An act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

96. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

97. An act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

98. An act to amend the Acts, now in Force, for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland.

99. An act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same.

100. An act to render more effectual two Acts, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for raising an additional Military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom.

101. An act for raising in the City of London, a certain Number of Men as an Addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

102. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the same.

103. An act to permit Portaged Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

104. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

105. An act to permit the Exportation, for two Years, of a certain Quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions.

106. An act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest free), to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices; and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners.

107. An act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, so for as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors.

108. An act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes.

109. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons bolding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England; and to remove a Doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the twenty-first Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned.

110. An act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to amend an Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House.

111. An act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules.

112. An act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

113. An act for the more effectually providing for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully casting away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters.

114. An act for raising the Sum of one Million Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

115. An act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the second, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his prefect Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities.

116. An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

117. An act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in Force until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

118. An act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

119. An act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital; and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds.

120. An act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

121. An act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly Rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

122. An act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

123. An act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of England.

124. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for raising an additional Military Force in Scotland; and for exempting Persons serving therein, either personally or by Substitute, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland.

125. An act to empower his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into Execution, within the said City, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

126. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Receipts.

127. An act for consolidating the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain.

128. An act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in certain Cases.

129. An act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee.

130. An act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers.

131. An act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quaffia imported into Great Britain.

132. An act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty.

133. An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola; and to continue, until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain.

134. An act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities.

135. An act for the removing of Doubts respecting the Validity of Assignments made or to be made pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of America; and for the better Enabling of his Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned.

136. An act to suspend, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

137. An act to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships, in the Service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the Outfit of the said Ships, between certain Periods.

138. An act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, to the Trial and Punishment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within certain Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces.

139. An act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of foreign Bills of Exchange, and of foreign Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money; and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign Copper Money.

140. An act to enable the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned.

141. An act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Duty.

142. An act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, Serving in the Militia of Ireland.

143. An act for the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to the Warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors respectively.

144. An act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England.

145. An act for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg in Scotland.

146. An act Tor enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

147. An act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

148. An act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

149. An act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of sixteen thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

150. An act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

151. An act for preventing and settling Disputes which may arise between Masters and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle.

152. An act to amend so much of an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, as relates to the said Pilots.

153. An act to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower his Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

154. An act for granting to his Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland; and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, during the Continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into Great Britain and Ireland.

155. An act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing until three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases.

156. An act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines.

157. An act to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

158. An act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe Houses in Ireland.

159. An act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amherst, and the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amherst, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him during his Command in America.

160. An act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands.

161. An act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission.

162. An act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

