Acts passed in 1804, 44 George 3 c.1 - c.110.
From Raithby, Statutes of the United Kingdom, volume 2, 1807.
---

1. An Act to continue, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England.

3. An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon.

4. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

5. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

6. An Act for suspending, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, the Operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within Ireland.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and four.

8. An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

9.An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

10. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the forty-first, forty-second, and forty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

11. An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland for prohibiting such Distillation.

12. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

13. An Act to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from his Majesty's Service, by Means or under Colour of any Civil or Criminal Process.

14. An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the forty-first and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom; and to allow Spanish Wine to be so landed and warehoused.

15. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

16. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

17. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Perional Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

18. An Act to explain and amend two Acts passed in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain.

19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

20. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

21. An Act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and also an Act made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for amending the said Act.

22. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commimoners of his Majesty's Treasury for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain.

23. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

24. An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

25. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surry, to his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Consideration.

26. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks.

27. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufadureof Ireland.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

29. An Act for permitting, until the fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool, (except Cotton Wool,) in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships.

30. An Act to revive and continue, until eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

31. An Act for raising the further Sum of two Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

32. An Act for empowering his Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

33. An Act for empowering his Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited.

34. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland.

35. An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five.

36. An Act to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

37. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon publick Annuities; and to extend the Times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges made in pursuance of the said Act.

38. An Act For increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

39. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

40. An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

41. An Act. for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

42. An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

43. An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest.

44. An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom.

45. An Act for raising the Sum of eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

46. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

47. An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

48. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain.

50. An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

51. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

52. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty.

53. An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, within Great Britain.

54. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

55. An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed; and for altering the Times of granting Licences to sell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail.

56. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England. I

57. An Act to exempt from Duties on Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

58. An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament.

59. An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the Time limited by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates.

60. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

61. An Act to amend two Acts, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Publick.

62. An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland.

63. An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, together with another Sum therein mentioned, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the Operation of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

65. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts, the one passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

66. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland.

67. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency.

68. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

69. An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

70. An Act to enable his Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machine necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of the King of Denmark.

71. An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens.

72. An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool.

73. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

74. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces.

75. An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service, and for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised his Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid.

76. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden.

77. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

78. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Weedon Beck in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

79. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees for better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the Use of his Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich.

80. An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues.

81. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Use and Purposes therein mentioned. J

82. An Act to obviate certain Inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General's Office in the Court of Chancery, in the Execution of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

83. An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

84. An Act to permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Master General, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Master General, and the Barrack Master General, to authorize Persons in their Offices to send Letters free from the said Duty.

85. An Act for further continuing, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

86. An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing several Laws relating to the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

87. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England.

88. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty.

89. An Act for confirming the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

90. An Act to continue, until seven Years after the passing thereof and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

91. An Act to permit the Issue and Negociation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited Sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland; and to restrain the Issue and Negociation of certain other Notes.

92. An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another.

93. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

94. An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers,

95. An Act to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, to enable his Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service.

96. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England; so far as the same relates to the City of London.

97. An Act for raising the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

98. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof.

99. An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years of his present Majesty.

100. An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London; and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks.

101. An Act for permitting, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.

102. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testficandum, in certain Cases.

103. An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

104. An Act to permit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused.

105. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Secnrity of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein. 224.

106. An Act for appointing, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have heen lately received in the several publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money in Ireland.

107. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

108. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

109. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

110. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

