Acts passed in 1806, 46 George 3 c.1 - c.158.
From Raithby, Statutes of the United Kingdom, volume 2, 1807.
---

1. An act to empower the Auditor of the Exchequer to constitute a Trustee for the Execution of the said Office in the Case therein mentioned.

2. An act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

3. An act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

4. An act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Lady Viscountess Nelson, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the late Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

5. An act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir Richard Strachan Baronet, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

6. An act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

7. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and six.

8. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An act for allowing, until the Signature of Preliminary Articles of Peace, Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

10. An act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

11. An act for allowing the Exportation of Corn and other Articles for the Use of His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons.

12. An act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and for granting a Duty upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six; and for granting certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

13. An act for settling and securing certain Annuities on Cuthbert Lord Collingwood, and the several other Persons therein described, in Consideration of the signal and important Service performed by the said Cuthbert Lord Collingwood to His Majesty and the Publick.

14. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

15. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

16. An act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty, and the United States of America.

17. An act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Exportation to the United Kingdom, of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

18. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

19. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

20. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

21. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

22. An act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant-Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

23. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to indemnify those who have advised His Majesty to land such Soldiers in this Kingdom.

24. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

25. An act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

26. An act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

27. An act for continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, so much of an Act made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of His late Majesty, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties Excise.

28. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

29. An act for reviving and continuing several Laws of Customs relating to the establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision, without Payment of Duty, Until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for continuing several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the granting a Bounty upon the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and for continuing an Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and for reviving and continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the Importation into Great Britain of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for reviving and continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Flaxen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-seven; and for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the free Importation into Great Britain of Cochineal and Indigo, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

30. An act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

31. An act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering His Majesty to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as might voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

32. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Ireland to issue Treasury Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for making forth Duplicates of Treasury Bills lost or destroyed.

33. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by way of Annuities.

34. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

35. An act to revive and amend so much of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, as provides for the exempting from the said Duties, Bank Notes and Bank Post Bills issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

36. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament as charges a Duty of Three Shillings upon certain Tenements or Dwelling Houses in Ireland.

37. An act to declare the Law with respect to Witnesses refusing to answer.

38. An act for repealing the several Duties of Customs upon Tea imported into Great Britain, and granting a Duty in lieu thereof; and for granting to His Majesty Additional Duties of Excise on Tea.

39. An act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Additional Duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff.

40. An act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Vice Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

41. An act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

42. An act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from, or brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain.

43. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on Appraisements and on Licences to Appraisers in Great Britain.

44. An act for carrying to the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, the Duties on Wine granted by Two Acts of the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty.

45. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Treasurer of the Ordnance.

46. An act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

47. An act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities or Debentures for the Service of Ireland.

48. An act for continuing an Act made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment, of the Army and their Quarters, within the United Kingdom, and the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man.

49. An act for encreasing the Salaries of the Judge of the Court of Admiralty in Scotland, and of the Judges of the Commissary Court in Edinburgh.

50. An act for extending the Annuity granted to Earl of St. Vincent, to the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount St. Vincent is limited.

51. An act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty-third and Forty fourth Years respectively of His present Majesty's Reign, for the raising and establishing an Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm.

52. An act to prevent the Importation of Slaves, by any of His Majesty's Subjects, into amy Islands, Colonies, Plantations or Territories belonging to any Foreign Sovereign, State, or Power; and also to render more effectual a certain Order, made by His Majesty in Council on the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, for prohibiting the Importation of Slaves (except in certain Cases), into any of the Settlements, Islands, Colonies, or Plantations on the Continent of America, or in the West Indies, which have been surrendered to His Majesty's Arms during the present War; and to prevent the fitting out of Foreign Slave Ships from British Ports.

53. An act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing, or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms, into and out of His Majesty's West India Islands, and the Colonies, Settlements, and Territories, which have been conquered by His Majesty's Arms.

54. An act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed in distant Parts upon the Sea.

55. An act to provide for the Payment, at the Bank of Ireland, of the Interest on certain Debentures now payable at the Exchequer of Ireland; and also for altering the Days of Payment of the Interest or Dividends on certain Annuities in Ireland.

56. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for continuing and amending several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

57. An act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster.

58. An act for establishing certain Regulations in the Collection and Management of His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise, and Taxes in Ireland.

59. An act to regulate the Packing of Butter in Ireland for Sale or Exportation.

60. An act for amending an Act passed in Ireland, in the Twenty-ninth Year of King George the Second, intituled, An act for amending and making more effectual, the several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the better Regulation and Management of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the Maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom, so far only as relates to the said charitable Bequest.

61. An act to authorize certain Publick Officers to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post, free from the Duty of Postage.

62. An act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and six, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Iron, Sugar, and Tea into and from Ireland.

63. An act to repeal several Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty-fourth Years of His present Majesty, for raising and establishing an Additional Force in Ireland for the Defence of the Realm.

64. An act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Ireland, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

65. An act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the Rates and Duties on Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing certain Parts of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property Professions Trades and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties.

66. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

67. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Spirits made in Ireland.

68. An act to continue until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities and Abuses which might have taken Place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin.

69. An act for making better Provision for Soldiers.

70. An act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale and Cyder, by Retail, in Inland.

71. An act to amend several Acts for the Encouragement of finding and working Mines and Minerals within Ireland.

72. An act for enabling His Majesty to permit the importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into, and from, the Port of Road Harbour, in the Island of Tortola.

73. An act for granting Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Gibraltar and the Island of Malta.

74. An act for permitting Prussian Yarn to be imported in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British Ships.

75. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Excise in England.

76. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Stamp Duties in England.

77. An act for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

78. An act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on the Amount of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes therein mentioned.

79. An act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, in pursuance of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty.

80. An act to provide for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the Publick Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein.

81. An act for better encouraging the Manufacture of Thread Lace in Great Britain.

82. An act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, in the Port of London; and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed.

83. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England.

84. An act to grant certain Allowances out of the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Persons in respect of the Number of their Children.

85. An act for reviving and continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service.

86. An act for enabling His Majesty to grant the Castle of Norwich, with the Common Gaol, Castle Hill, and certain Land adjacent thereto, in the County of Norfolk, and for vesting the same in His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, for the Use thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

87. An act more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland; and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon.

88. An act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, and the Warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

89. An act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament.

90. An act to enable His Majesty annually to train and exercise a Proportion of His Subjects in England, under certain Regulations, and more effectually to provide for the Defence of the Realm.

91. An act for the Return of correct Lists of Persons liable to serve in the Militia, under an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty; and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia in England for Two Years.

92. An act to amend Three Acts, made in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-first, and Forty second Years of His present Majesty, relating to the Conveyance of Letters and Packets by the Post.

93. An act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six.

94. An act to enable the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage in Ireland.

95. An act for the more effectually regulating and providing, for the Relief of the Poor, and the Management of Infirmaries and Hospitals in Ireland.

96. An act to amend the Laws respecting the accounting for Money presented in Ireland for the making, repairing, widening, or fencing of Publick Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges, Pipes, or Gullets.

97. An act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain, between Great Britain and Ireland.

98. An act for making additional and further Provisions for the effectual Performance of Quarantine in Great Britain.

99. An act for allowing a Bounty on the Exportation of Oil of Vitriol made in Great Britain.

100. An act to empower the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, to make certain Allowances to old, infirm, or wounded or disabled Officers in the Royal Navy, and to provide a Fund for the Payment of such Allowances, and for the Increase of Pensions to disabled Seamen and Marines.

101. An act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Greenwich, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said Chest.

102. An act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Stills used for distilling or rectifying Low Wines or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland; on Worts or Wash made for extracting Spirits; and on Spirits made for Consumption in Scotland; and for granting and securing other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duties on Foreign Spirits and on Malt.

103. An act for allowing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Importation of certain Fish from Newfoundland, and the Coast of Labrador, and for granting a Bounty thereon.

104. An act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

105. An act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Works at Dover.

106. An act to provide for the better Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

107. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for appointing Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fve; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and six, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

108. An act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

109. An act for reducing the Bounty payable on the Exportation of refined Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing the like Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar Candy, as is payable on refined Sugar.

110. An act for granting, during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

111. An act for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships, into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

112. An act to amend the Laws of Excise, so far as relates to Prosecutions for Penalties, to the counterfeiting the Stamps on the Wrappers of Paper, and to the punishing Persons guilty of Perjury.

113. An act to permit, for and during the Continuance of the present War, French Wines to be imported from Ireland into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, under certain Restrictions.

114. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

115. An act to permit Raisins, Currants, and Figs to be exported from Great Britain, Duty free.

116. An act to allow certain Articles to be exported from Gibraltar and Malta, direct to His Majesty's Colonies in North America, in Return for British American Fish.

117. An act to permit until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Importation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, or of Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free.

118. An act to extend the Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses in the Port of London, and for authorising the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase Somers and Lyons Quays in the said Port.

119. An act to prohibit for Two Years after the Conclusion of the present Session of Parliament, any Ships to clear out from any Port of Great Britain, for the Coast of Africa, for the Purpose of taking on board Negroes, unless such Ships shall have been previously employed in the African Trade, or contracted for, for that Purpose.

120. An act to continue several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seven: and several Acts for granting Duties upon Malt and Spirits made and distilled in Ireland, and for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seven; and to amend several of the said Acts.

121. An act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the First Year of King James the Second, as prohibits the Importation of Gunpowder, Arms, and Utensils of War, from Ireland.

122. An act to revive and amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, for enabling the Lord Lieutenant to appoint Commissioners for enquiring into the several Funds and Revenues granted for the Purposes of Education, and into the State and Conditions of all Schools in Ireland.

123. An act to amend several Acts for the Sale of His Majesty's Quit Rents, Crown, and other Rents, and of certain Lands forfeited and undisposed of in Ireland.

124. An act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland, under certain Restrictions.

125. An act for regulating the Rank of Officers in Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

126. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

127. An act to amend and extend the Benefits of an Act made in the Thirty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, to enable Petty Officers, Seamen, and Marines, serving in His Majesty's Navy, to allot Part of their Wages or Pay for the Maintenance of their Wives and Families.

128. An act for making Provision for such Matters in Ordinary of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be desirous of resigning their Offices with the Approbation of the said Court; and for augmenting the Income of the Matters in Ordinary of the said Court.

129. An act to provide additional Salaries to the present Clerks in the Office of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to provide additional Clerks for the said Office, with Salaries; and to make other Payments in respect of the said Office.

130. An act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Chatham, and for the Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich, in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty.

131. An act for exonerating the Estates of Percival Lewis Esquire, and Marianne Lewis Spinster, in the Parish of Putney in the County of Surrey, from the Claims of His Majesty against the Estate of Edward Lewis Esquire, deceased.

132. An act for erecting a Light House on the Bell or Cape Rock, on the Eastern Coast of Scotland, and for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, towards that Purpose.

133. An act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the several Acts patted for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and charitable Institutions from the Land Tax.

134. An act to provide for the Security and Expedition of the Conveyance of Letters by the Post in Ireland.

135. An act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

136. An act to alter and amend Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty, for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, and regulating the Conduct of the Drivers and Guards thereof.

137. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Articles to be warehoused in Great Britain, to other Articles not therein mentioned, and to alter the Condition of the Bond directed to be given by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, by the Matters and Owners of Vessels and Boats licensed by the Lords of the Admiralty.

138. An act to repeal Part of the Excise Countervailing Duty on Irish Hops imported; for granting an Excise Countervailing Duty on the Importation of Irish Window Glass; and to exempt Tiles made for the Purpose of draining Lands from the Duties of Excise.

139. An act for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven.

140. An act to amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Militia of England and Scotland respectively as to the Pay of the Officers and Men of the said Militia.

141. An act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Publick Accounts of this Kingdom.

142. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Surveyor General of Woods and Forests.

143. An act for enquiring into the State of Windsor Forest in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same.

144. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England, so far as the same relates to the City of London.

145. An act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on certain Branches of the Royal Family.

146. An act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Earl Nelson and the Heirs Male of his Body, and such other Persons to whom the Title of Earl Nelson may descend; and for granting a Sum of Money to purchase an Estate to accompany the said Title; and also, for granting a Sum of Money for the Use of the Sisters of the late Vice-Admiral Viscount Nelson; in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said late Viscount Nelson to His Majesty and the Publick.

147. An act to enable His Majesty to continue a certain Annuity to George now Lord Rodney, Grandson of George Brydges Lord Rodney, in Consideration of the eminent Services rendered to His Majesty and the Publick by the said George Brydges Lord Rodney.

148. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

149. An act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

150. An act for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

151. An act to enable His Majesty to grant new Leases on former Rents for the Benefit of Charitable Institutions, or Augmentation of Ecclesiastical Corporations.

152. An act to stay, until Forty Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, or Informations under an Act made in the Second Year of King James the First, intituled, An act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather, so far as relates to the buying of Oak Bark and rough Hides and Calves Skins in the Hair.

153. An act for the Preservation of the Publick Harbours of the United Kingdom.

154. An act for taking down the present Building in which the Treasury Chambers and Offices of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were situated, and erecting new Buildings in lieu thereof.

155. An act for applying certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards making Canals, Harbours, and other Publick Works there.

156. An act for appropriating certain Balances arising from the Forfeited Estates in Scotland to the Use of the British Fisheries, and the erecting a Lunatick Asylum at Edinburgh, and the Payment of the Officers of the late Board of annexed Estates in Scotland.

157. An act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

158. An act for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to give further Time For the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Installments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houstoun and Company, to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowell, and Robert Houstoun Rae, Esquires, in Scotland.

