Acts passed in 1807, 47 George 3 stat. 2 c.1 - c.78.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1807.
---

1. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.

2. An act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, Three Acts passed in the Thirty-seventh, Forty fifth, and Forty-sixth Years of His- Majesty's Reign, for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America; and for empowering His Majesty to suspend, before the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Provisions of the said Acts, for such Period as His Majesty may deem expedient.

3. An act to indemnify Persons who have advised or acted under an Order of Council for making Regulations with respect to the Navigation and Commerce between His Majesty's Subjects and the Subjects of the United States of America.

4. An act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Major General Sir John Stuart, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of the eminent Services which he has rendered to His Majesty and the Publick.

5. An act for empowering the Commissioners of Kilmainham Hospital to make Rules and Regulations for the Payment of Pensions to Soldiers on the Establishment of that Hospital.

6. An act for raising the Sum of Three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

7. An act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

8. An act concerning Common Recoveries suffered in Copy-hold or Customary Courts by Attorney.

9. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

10. An act for encouraging the Export of Salted Beef and Pork from Ireland.

11. An act to provide for the Recovery of Penalties under certain Acts, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for securing the Rates and Duties in Ireland in respect of Dwelling Houses, Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Dogs, and Carriages; and on Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities; and on Paper and Paper Hangings; and to alter the Condition of certain Bonds to be given by Brewers in Ireland.

12. An act to make further Regulations with respect to Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in Ireland.

13. An act to suppress Insurrections, and prevent the Disturbance of the Public Peace in Ireland.

14. An act to repeal certain Duties of Excise, and also certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to grant certain new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

15. An act to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Gold and Silver Plate, wrought or manufactured in Ireland.

16. An act to grant to His Majesty, until the 5th Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eight, certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into and from Ireland.

17. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

18. An act to provide for the Decrease and Suspension, in certain Cases, of Part of the Countervailing Duties on British Refined Sugar imported into Ireland.

19. An act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to amend Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, to regulate the Trade of Rectifying Spirits.

20. An act to enable His Majesty to appoint the Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being in Ireland, One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer in England, without Salary.

21. An act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, passed in Ireland in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty, respecting certain Annuities.

22. An act to continue, until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act, passed in Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland.

23. An act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds for building Glebe Houses in Ireland.

24. An act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and also of the Real and Personal Property of Her Majesty, and of the Queen Consort for the Time being.

25. An act for the more convenient Payment of Half Pay and Pensions, and other Allowances to Officers and Widows of Officers, and to Persons upon the Compassionate List.

26. An act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

27. An act to authorize his Majesty to permit the Importation of Naval Stores from any Place in Ships belonging to States at Amity with His Majesty, and navigated in any Manner whatever.

28. An act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

29. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

30. An act to amend several Laws of Excise in Great Britain relating to the Duties on Salt, Sope, Paper, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts, Spirits, and Glass and for restoring Seizures in certain Cases.

31. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

32. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

33. An act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the Conduct of the Public Business in the military Departments therein mentioned.

34. An act to make the Port of Amsterdam, in the Island of Curacoa, a free Port.

35. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and eight.

36. An act to enable the Trustees of the British Museum to exchange, sell, or dispose of such Parts of the Collections, and under such Restrictions as are therein specified.

37. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Forty-sixth year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt.

38. An act for permitting, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation of certain enumerated Articles into the British Colonies on the Continent of North America, from the United States of America, and the Exportation of other enumerated Articles from the same Colonies, to the said States.

39. An act for more effectually charging Publick Accountants with Interest upon Balances; and for other Purposes relating to the passing of Publick Accounts.

40. An act to alter the Practice of Courts of Equity, in Suits in which Members of Parliament are Defendants.

41. An act to enable the East India Company to raise Money upon Bond instead of increasing their Capital Stock.

42. An act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and ten, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act of the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies.

43. An act to revive and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

44. An act for transferring to His Majesty, certain Possessions and Rights vested in the Sierra Leone Company, and for shortening the Duration of the said Company, and for preventing any dealing or trafficking in the buying or selling of Slaves within the Colony of Sierra Leone.

45. An act to enable His Majesty to grant to Her Majesty the Queen a capital Messuage, called Frogmore, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Parishes of New Windsor and Old Windsor, in the County of Berks, and a Piece of Land in Wrothsbury, in the County of Bucks, for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, if Her Majesty and the Princesses, Her Five younger Daughters, or any of them, shall so long live, for and in lieu of Her Majesty's present Terms and Interest therein; and also to make Exchanges.

46. An act to repeal certain Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for inquiring into the State of Windsor Forest, in the County of Berks, and for ascertaining the Boundaries of the said Forest, and of the Lands of the Crown within the same; and to amend the said Act.

47. An act to grant certain Duties on Callicoes, Muslins, Cotton Yarn, and Cotton Twist, of the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other, according to the Regulations contained in the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

48. An act to continue until the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

49. An act for allowing a Drawback on certain Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

50. An act to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland.

51. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

52. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as relates to the Payment of Duty on Coffee and Cocoa Nuts when exported from the Warehouse in which the same shall have been secured.

53. An act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to open and return Letters directed to Hamburgh or other Places Abroad, and which have been or shall have been returned or not sent.

54. An act to prevent improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

55. An act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland, voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

56. An act for increasing the Militia of Ireland, under certain Limitations and Restrictions.

57. An act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

58. An act for encouraging the Exportation of Salt from Ireland.

59. An act to amend an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Receiver General of the Post Office in England.

60. An act to give further Time for purchasing the Legal Quays and Warehouses, in the Port of London.

61. An act to repeal certain Duties on Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandize exported from Great Britain to Ireland.

62. An act to suspend, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported fron either Country to the other respectively.

63. An act for repealing the Duties and Drawback payable on Silks and for granting other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof.

64. An act to allow the Bounty now payable on British Callicoes and Cottons exported to Gibraltar to be paid on the same Article when exported to Malta.

65. An act to exempt Sales of West India Produce, by the West India Dock Company, for Payment of Duties and Charges, from the Auction Duty.

66. An act to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling.

67. An act to permit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Swedish Herrings into Great Britain.

68. An act for the better Government of the Settlements of Fort Saint George and Bombay; for the Regulation of Publick Banks; and for amending so much of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Periods at which the Civil Servants of the East India Company may be employed in their Service Abroad.

69. An act for discharging from the Claims of the Crown certain Real and Personal Estates belonging to General De Lancey, late Barrack Master General, and vested in Trustees for Sale.

70. An act for maintaining and preserving a Military Canal and Road, made from Shorncliff in the County of Kent, to Cliff End in the County of Sussex, and for regulating the taking of Rates and Tolls thereon.

71. An act for the speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and increasing the same, under certain Limitations and Restrictions.

72. An act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven.

73. An act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of Great Britain.

74. An act for more effectually securing the Payment of the Debts of Traders.

75. An act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.

76. An act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

77. An act for confirming Articles of Agreement for an Exchange of Lands between His Majesty and David Jebb Esquire, in the Parish of Egham in the County of Surrey.

78. An act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances, situate in William Street, in the City of Dublin, now or lately inhabited by the Right Honourable Lord Powerscourt, in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for applying the Purchase Money in Manner therein mentioned.

