Acts passed in 1808, 48 George 3 c.1 - c.152.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1808.
---

1. An act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

2. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Pensions; and for re-granting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

3. An act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

4. An act to authorize the advancing, for the publick Service, upon certain Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes; and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt.

5. An act for repealing an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies.

6. An act to continue, until the End of this Session of Parliament, several Acts for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America.

7. An act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

8. An act to amend an Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

9. An act for abolishing the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Customs in the Port of London.

10. An act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Licences granted for distilling Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, and for better preventing private Distillation.

11. An act for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguese ships.

12. An act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty Seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounties on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported.

13. An act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Lake, and the two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Lake shall descend, in consideration of the eminent Services of the late General Viscount Lake.

14. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

15. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

16. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended.

17. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for warehousing in Ireland Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations.

18. An act for amending and further continuing an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace.

19. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Malls, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free.

20. An act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries; to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying ou the Fishery from and residing in the said Island; and to the allowing the Importation of Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador.

21. An act to empower the Commissioners appointed for distributing the Money paid by the United States of America, to withdraw the same from the Bank, and invest it in Exchequer Bills.

22. An act for making perpetual several Laws relating to permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West Indies; the Importation of Salt from Europe into Quebec in America; and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets.

23. An act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the more effectually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking on the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven. 34.

24. An act for further continuing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain, of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships.

25. An act for farther continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

26. An act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council.

27. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions.

28. An act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated.

29. An act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland.

30. An act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies.

31. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens to certain other Tokens which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Circulation of the said last-mentioned Tokens.

32. An act to permit certain Goods imported into Ireland to be warehoused or Secured, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid.

33. An act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Jesuits Bark from Great Britain.

34. An act to prohibit, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Exportation of Cotton Wool from Great Britain.

35. An act for imposing, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a Duty on Cotton Wool, the Growth of the British Colonies, exported from Great Britain.

36. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for altering and amending several Laws relating to the Duties of Excise upon Malt.

37. An act for making valid certain Orders in Council, and Warrants of the Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Entry and Warehousing of certain Goods imported in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned therein; for the remitting of Forfeitures in certain Cases; and for enabling His Majesty to allow, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Two Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation of Goods from Countries from which the British Flag is excluded, in any Vessels whatever.

38. An act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills.

39. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

40. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nine.

41. An act to repeal certain Duties of Excise in Ireland, and to grant certain Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and also certain other Stamp Duties; and to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

42. An act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Carriages, Dogs, Fire Hearths, Horses, Male Servants, and Windows, in lieu of former Duties and Taxes, in respect of the like Articles.

43. An act to suspend, until the Eleventh Day of June One thousand, eight hundred and eight, the Payment of all Drawbacks on Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain or Ireland, and exported from either Country to the other respectively.

44. An act to prevent the Exportation of Wool to Ireland before Bond given for the due landing thereof.

45. An act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant-Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

46. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

47. An act for quieting Possessions and confirming defective Titles in Ireland, and limiting the Right of the Crown to sue in Manner therein mentioned; and for the Relief of Incumbents in respect of Arrears due to the Crown during the Incumbency of their Predecessors.

48. An act to enable His Majesty's Post-Master.General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin.

49. An act for accelerating the making up, Examination, and Audit of the Accounts of the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces.

50. An act to suspend the granting of Offices in Reversion, or for joint Lives with Benefit of Survivorship, for One Year after the passing of this Act, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Commencement df the then next Session of Parliament.

51. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

52. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant-Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

53. An act for raising the Sum of Three Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

54. An act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

55. An act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes.

56. An act for abolishing Fees received by Officers in the Service of the Customs in the several Ports of Ireland, and for regulating the Hours of Attendance and the Number of Holidays to be observed by the said Officers and certain Officers of Excise.

57. An act for increasing the Duty on Corks ready-made, imported into Great Britain.

58. An act for amending the Law with regard to the Course of Proceeding on Indictments and Informations in the Court of King's Bench in certain Cases; for authorizing the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants issued for Offences committed in England; and for requiring Officers taking Bail in the King's Suit to assign the Bail-Bonds to the King.

59. An act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Brunswick Wolfenbuttel.

60. An act for repealing an Act passed in the First Year of King James the First, intituled, An act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers occupying the cutting of Leather; and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other Acts of Parliament relating thereto.

61. An act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the publick Expenditure and the Conduct of the publick Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

62. An act for the making perpetual several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto.

63. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year at His present Majestys Reign for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland.

64. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland.

65. An act to make more effectual Provision for the Building and Rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations, in Ireland.

66. An act for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in Ireland.

67. An act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

68. An act for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas.

69. An act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port and from the Coast of Africa into the said Colonies and Plantations.

70. An act to provide that British Ships which shall be captured by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships.

71. An act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Session of Parliament, for carrying into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on Goods exported from the Warehouses in which they have been secured on Importation; and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland.

72. An act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New Forests.

73. An act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster.

74. An act for the better Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain.

75. An act for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for such dead Human Bodies as may be call on Shore from the Sea, in Cases of Wreck or otherwise.

76. An act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

77. An act to enable His Majesty to vest the Right of Appointment of Master of the Free School of Londonderry in the City and County of Londonderry, in the Bishop of Derry for the Time being.

78. An act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof.

79. An act to amend the Two Acts for the collecting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster.

80. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Coffee imported.

81. An act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

82. An act to make perpetual and to amend several Acts for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland.

83. An act for raising the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland.

84. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue of Customs.

85. An act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Session of Parliament.

86. An act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries.

87. An act for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for establishing others in lieu thereof; and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches.

88. An act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum in England.

89. An act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of Publick Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts.

90. An act to enable the Commissioners for auditing Publick Accounts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks, respectively, to send and receive Letters and Packets on the Business of their Offices free of Postage.

91. An act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of Pliblick Expenditures in the West Indies, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts.

92. An act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money issued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed.

93. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the First Year of King James the First, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares; and also to repeal an Act of the Third Year of King George the First, relating to Gamekeepers.

94. An act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Session of the First Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, Act for preferring the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares.

95. An act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

96. An act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunaticks, being Paupers or Criminals in England.

97. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

98. An act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, and on Horses hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Post, or otherwise, in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties.

99. An act for depositing Prize Goods liable to Duty in Warehouses under the Care of the Officers of the Customs and Excise, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Consumption.

100. An act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as respects the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Foreign in Conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in Conjunction with the British.

101. An act for extinguishing the Right of Way over a Lane or Road leading across the Exercising Ground in front of Chatham Lines, and for vesting the Soil thereof in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

102. An act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight.

103. An act for further extending the Provisions of several Acts, for establishing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank, to advance the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

104. An act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas.

105. An act to authorize His Majesty, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Case of Good Hope.

106. An act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen, and may arise, from the Expiration of Acts, before the passing of Acts to continue the same.

107. An act to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Residues of Sums due under certain Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to the Persons entitled thereto.

108. An act for carrying into complete Execution and Effect certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Compensation to the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as far as respects the Compensation to John McClintock, and William Foster McClintock, Esquires, Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the said Court of Exchequer.

109. An act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories, on the Continent of South America.

110. An act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

111. An act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm.

112. An act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

113. An act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Persons appointed by them,) to sell or exchange Ground that has been occupied by old Court Houses, Gaols, or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon.

114. An act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

115. An act to grant to His Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland.

116. An act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the Island of Madeira, and to and from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America.

117. An act for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and stained, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

118. An act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, for a limited Time.

119. An act for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Great Britain, according to the Strength thereof.

120. An act for reducing the Excise Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa warehoused shall be subject to the Regulations of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warehouses.

121. An act for reducing the Duty of Customs on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption.

122. An act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks; and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners.

123. An act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain Cases.

124. An act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

125. An act to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, and Flour, from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the British Islands in the West Indies.

126. An act to permit Goods secured in Warehouses in the Port of London to be removed to the Out-ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe, for empowering His Majesty to direct that Licences which His Majesty is authorized to grant under His Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State; and lor enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Vessels of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law, during the present Hostilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace.

127. An act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages.

128. An act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Paymaster-General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and settled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts.

129. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An act to take away the Benefit of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons stealing privily from the Person of another; and for more effectually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Person.

130. An act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Under Writers, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne.

131. An act for further continuing until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture.

132. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majesty's Navy, to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

133. An act for enlarging the Times appointed for the first Meetings of Commissioners and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

134. An act to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags and Pockets of Hops.

135. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houston and Company to Charles Ashwell Esquire, and to William Johnstone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall James Mac Dowall, and Robert Houston Rae, in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland.

136. An act to indemnify all Officers and Persons who have carried into Execution any of the Provisions of an Act passed in this last Session of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets.

137. An act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament.

138. An act for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland.

139. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

140. An act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District of Dublin Metropolis.

141. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collection of the same.

142. An act for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, to grant Life Annuities.

143. An act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, and other Exciseable Liquors by Retail; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

144. An act for the more effectual Protection of Oyster Fisheries and the Brood of Oysters in England.

145. An act for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices.

146. An act for vesting the Stock of the Court of Session in Scotland in Trustees, for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice, and a publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

147. An act to permit the Sale of the Danish Prize Ship Constantia Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of Fowey, in the County of Cornwall.

148. An act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eightand for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

149. An act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

150. An act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm.

151. An act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords.

152. An act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wash made from Sugar during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

