Acts passed in 1809, 49 George 3 c.1 - c.129.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1809.
---

1. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions. Offices, and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

2. An act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

3. An act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

4. An act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia of Great Britain, to enlist voluntarily into the Regular Forces.

5. An act to allow a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty's Regular Forces.

6. An act for the Relief of Prisoners in Custody for Non payment of Money pursuant to Orders of Courts of Equity.

7. An act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, in the United Kingdom, for a limited Time.

8. An act to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain, or Ireland respectively, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine.

9. An act to grant Bounties on the Importation of Flax Seed into Ireland from Great Britain, until the Eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, so far as relates to Importers of Flax Seed.

10. An act to continue so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, as allows a Bounty upon double refined Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven; and so much of the same Act as allows a Bounty on Raw Sugar exported, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten.

11. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

12. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An act for the more effectually preventing the forging of Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills and the Negociation of forged and counterfeited Bank Notes, Bank Bills of Exchange, and Bank Post Bills, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

14. An act for repealing an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, relative to Child Murder; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

15. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and ten.

16. An act to allow the Importation of Rum and other Spirits, from the Island of Bermuda into the Province of Lower Canada, without Payment of Duty, on the same Terms and Conditions as such Importation may be made directly from His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in the West Indies.

17. An act to authorize His Majesty, during the present War, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope.

18. An act for continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, several Acts for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo; and until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America.

19. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

20. An act to make perpetual several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures; to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed, and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantation's in America; and for amending and making perpetual several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty.

21. An act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

22. An act for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into and from the Port of Falmouth in the Island of Jamaica.

23. An act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn; and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty.

24. An act for charging with Duty Spent Wash, re-distilled in Great Britain.

25. An act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain, from any Place whatever.

26. An act for allowing until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Importation of certain Fish from Parts of the Coast of His Majesty's North American Colonies; and for granting a Bounty thereon.

27. An act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland and the Islands adjacent; and for re-annexing Part of the Coast of Labrador and the Islands lying on the said Coast to the Government of Newfoundland.

28. An act to enable the Clerks of the King's Coroner and Attorney in the Court of King's Bench to be admitted as Attornies.

29. An act for the Appropriation of Twenty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, towards the Encouragement of the saving of Flax Seed for sowing in Ireland.

30. An act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, certain Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for warehousing in Ireland, Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations.

31. An act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions.

32. An act for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence, repealed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on Offices and Employments of Profit, and on Annuities, Pensions, and Stipends, and thereby granted for One Year to the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine.

33. An act to grant an Excise Duty on Spirits made or distilled from Sugar in Ireland, during the Prohibition of Distillation from Corn or Grain there, in lieu of the Excise Duty now chargeable thereon, and to allow a Drawback on the Export thereof to Foreign Parts.

34. An act to permit the Registry at Malta of Ships taken as Prize.

35. An act for the more convenient Payment of Pensions to Widows of Officers of the Navy.

36. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and rendering more effectual an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for erecting and establishing Publick Infirmaries or Hospitals.

37. An act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

38. An act for further continuing until the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

39. An act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for better securing His Majesty's Docks, Ship, and Stores, at Portsmouth; and for extending the Lines and Worlds at Dover; in pursuance of an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty.

40. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm.

41. An act to amend an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to provide that British Ships captured by the Enemy, becoming the Property of British Subjects, shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships.

42. An act for better regulating the Publick Records of Scotland.

43. An act for regulating the Mode in which the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, exclusive of the Duty thereon, is to be ascertained under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty.

44. An act to permit Goods brought in as Prize, and restored by the Court of Admiralty, or which have been seized as Droits, and so restored, to be sold or transferred within this Kingdom, without paying the Home Consumption Duty.

45. An act for more conveniently paying of Allowances on the Compassionate List of the Navy, and of Half Pay to Officers of the Royal Marines.

46. An act to authorize the principal Officers of the Customs in the British Colonies and Plantations in America and the West Indies, to examine Witnesses on Oath.

47. An act to permit certain Articles, the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Europe, to be laden and shipped on board Ships arriving with British North American Produce, and Fish taken by Settlers in the British North American Colonies, at any Port of Europe, in order to be exported to the principal Ports in the British Colonies and Plantations in North America.

48. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm.

49. An act to authorize His Majesty to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twelve, any Goods and Commodities to be imported into and exported from Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever.

50. An act to amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties, as relates to the Limitation according to which the Discount on Newspapers is regulated.

51. An act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend certain Acts for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Public Offices in Ireland; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same, and into the Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for public Money in Ireland.

52. An act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

53. An act for completing the Militia of Great Britain.

54. An act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

55. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England, and an Act, made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and for appointing other Commissioners together with those named in the first mentioned Act, to put in Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, also the said Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted as Commissioners for executing the said Acts.

56. An act for completing the Militia of Ireland.

57. An act for improving the Quality of Beer in Ireland, by further preventing the Use of unmalted Corn, or of any deleterious or unwholesome Ingredients therein, and for the better securing the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland.

58. An act to explain and render more, effectual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

59. An act to permit the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America to be carried on in Ships or Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the said States.

60. An act for allowing the Importation from any Port in Europe of Africa, of Goods or Commodities the Growth or Produce of any Country, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

61. An act for making Sugar and Coffee of Martinique and Mariegalante liable to Duty on Importation as Sugar and Coffee not of the British Plantations.

62. An act to amend several Acts for the Prevention of Smugglings for better securing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders; and for permitting the Exportation of Salt, Pepper, and Wine from Guernsey or Jersey to Sark, in small Packages.

63. An act for repealing the Duties on the Materials used in making Spread Window Glass and Crown Glass, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Collection of the said Duties.

64. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for enabling the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

65. An act for giving Jurisdiction to Justices of the Peace to hear and determine Prosecutions for Penalties incurred by any Offence against the Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; and also requiring all Goods, customable and not exciseable, seized by any Police or Peace Officer, to be brought to the Custom-House Warehouse in London, within a certain Period.

66. An act for the Abolition of certain Holidays, and for altering and extending the Time for keeping open the Chief Office of Excise.

67. An act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, and to make further Provision for exonerating small Livings and Charitable Institutions from the Land Tax.

68. An act to explain and amend the Law of Bastardy, so far as relates to indemnifying Parishes in respect thereof.

69. An act to indemnify Persons who have inadvertently printed, published, or dispersed Papers or Books without a full Description of the Place of Abode of the Printers thereof, from Penalties incurred under an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His Majesty's Reign.

70. An act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin.

71. An act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions Six hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

72. An act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland. for the Improvement of the City of Dublin, by making wide and convenient Passages through the same, and for regulating the Coal Trade thereof, and for other Purposes.

73. An act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, and upon British Spirits imported into Ireland, and upon Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors in Ireland in Quantities not less than Two Gallons.

74. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred agd ten, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland.

75. An act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties and Taxes on Carriages, Servants, Horses, and Dogs, in Ireland.

76. An act for vesting in the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, by Advice of the Privy Council the Power of prohibiting the Exportation and carrying Coastwise of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, Arms, Ammunition, and Naval Stores.

77. An act to amend the several Acts for securing the Duties on Paper made in Ireland.

78. An act for raising the Sum of One Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities and Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland.

79. An act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

80. An act for allowing Dealers to roast their own Coffee on certain Conditions.

81. An act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Paper, Silks, and Salt, and for authorizing the Seizure of Utensils in Cases where Vessels used in Excise Manufactories are subject to Forfeiture.

82. Act Act to amend several Acts passed in the last and present Session of Parliament, relating to the Local Militia.

83. An act for the Amendment of the Laws now in force in Ireland; relative to Persons entering into Recognizances in Criminal Cases, in Custody under any Fine, or under such Recognizance.

84. An act for amending the Irish Road Acts.

85. An act for defraying, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

86. An act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland.

87. An act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia and Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

88. An act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

89. An act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

90. An act for providing Relief for the Wives and Families of the Militia Men in Scotland, when called into actual Service.

91. An act to empower the Judges to try Civil Causes in their own Counties in England.

92. An act for charging the Sum of Eleven Millions, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, and the Sum of Seven Millions nine hundred and thirty-two thousand one hundred Pounds in Exchequer Bills, funded pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament, upon the Duties granted to His Majesty during the Continuance of the present War, and for certain Periods after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

93. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies at have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine.

94. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

95. An act for further regulating the Constitution of the Board of Commissioners for auditing the publick Accounts.

96. An act to provide for a durable Allowance of Superannuation to the Officers of Excise, under certain Restrictions.

97. An act for empowering the Board of Ordnance to exchange Lands at Purfleet in the County of Essex, for other Lands in the said Parish.

98. An act for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

99. An act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland; and for the regulating the Sale of such Liquors by Retail.

100. An act to amend the several Acts for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland.

101. An act to regulate the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony, and all other Offences, at Assizes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland; and for amending an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, relating thereto.

102. An act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, into the Nature and Extent of the several Bogs in Ireland, and the Practicability of draining and cultivating them, and the best Means of effecting the same.

103. An act to amend an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the building and rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses in Ireland.

104. An act to amend several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, for granting Life Annuities with Benefit of Survivorship.

105. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act of this present Session of Parliament, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

106. An act for allowing further Time for taking Goods out of Warehouse, and paying Duties thereon.

107. An act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred in the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

108. An act to amend the several Acts respecting the Payment of Wages and Prize Money, and Allotment, of Wages, to Persons serving in His Majesty's Royal Navy.

109. An act to repeal several Acts respecting the Woollen Manufacture, and to amend other Acts relating to the said Manufacture; and for allowing Persons employed in any Branch of the Woollen Manufacture to set up Trade in any Place in Great Britain.

110. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for continuing and making perpetual several Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence on Offices and Employments.

111. An act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the publick Expenditure, and the Conduct of the publick Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

112. An act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, to provide for the Defence of the Realm, with respect to the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service.

113. An act for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia.

114. An act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

115. An act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

116. An act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters, and Things, under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, in Ireland.

117. An act for lowering the Duty of Excise on Coffee, of the Growth of His Majesty's Dominions in Africa.

118. An act for better securing the Independence and Purity of Parliament, by preventing the procuring or obtaining of Seats in Parliament by corrupt Practices.

119. An act to give to the Persons named by His Majesty, pursuant to an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords, further Time for making their Report or Reports.

120. An act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.

121. An act to alter and amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

122. An act for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.

123. An act to explain and amend an Act made in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy during the present War; and for the further Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually providing for the Interest of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea; and to extend the Provisios of the said Act to Cases arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced since the passing of the said Act.

124. An act for altering, emending, and explaining certain Acts relative to the Removal of the Poor, and for making Regulations in certain Cases touching the Examination of Paupers as to their Settlement; and for extending to all Parishes certain Rules and Orders in Workhouses, under an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

125. An act to amend an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

126. An act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices.

127. An act for further augmenting the Salaries of certain of the Judges of the Courts in Westminster Hall and of the Chief and Second Justice of Chester, and justices of the Great Sessions in Wales.

128. An act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

129. An act to prevent the enlisting of Local Militia Men into the Regular Militia of any other County or Stewartry than the County or Stewartry to which they belong.

