Acts passed in 1814, 54 George 3 c.1 - c.190.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1814.
---

1. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War.

2. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

3. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty two Millions by way of Annuities.

4. An Act to continue until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act of the present Session, to prevent the issuing and circulating of Pieces of Gold and Silver, or other Metal, usually called Tokens, except such as are issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

5. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

6. An Act to stay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Actions under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons.

7. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and amend an Act for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

8. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

9. An Act for fixing the Commencement and Termination of licences to be granted for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn, or Grain in Scotland.

10. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit the Interchange of the British and Irish Militias respectively.

11. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for making better Provision for Soldiers, to Serjeants of the Militia.

12. An Act to enable His Majesty to augment the Sixtieth Regiment to Ten Battalions, by Enlistment of Foreigners.

13. An Act for giving Effect to certain Engagements of His Majesty with the Emperor of all the Russias and the King of Prussia, for furnishing a Part of the pecuniary Succours for assissing His Majesty's said Allies, in supporting the Expences of the War with France.

14. An Act to provide that Property vested in the Accountant Gerneral of the High Court of Chancery as such, shall, upon his Death, Removal or Resignation, vest from time to time in those who shall succeed to the Office.

15. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts, in His Majesty's Colony of New South Wales.

16. An Act to explain an Act of the Forty first Year of his present Majesty, for declaring what Persons shall be disabled from sitting and voting in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

17. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia of the City of London, out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War.

18. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

19. An Act to enable His Majesty to accept the Services of the Local Militia out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions, and until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

20. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of a Proportion of the Militia out of the United Kingdom, for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; and to extend the Provisions thereof to the Regiment of Miners of Cornwall and Devon.

21. An Act for charging an equalizing Duty on Scotch Salt brought to England.

22. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

23. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

24. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar, when the Duties imposed by an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty shall be suspended.

25. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

26. An Act for repeating the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the Fifth day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

27. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

28. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors in England.

29. An Act to charge an additional Duty of Customs on Brandy imported into Great Britain for the Purpose of Exportation, and which shall be taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption, before the Thirty first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

30. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Laws relating to the Transportation of Felons and other Offenders, and to the authorizing the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement in England and Scotland.

31. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

31. An Act to amend the several Acts for preventing the illicit Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

32. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large, as amended by an Act of the Thirty sixth of His Majesty.

34. An Act for the Further Regulation of the Trade to and from the Faces within the Limits of the Charter of The East India Conmpany.

35. An Act to extend the Period for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

36. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to The United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported; and to alter the Periods of making up and presenting certain Accounts of the said Company to Parliament; to continue in force until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

37. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surry as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

38. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the London Militia to enlist into the Regular Forces for the vigorous Prosecution of the War; also, a certain Proportion to enlist annually into the Regular Forces; and for completing the said Militia.

39. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

40. An Act to remove Doubts respecting the Payment Of Drawback on the Exportation of French Wine in certain Cases.

41. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to suspend the Importation of British or Irish made Spirits into Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

42. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the Punishment of Persons destroying Stocking or Lace Frames, or any Articles in such Frames, and to make other Provisions instead thereof. 174.

43. An Act to vest in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for extending the present Lines and Works, and for erecting other Works and Buildings at and near Portsmouth and Hilsea, in the County of Southampton

44. An Act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to stay, until the Twentieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, Proceedings in Actions under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons.

45. An Act to continue the Period For purchasing the Legal Quays in the Port of London.

46. An Act for altering the Period during which Writs of Assistance shall remain in force.

47. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to regulate the Separation of Damaged from Sound Coffee, and to permit Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit.

48. An Act to revive and make perpetual certain Act for consolidating and extending the several Laws in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of Certain Articles into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

49. An Act to revive and continue, until the Expiration of Nine Months after the Conclusion of the War with the United States of America, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to authorize the Importation and Exportation of certain Articles into and from the West Indies, South America and Newfoundland.

50. An Act to amend so much of an Act of His present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the Duties payable on Salt exported.

51. An Act to revive and further continue, until Nine Months after the Conclusion of the present War, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

52. An Act to revive and continue, during the Continuance of any Act imposing any Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England with respect to Payments in Cash, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making more efectual Provision for preventing the Current Gold Coin of the Realm from being paid or accepted for a greater Value than the Current Value of such Coin; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as hare been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

54. An Act to discontinue Proceedings in certain Actions already commenced, and to prevent vexatious Suits against Spiritual Persons, under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty; and further to continue, until the Twentieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for staying Proceedings under the said Act.

55. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

56. An Act to amend and render more efffectual an Act of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Art of making new Models and Casts of Busts, and other Things therein mentioned; and for giving further Encouragement to such Arts.

57. An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported are to be ascertained, and Substituting another in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the same Duties and Regulations as similar Articles of the British Plantations, to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

58. An Act to continue, during the present Hostilities with the United States of America, an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom.

59. An Act to allow Ships taken and condemned for being used in carrying on the Slave Trade to be registered as British-built Ships.

60. An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of His Majesty's Cordage.

61. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to prevent the granting in future any Patent Office, to be exercised in any Colony or Plantation, now or at any Time hereafter belonging to The Crown of Great Britain, for any longer Term than during such Time as the Grantee thereof, or Person appointed thereto, shall discharge the Duty thereof in Person, and behave well therein.

62. An Act to amend several Acts for erecting or establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in Ireland, so far as relates to the Surgeons and Apothecaries of such Infirmaries or Hospitals.

63. An Act to amend several Acts for enabling His Majesty's Post-master General of Ireland to purchase Premises for the Enlargement of the General Post Office in the City of Dublin.

64. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain.

65. An Act to repeal certain Duties on French Goods imported into Great Britain, and on Foreign Hides exported to France, and to grant other Duties on French Goods so imported.

66. An Act to repeal the Duties on Teak Wood and other Ship Timber imported from the East Indies; and to repeal so much of an Act of the Nineteenth Year of His late Majesty, as exempts Captains of Vessels coming from the East Indies, from Penalties for having Foreign-made Sails.

67. An Act to allow Viva Voce Verdicts to be returned to the High Court and Circuit Courts of Justiciary of Scotland, in certain Cases; and for allowing Appeals to the Circuit Courts of Justiciary, in Civil Cases to a certain Amount.

68. An Act for the better Regulation of Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland; and for the more easy Recovery of Church Rates and Tithes.

69. An Act to permit the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, from any Part of the United Kingdom, without Payment of Duty, or receiving of Bounty.

70. An Act for the further Improvement of the Land Revenue of The Crown.

71. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva.

72. An Act for permitting a Trade between The United Provinces and certain Colonies now in His Majesty's Possession.

73. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

74. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

75. An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred and sixteen thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four pence Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

76. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by way of Annuities.

77. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable on the Importation of Wine the Produce of the Cape of Good Hope, and its Dependencies, and charging other Duties in lieu thereof.

78. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth, and, Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and of another Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, as respects the Removal of Wool, within a certain Distance of the Sea.

79. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

80. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

81. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and to amend several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, and to grant until the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifteen certain new Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into and from Ireland; and to make further Regulations for securing the Collection of the said Duties.

82. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Auctions in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties thereon, and to provide for the regulating and securing the Collection of the said Duties, and to prevent Frauds therein.

83. An Act for the more effectual Regulation of the Receipts and Issues of His Majesty's Treasury; and for securing the due Application of Money coming into the Hands of the Public Accountants, in Ireland.

84. An Act for regulating the Time of holding the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in England.

85. An Act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland.

86. An Act for regulating the Payment of Army Prize Money; and to provide for the Payment of unclaimed and forfeited Shares to Chelsea Hospital.

87. An Act to grant Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and to grant and allow certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

88. An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

89. An Act for the Charge of the further Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

90. An Act to explain and extend an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for remedying Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England; and for extending the said Act to Bridges and other Works maintained at the Expence of Hundreds.

91. An Act to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth, as concerns the Time of appointing Overseers of the Poor.

92. An Act to secure the Payment of Stamp Duties on Probate and Letters of Administration, and on Receipts for Property obtained by Legacy, or Intestacy, in Ireland.

93. An Act for regulating the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and the Transmission of Accounts and Payment of Balances to Greenwich Hospital. 424.

94. An Act to grant additional Annuities to Judges of the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer, in Scotland, who had resigned their Offices before the last Augmentation of Salaries granted to the Judges of those Courts.

95. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant additional Annuities to the Judges of the Court of King's Bench, Judges of the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer, in Ireland, on the Resignation of their Offices.

96 An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry and Apprentices.

97. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain; for granting an Excise Duty on Common Glass Bottles imported; and for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Exportation of Glass.

98. An Act to empower the Auditor General of the Accounts in Spain and Portugal to examine Accounts of Public Expenditure in France.

99. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

100. An Act to repeal the Schedule annexed to an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, by which the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugars exported from Ireland are to be ascertained, and to substitute another Schedule in lieu thereof; and to permit the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, the Produce of Martinique, Mariegalante, Guadaloupe, Saint Eustatia, Saint Martin and Saba, under the same Duties and Regulations, as similar Articles of the British Plantations; to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

101. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Child Stealing.

102. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

103. An Act to grant until the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, certain Duties on Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Ireland from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and to establish further Regulations for the better Security of the Revenue on Goods so imported.

104. An Act for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland, for the Purpose of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made, and Bridges built, in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

105. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Duties and Taxes heretofore imposed and levied under the Authority of the several Governments in the East Indies.

106. An Act to remove Doubts, as to the Allowance of Drawbacks upon Bibles and Books of Prayer to The King's Printers, under an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty.

107. An Act to render valid certain Indentures for the binding of Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlement of Poor Persons.

108. An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Thirtieth and Thirty second Years of King Charles the Second, for burying in Woollen, and for indemnifying Persons against Penalties for Offences committed against the said Acts.

109. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend and reduce into One Act, the Statutes now in force for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within England; and for other Purposes.

110. An Act to prevent the Embezzlement of certain Property belonging to the Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and to amend so much of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty as relates to Payments to Out Pensioners of the said Hospital residing in Ireland.

111. An Act to continue certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for preventing the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition; and the making, removing, selling and keeping of Gunpowder, Arms and Ammunition, without Licence.

112. An Act for the further Encouragement of Fever Hospitals in Ireland.

113. An Act to vest in His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever, Part of the Ground and Buildings now belonging to the Society of King's Inns, Dublin, for the erecting thereon a Repository for Public Records in Ireland.

114. An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

115. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, for preventing the pernicious Practice of burning Land; and for the more effectual destroying of Vermin.

116. An Act to repeal the several Laws for Recovery of small Sums due for Wages in Ireland; and to make other Premiums for Recovery of such Wages.

117. An Act to extend, so far as relates to the building of new Churches, an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for reviving and Amending an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act amending, continuing and making more effectual the several  Acts now in force in this Kingdom for the more easy Recovery of Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Dues of small Value; and also for the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks, so far only as the same relates to the more easy providing a Maintenance for Parish Clerks; and to encourage the building of new Churches.

118. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to explain and amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for granting Stamp Duties in Ireland.

119. An Act to repeal certain Duties upon Letters and Packets, sent by the Post within Ireland; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

120. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

121. An Act to repeal the additional Duties of Excise on French Wine imported and on Spirits exported from the Warehouses; and authorizing the Repayment of the additional Duty in respect of French Wine found in Dealers' Stocks; and authorizing the Commissioners of Excise Duties to repay or remit Duties paid on Liquors lost by accidental staving before Landing.

122. An Act to alter the Mode of declaring the Value of Goods imported into or exported from Great Britain.

123. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Trade of Hops.

124. An Act to permit the Importation of Tobacco and Snuff into the Port of Plymouth.

125. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes from the British Colonies in North America.

126. An Act to alter and extend an Act passed in the Eighth Year of King George the First, for Relief of Shipwrecked Mariners and distressed Persons, being His Majesty's Subjects, in the Kingdom of Portugal.

127. An Act to permit the Exportation to Foreign Parts from Scotland and Ireland of Linen Cloth, without Stamps.

128. An Act to amend the several Acts for regulating the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

129. An Act to grant to His Majesty Rates and Duties, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties.

130. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

131. An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties, in certain Cases.

132. An Act to repeal the Duty payable in Ireland on certain Houses or Tenements under the annual Value of Ten Pounds.

133. An Act for better enabling the Commissioners of Stamps to make Allowances for spoiled Stamps on Policies of Insurance in Great Britain, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto.

131. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and to amend several Acts for allowing Importations from and Exportations to the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, in Ships not of British-built; and for the better Maintenance and Care of Lascars and other Asiatic Seamen arriving in this Kingdom.

132. An Act to further explain and amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing certain Parts of several Acts relating to the limiting the Number of Persons to be carried by Stage Coaches in Ireland.

136. An Act for enabling the Commiilioners of the Northern Light-houses to purchase the Island and Light of May, at the Entrance of the Frith of Forth; for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money towards that Purpose; and for amending several Acts in regard to the Northern Light-houses.

137. An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

138. An Act to enable the Trustees appointed by An Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Passage across the Frith of Forth, called The Queensferry, to carry the same into Execution.

139. An Act to rectify a Mistake in An Act of this Session of Parliament, for raising the Sum of Twenty four Millions by way of Annuities.

140. An Act to amend several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland for granting certain Annuities.

141. An Act to alter so much of an Act, made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Duties payable in respect of killing of Game.

142. An Act to permit the Exportation of Tea to the British Colonies in America, Guernsey, Jersey, Europe and Africa, without Payment of Duty.

143. An Act to repeal the Duties granted by An Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, amending and supporting the several Harbours and Sea Ports in the Isle of Man, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and for giving further Powers to the Commissioners appointed under the said Act.

144. An Act for better securing the Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances made in London, and for altering the Period for taking out Stamp Office Certificates by Attornies and others in England.

145. An Act to take away Corruption of Blood save in certain Cases.

146. An Act to alter the Punishment, in certain Cases, of High Treason.

147. An Act for the better Regulation of the Drivers of Licensed Hackney Coaches; for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, relating to Hackney Coaches; and for authorising the licensing of a limited Number of Hackney Chariots.

148. An Act for imposing an Excise Duty on Silk Handkerchiefs sold by the East India Company for Home Consumption.

149. An Act to regulate, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally.

150. An Act to consolidate and amend the Regulations contained in several Acts of Parliament, for imposing and levying of Fines upon Parishes, Townlands and other Places, in respect of the unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

151. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, and to make further Provisions for the Regulation of the Office of Agent General.

152. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the making, keeping and carriage of Gunpowder, within Great Britain

153. An Act to regulate the Payment of Drawback on Paper allowed to the Universities in Scotland.

154. An Act for further amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and rendering mote effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

155. An Act to repeal an Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom in certain cases; and for substituting other Provisions, until the End of the next Session of Parliament in lieu thereof.

156. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement of Learning, by securing the Copies and Copyright of Printed Books, to the Authors of such Books, or their Assigns.

157. An Act for the better Regulation of the Conduct of the Business of the Office of Works, and the Expenditure thereof.

158. An Act to continue, for One Year, certain Acts for the better

Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea or Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

159. An Act for the better Regulation of the several Ports, Harbours, Roadsteads, Sounds, Channels, Bays and Navigable Rivers in the United Kingdom, and of His Majesty's Docks, Dock Yards, Arsenals, Wharfs, Moorings and Stores therein; and for repealing several Acts passed for that Purpose.

160. An Act to enable His Majesty to settle an Annuity upon Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, during the Joint Lives of His Majesty and of Her Royal Highness.

161. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Arthur Duke of Wellington and his Heirs; and for empowering the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to advance, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, a Sum of Money in lieu of such Annuity, to purchase an Estate, in order to accompany the said Title, in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke of Wellington to His Majesty and to the Public; and for making further Provision for the Disposal of a Sum of Money granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for purchasing an Estate for the said Duke, then Marquis of Wellington.

162. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Beresford, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Beresford shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

163. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Combermere, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Lord Combermere shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

164. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Exmouth, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Exmouth shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

165. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Hill, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Hill shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

166. An Act for settling and securing an Annuity on Lord Lynedoch, and the Persons to whom the Title of Lord Lynedoch shall descend, in Consideration of his eminent Services.

167. An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money arisen or to arise from certain Duties granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

168. An Act to amend the Laws respecting the Attestation of Instruments of Appointment and Revocation, made in exercise of certain Powers in Deeds, Wills and other Instruments.

169. An Act for making certain Regulations respecting the Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain.

170. An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor; and to make other Provisions in relation thereto.

171. An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to restore Seizures or remit or mitigate Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, incurred concerning any Laws relating to the Customs or Excise, or Navigation and Trade of Great Britain.

172. An Act for repealing the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers' Wash, Spirits and Licences, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

173. An Act to alter and amend certain of the Powers and Provisions of several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax; and for making further Provision for the Redemption thereof.

174. An Act for letting to farm the Post Horse Duties.

175. An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to Spiritual holding of Farm; and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England, for One Year, and from thence until Six Weeks after the Meeting of the then next Session of Parliament.

176. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fourteen.

177. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

178. An Act to continue so much of an Act made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland.

179. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament the several Laws for raising and training the Militia of Ireland.

180. An Act to provide for the preserving and restoring of Peace in such Parts of Ireland as may at any time be disturbed by seditious Persons, or by Persons entering into unlawful Combinations or Conspiracies.

181. An Act to render more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland.

182. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act for regulating the Trade to the Isle of Malta; and to revive and continue, for the same Period, several Acts relating to the Trade to the Cape of Good Hope; and to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain.

183. An Act to impose a Countervailing Duty of Excise on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland.

184. An Act for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years.

185. An Act to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain of British-made Cordage.

186. An Act for the more easy apprehending and trying of Offenders, escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other.

187. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to amend several Acts for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity.

188. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Three Millions for the Service of Great Britain; and for applying the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds British Currency for the Service of Ireland.

189. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Seneant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

190. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

