Acts passed in 1815, 55 George 3 c.1 - c.196.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1815.
---

1. An Act for the Encouragement and Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Service, and for the Consolidation of the Chest at Greenwich with the Royal Hospital there.

2. An Act for directing the Application of the Residuary Personal Estate of Anna Maria Reynolds Spinster bequeathed by her to the Use of the Sinking Fund.

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

5. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

6. An Act to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England.

7. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting Duties of Excise on certain Sorts of Glass made in Ireland, and for granting and allowing certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

8. An Act to continue during the Continuance of the present Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, so much of an Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty, as permits the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in Neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

9.An Act to contiue, until the Expiration of Six Months after the Conclusion of the present Hostilities, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing His Majesty in Council to allow the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Neutral Ships into and from His Majesty's Territories in the West Indies and Continent of South America.

10. An Act to make further Provision respecting the Duties payable upon East India Goods, and to allow Bond to be given for Payment of the Duties upon such Goods when imported by Private Traders.

11. An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act of the Forty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty's Protection, the Privileges of Prize Ships; and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the Occupations of Merchants or Factors during the present War.

12. An Act to amend several Acts relating to Fines in respect of unlawful Distillation in Ireland, to the warehousing of Spirits, and to the securing the Duties of Excise on Spirits distilled, and on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland.

13. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to provide for the better Execution of the Laws in Ireland, by appointing Superintending Magistrates and additional Constables in Counties, in certain cases.

14. An Act to impose certain Duties on the Importation, and to allow Drawbacks on the Exportation of certain Sorts of Wood into and from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks on the like Sorts of Wood; and to indemnify Persons who have admitted certain Sorts of Wood to Entry on Payment of a Proportion only of the Duty imposed thereon.

15. An Act to amend an Act made in the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provision for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Indisposition.

16. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

17. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for the Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

18. An Act to settle and secure an Annuity on Lord Walshingham, in Consideration of his Services as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords.

19. An Act to grant certain Duties of Excise upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail, and upon Licences to Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities, in Ireland, in lieu of the Stamp Duties payable upon such Licences; and to secure the payment of such Excise Duties, and to regulate the issuing of such Licences; and to discourage the immoderate Use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland.

20. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

21. An Act for regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

22. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation of Tobacco, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

23. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation of Citrat of Lime, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 87.

24. An Act to grant Duties of Customs on the Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from Ireland, in lieu of the Duties of Customs heretofore payable on such Exportation.

25. An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Brown Linens in Ireland.

26. An Act to amend the Laws now in force for regulating the Importation of Corn.

27. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, certain Additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

28. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

29. An Act to regulate the Trade between Malta and its Dependencies, and His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America; and also between Malta and the United Kingdom.

30. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, on Sweets, Tobacco, Snuff and Excise Licences. 104.

31. An Act to amend certain Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar, and further to regulate the Importation of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies.

32. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of the present Session of Parliament with respect to the Duties on Sugar imported from the East Indies; and for further continuing, until the End of Six Weeks from and after the Expiration of any Act or Acts of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duties upon Sugar imported into Great Britain certain Countervailing Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, on Mined Sugar.

33. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand*= eight hundred and sixteen, certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

34. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco into Great Britain from any Place whatever.

35. An Act to grant to His Majesty an additional Duty of Excise on Tobacco in Ireland.

36. An Act to grant to His Majesty a Duty of Customs on Tobacco imported into Ireland.

37. An Act to amend several Acts respecting the Exportation and Importation of Sugar into and from Ireland; and further to regulate the Importation into Ireland of Sugar, Coffee and other Articles, from certain Islands in the West Indies.

38. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as directs that no Bleaching Powder, made in Ireland and brought into Scotland, should be removed into England.

39. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, and to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

40. An Act for raising the Sum of Two millions three hundred and twenty three thousand seven hundred and fifty Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

41. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

42. An Act to facilitate the Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, by the extending Trial by Jury to Civil Causes.

43. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of the Use of false and deficient Measures.

44. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the admitting and landing of certain Prize Vessels and Goods in Ireland; to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

45. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery.

46. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England.

47. An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England; and also relative to the Highways.

48. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for providing Clergymen to officiate in Gaols and Houses of Correction within England and Wales.

49. An Act to procure Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanours.

50. An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other fees connected with the Gaols in England.

51. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates.

52. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, several Acts for charging additional Duties on Copper imported into Great Britain.

53. An Act to revive and continue for One Year the Duties and Contributions on the Profits arising from Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices in Great Britain.

54. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and to establish, for Twelve Months, other Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases.

55. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, to contract for the Purchase and Surrender of Crown Leases, and to sell His Majesty's Interest in the Thornhill estate, in the Parish of Stallbridge, in the County of Dorset, and in certain small Parcels of Land belonging to His Majesty's Subjects within the Royal Forests; and to remove Doubts as to Estates of The Crown, sold by Order of the said Commissioners, being exempted from the Auction Duty.

56. An Act to authorize the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to transfer a certain Sum in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, now standing in the Name of the Corporation of the Chest of Greenwich, into the Name of the said Commissioners; and also to receive such Dividends as are now due upon such Annuities.

57. An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts, granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Lose of such Privileges.

58. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

59. An Act for amending an Act of His present Majesty, to insure the proper and careful Manufacturing of Fire Arms in England, and for making Provision for proving the Barrels of such Fire Arms.

60. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the same.

61. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Windows, Male Servants, Carriages, Horses and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes in respect of the like Articles.

62. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain increased Duties of Excise in \Ireland on Malt. 291.

63. An Act to repeal the additional Duty on British-made Wine or Sweets granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament.

64. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fisty third Year of His present Majesty, as far as relates to the granting Gratuities by the East India Company.

65. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Militia of Great Britain.

66. An Act for allowing Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take Salt Duty-free for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime for bleaching Linen and Cotton; for repealing the Excise Duties on Glauber Salt, and on Bleaching Powder imported from Ireland; and to allow a further Drawback on Foreign Brimstone used in making Oil of Vitriol.

67. An Act to grant to His Majesty certain Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of certain Male Servants, Carriages and Horses kept to be let to Hire.

68. An Act to amend an Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways, in so far as the same relates to Notice of Appeal against turning or diverting a Public Highway; and to extend the Provisions of the same Act to the stopping up of unnecessary Roads.

69. An Act to regulate Madhouses in Scotland.

70. An Act for better regulating the Formation and Arrangement of the Judicial and other Records of the Court of Session in Scotland.

71. An Act to regulate Hawkers and Pedlars in Scotland.

72. An Act to fix the Election for Glamorganshire at a central Place within the said County.

73. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

74. An Act for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills; and for raising a Sum of Money by Annuities, for the Service of Great Britain.

75. An Act to continue the Encouragement of Persons making Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude, in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

76. An Act to enable His Majesty, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, to accept the Services of the Local Militia, either in or out of their Counties, under certain Restrictions.

77. An Act to authorize, under present Circumstances, the Drawing out and Embodying of the British and Irish Militia, or any Part thereof.

78. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, in Ireland, and to grant new Duties in lieu thereof.

79. An Act to regulate the Collection and Management of the Stamp Duties on Law Proceedings, Attornies, Solicitors, Proctors and Corporate Officers in Ireland.

80. An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties on Pamphlets, Almanacks and Newspapers, in Ireland.

81. An Act to repeal the several Acts for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties in Ireland, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties in general.

82. An Act to grant Duties of Customs, and to allow Drawbacks and Bounties on certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; and to make further Regulations for securing the Duties of Customs in Ireland.

83. An Act to regulate the Payment of the Duties of Customs on Foreign Goods imported into Great Britain from Ireland, or into Ireland from Great Britain; and of the Drawbacks on the Exportation of Goods the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, having been imported into either Country from the other.

84. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the fixing the Limits of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras and Bombay; and also so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to granting Letters of Administration to the Effects of Persons dying intestate within the several Presidencies in the East Indies, to the Registrar of the Ecclesiastical Courts; and to enable the Governor in Council of the said Presidencies to remove Persons, not being British Subjects; and to make Provision for the Judges in the East Indies in certain Cases.

85. An Act to amend and continue for One Year, and until Twelve Months after the Termination of the present War by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Two Acts of His present Majesty, for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist and serve as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service; and to enable His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers, under certain Restrictions.

86. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Malls, Yards, Bowsprits and Timber for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.

87. An Act to relieve certain Foreign Vessels resorting to the Port of London, in respect of Pilotage; and to regulate the Mode of Payment of Pilotage on Foreign Vessels in the said Port.

88. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for rendering more easy and effectual Redress for Assaults in Ireland.

89. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, for making Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland.

90. An Act to explain an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, relative to Inland Navigations there, so far as relates to the Limitation of Actions against Canal Companies and others.

91. An Act for the Payment of Costa and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses, in Cases of Felony in Ireland.

92. An Act to amend an Act of the Fiftieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, relating to Prisons in Ireland, so far as concerns Contracts for building or repairing such Prisons.

93. An Act to repeal the Duties payable on, and the Permission to enter for Home Consumption, Silk Handkerchiefs imported by the East India Company. 488.

94. An Act to continue and amend several Acts relating to the British White Herring Fishery.

95. An Act to repeal the Duties payable on the Importation into Great Britain of solid Vegetable Extract from Oak Bark, and other Vegetable Substances used in the Tanning of Leather; and to grant a Duty in lieu thereof.

96. An Act to grant a further Sum of Money for purchasing an Estate to accompany the Title of Earl Nelson, and also to amend Two Acts of the Forty sixth and Fifty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for making such Purchase.

97. An Act to grant to the Judges of the Commissary Court of Edinburgh a fixed Salary in place of their present Salary and certain Fees and Payments.

98. An Act to enable the select Committee on the Downpatrick Election to re-assemble, and to suspend the Transmission of the Warrants and other Proceedings for the Appointment of Commissioners to examine Witnesses in Ireland.

99. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Malt made in Ireland.

100. An Act to provide for the Collection and Management of Stamp Duties payable on Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Receipts and Game Certificates in Ireland.

101. An Act to regulate the Collection of Stamp Duties on Matters in respect of which Licences may be granted by the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland.

102. An Act to repeal certain Duties on Leather dressed in Oil in Great Britain, or imported from Ireland.

103. An Act to regulate the Postage of Ship Letters to and from, Ireland.

104. An Act to make further Provisions for the issuing of Licenses to Persons to deal in, retail, make or manufacture Spirits and other Exciseable Commodities in Ireland, and for securing the Duties of Excise payable by the Persons so licensed. 555.

105. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Hides and Skins tanned in Ireland.

106. An Act to make further Provisions for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Paper printed, painted or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings and other Uses.

107. An Act to regulate the Appointment of Governors of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin.

108. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

109. An Act to enable the Sheriff Depute or Substitute and Justices of the Peace of the County of Clackmanan, to incarcerate Persons in the Gaol of the Royal Burgh of Stirling or the Common Gaol of the County of Stirling.

110. An Act for charging certain Duties on Sweets or Made Wines in Ireland in lieu of former Duties.

111. An Act for the better collecting and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland.

112. An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein. 649.

113. An Act for altering certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Glass; for exempting Irish Glass Bottles from the Duty imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; and for exempting the Leather and Glass of Carriages belonging to certain Persons imported from Ireland for Private Use from Duty.

114. An Act to augment the Salary of the Master of the Rolls in Ireland, and to enable His Majesty to grant an additional Annuity to such Master of the Rolls, on the Resignation of his Office; and to regulate the Disposal of the Offices of the Six Clerks in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

115. An Act to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of the Netherlands and the Emperor of all the Russias.

116. An Act to make further Regulations for the Registry of Ships built in India.

117. An Act to permit, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in Neutral Vessels from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in Neutral Vessels from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

118. An Act to regulate the Clearance of Vessels, and Delivery of Coast Bonds, at Creeks and Harbours in Great Britain; for exempting certain Ships and Vessels from being licensed by the Commissioners of Customs; for authorizing Officers of the Customs to seize Spirits removing without Excise Permits; and for preventing Frauds in overloading Keels and other Carriages used in conveying Coals for Exportation, or to be carried Coastwise.

119. An Act to enable the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to abate the Tolls on Carriages, and to allow of their carrying extra Weights in certain Dues.

120. An Act to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for the ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof.

121. An Act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges made in Scotland for the Purpose of Military Communication; and for making more effectual Provision for maintaining and repairing Roads made and Bridges built in Scotland, under the Authority of the Parliamentary Commissioners for Highland Roads and Bridges.

122. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of Windsor Forest, in the County of Berks; and for inclosing the Open Commonable Lands within the said Forest.

123. An Act for making Compensation for Lands and Hereditaments taken for erecting Works at and near Portsmouth and Hilsea, in the County of Southampton, in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament.

124. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirty six Millions by way of Annuities.

125. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

126. An Act to authorize the allowing to Foreign Officers, Allowances equivalent in Amount to the Half Pay given to British Officers under the like Circumstances. Poge

127. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for preventing the Embezzlement of Stores; and to extend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to His Majesty's Naval, Ordnance and Victualling Stores, to all other Public Stores.

128. An Act to enable His Majesty to acquire Ground necessary for Signal and Telegraph Stations.

129. An Act to increase the Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties on Tobacco; and to limit the Tonnage of Ships in which Wine may be exported when Duties are drawn back.

130. An Act for further regulating the Issue and Payment of Money to His Majesty's Forces serving Abroad.

131. An Act for discontinuing certain Deductions from Half Pay; and for further regulating the Accounts of the Paymaster General.

132. An Act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

133. An Act to grant further Powers to the Commissioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals with respect to Pensions on those Establishments.

134. An Act for altering the Rate at which The Crown may exercise its Right of Pre-emption of Ore in which there it Lead.

135. An Act to alter the Conditions and Regulations under which Blubber and Train Oil of Newfoundland are admitted to Entry.

136. An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital of Kilmainham.

137. An Act to prevent Poor Persons in Workhouses from embezzling certain Property provided for their Use; to alter and amend so much of an Act of the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, as restrains Justices of the Peace from ordering Relief to Poor Persons in certain Cases for a longer Period than One Month at a Time; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, relating to the Poor.

138. An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Forest of Exmoor otherwise Exmore, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon; and for inclosing the said Forest.

139. An Act to grant an additional Duty of Excise in Ireland, upon Spirits made or diitilled from Corn or Grain.

140. An Act to make further Provisions for the Collection of certain Duties on Male Servants, Carriages and Horses; and in respect of Houses in Ireland.

141. An Act to amend an Act made in this Session of Parliament to repeal former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of such Privileges.

142. An Act to reduce the Duties on all Sheep Wool the Growth of the United Kingdom, which shall be sold by Auction for the Growers or first Purchasers.

143. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the building and repairing of County Bridges.

144. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, to purchase Premises for the erecting additional Docks, Warehouses and Offices, in Dublin.

145. An Act to increase the Allowance to the Post Office in Ireland, in respect of Packet Boats to Great Britain.

146. An Act to authorize His Majesty to regulate, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Trade with any French Colony which may come into His Majesty's Possession or remain Neutral.

147. An Act for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange the Parsonage or Glebe Houses or Glebe Lands, belonging to their Benefices, for others of greater Value, or more conveniently situated for their Residence and Occupation; and for annexing such Houses and Lands, so taken in Exchange, to such Benefices as Parsonage or Glebe Houses and Glebe Lands, dnd for purchasing and annexing Lands to become Glebe in certain Cases, and for other Purposes.

148. An Act for raising the Sum of Four millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

149. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

150. An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

151. An Act to amend the Laws for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

152. An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards repairing Roads between London and Holyhead, by Chester, and between London and Bangor, by Shrewsbury.

153. An Act for granting certain Rates on the Postage of Letters to and from Great Britain, The Cape of Good Hope, The Mauritius and The East Indies; and for making certain Regulations respecting the Postage of Ship Letters, and of Letters in Great Britain.

154. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

155. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Temporary Fourth Part of the Duties payable in Scotland upon Distillers Wash, Spirits and Licences imposed by an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty; and for enabling His Majesty by Order in Council to modify the Operations of the said Act, or reduce the Duties thereby imposed.

156. An Act to amend the Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

157. An Act for the better Examination of Witnesses in the Courts of Equity in Ireland, and for empowering the Courts of Law and Equity in Ireland to grant Commissions for taking Affidavits in all Parts of Great Britain.

158. An Act to enable Grand Juries to present additional Sums for Constables in Ireland, and for the secure Conveyance of Prisoners.

159. An Act to amend several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches; for authorizing the licensing of an additional Number of Hackney Chariots; and for licensing Carriages drawn by One Horse.

160. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more effectual Manning of His Majesty's Navy during the present War.

161. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, to amend and regulate the Assessment and Collection of the Assessed Taxes, and of the Rates and Duties on Profits arising on Property, Prosessions, Trades and Offices, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

162. An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Epsom Salt.

163. An Act to regulate the issuing of Licences to allow Open Boats to proceed to Foreign Parts, and for revoking the same when necessary.

164. An Act to exonerate, in certain Cases, Foreign Spirits imported during the Suspension of the Spirit Intercourse between Great Britain and Ireland, from the additional Duty imposed thereon.

165. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain Cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

166. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

167. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

168. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Militias of Great Britain and Ireland.

169. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen.

170. An Act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for better regulating the Office of Agent General for Volunteers and Local Militia, and for the more effectually regulating the same.

171. An Act to continue for One Year certain Acts for the better Prevention and Punishment of Attempts to seduce Persons serving in His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land from their Duty and Allegiance to His Majesty, or to incite them to Mutiny or Disobedience.

172. An Act to provide for the Support of Captured Slaves during the Period of Abjudication.

173. An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France.

174. An Act to extend the Exemption granted by Law on Coals and Culm for which the Coast Duties have been duly paid, on being again exported and carried to any other Place in this Kingdom, to Cinders or Coked Coals burnt from Pit Coal, which has paid the Coast Duties.

175. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation.

176. An Act for allowing certain Tiles to be made Duty-free to serve for Draining.

177. An Act for the further Prevention of Frauds in the Manufacture of Sweets.

178. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. 914.

179. An Act to revive, amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of an Act of the Forty first Year of His present Majesty as allows the Use of Salt, Duty-free, for curing Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to repeal certain Laws relating to the Allowance of Salt, Duty-free, for the North Seas and Iceland Fisheries. Ibid

180. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

181. An Act for charging an additional Duty on certain Seeds imported.

182. An Act to authorize the Directors General of Inland Navigation in Ireland to proceed in carrying on and completing the Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.

183. An Act to repeal the Bounties payable in Ireland on the Exportation of certain Calicoes and Cottons.

184. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on Fire Insurances, and on Legacies and Successions to Personal Estate upon Intestacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 924.

185. An Act for repealing the Stamp Office Duties on Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers, Gold and Silver Plate, Stage Coaches and Licences for keeping Stage Coaches, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

186. An Act for granting an additional Sum of Money for providing a suitable Residence and Estate for the Duke of Wellington and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent and signal Services performed by the said Duke to His Majesty and the Public.

187. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

188. An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant to John Francis Erskine of Mar Esquire, and His Heirs and Assigns, the Feu Duties and Quit Rents arising in the Lordship of Stirling, in Discharge of a Debt of greater Value created upon the said Feu Duties by a grant from His Majesty King George the First.

189. An Act for allowing Henry Meux, Thomas Starling Benson, Florance Thomas Young, Richard Latham and John Newberry, to brew Duty-free a Quantity of Strong Beer, the Duty on which will be equivalent to the Duty on the Beer lost, and to the Duties on the Malt and Hops expended in the Production of the Beer so lost.

190. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of The Crown, so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock; and for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest.

191. An Act to authorize the Appointment of Commissioners for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port and Harbour of Dublin.

192. An Act to remove certain Difficulties in the Disposition of Copyhold Estates by Will.

193. An Act to enable His Majesty, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to regulate the Trade and Commerce carried on between His Majesty's Subjects and the Inhabitants of the United States of America.

194. An Act for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales.

195. An Act for exonerating the Estates and Effects of the late

Sir James Colebrooke, the late Sir George Colebrooke, Arnold Nesbit, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Adam Drummond and Moses Franks, and of their Sureties, from all Claims and Demands whatsoever in respect of any Contracts entered into with His Majesty's Government.

196. An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Six Millions for the Service of Great Britain.

