Acts passed in 1816, 56 George 3 c.1 - c.142.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1816.
---

1. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain.

2. An Act to retire and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

4. An Act for raising the Sum of Eleven Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

5. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to grant conditional Pardons to Persons under Sentence of Naval Courts Martial, and to regulate Imprisonment under such Sentence.

6. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Perrsons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Resif=dence of such Persons on their Benefices, in England.

7. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight.

8. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope.

9.An Act for charging certain Duties on Foreign Packets or Passage Vessels entering, or departing any of the Ports of Great Britain.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

12. An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

13. An Act for the Naturalization of His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld; and settling his Precedence.

14. An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance the Sum of Six Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

15. An Act to carry into effect a Convention of Commerce, concluded between His Majesty and The United States of America.

16. An Act for better regulating the Offices of Receivers of Crown Rents.

17. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

18. An Act to suspend, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty on Lead exported from Great Britain.

19. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, an Act of the Forty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on double refined Sugar exported.

20. An Act to make further Provision for the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Revenues, Matters and Things under the Management of the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, and of the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland.

21. An Act to revive and continue, until Two Years after the Expiration of the Restrictions upon Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, an Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum, in England.

22. An Act for the more effectually detaining in Custody Napoleon Buonaparte.

23. An Act for regulating the Intercourse with the Island of Saint Helena, during the time Napoleon Buonaparte shall be detained there; and for indemnifying Persons in the cases therein mentioned.

24. An Act for better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for the Establishment of Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta, and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Duke of Saxe, Margrave of Meissen, Landgrave of Thuringuen, Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

25. An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Butter.

26. An Act for charging certain Duties on the Importation of Cheese.

27. An Act to amend several Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders; to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 74.

28. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

29. An Act to make perpetual certain Temporary or War Duties of Customs, on the Importation into Great Britain of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to repeal so much of several Acts passed in the Forty seventh. Forty ninth and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as charge any Loans made for the Service of the Years One thousand eight hundred and seven, One thousand eight hundred and nine, ana One thousand eight hundred and eleven. Upon the War Duties of Customs or Excise, and to charge such Loans on the Duties of Customs made perpetual.

30. An Act for indemnifying the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, and all Persons who may have acted under their Authority, in relation to certain Orders issued and Things done relative to certain Acts regarding the Distilleries in Scotland.

31. An Act for transferring all Contracts and Securities entered into with or given to the Commissioners for Transports to the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling.

32. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

33. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

34. An Act to charge an additional Duty on Corks, ready made, imported into Great Britain.

35. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Collection of the Tonnage Duty upon Ships Inwards; for empowering the Lords of the Treasury to regulate the Hours of Officers' Attendance in the Port of London; and for permitting Ships to commence and complete their loading of Coals before the Delivery of the Fitters' Certificates.

36. An Act to repeal Two Acts passed in the Reign of King Edward the Fourth and King Richard the Third, which prohibit the Importation of Wrought Goods and certain other Articles.

37. An Act to permit the Importation of Prunes the Produce of Germany.

36. An Act to empower His Majesty to suspend the Ballot or Enrolment for the Local Militia.

39. An Act to reduce the Number of Days of Muster or Exercise of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry.

40. An Act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions contained in the several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

41. An Act for raising the Sum of Two Millions four hundred and seventy thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

42. An Act for raising the Sum of One million seven hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

43. An Act for making certain Allowances of the Duties payable on Malt and Beer.

44. An Act to repeal the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks of Excise, on Hard Soap made in Great Britain and imported from Ireland; and to grant other Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

45. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Local Militia in Great Britain, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

46. An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List.

47. An Act for raising the Sum of One million two hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

48. An Act to continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

49. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates.

50. An Act to regulate the Sale of Farming Stock taken in Execution.

51. An Act to amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to carry into Effect a Convention of Commerce concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America.

52. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

53. An Act to amend and render more effectual Three several Acts passed in the Forty eighth. Forty ninth, and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

54. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Balls, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

55. An Act to amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting the Sum of Five hundred thousand rounds for promoting Inland Navigation, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and to enlarge the Powers vested in the Directors of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland.

56. An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collection and Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof; and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties.

57. An Act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Tates in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, and to provide for the more effectual Collection of the said Rates, Duties and Taxes.

58. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for allowing the Manufacture and Use of a Liquor prepared from Sugar for colouring Porter.

59. An Act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in Ireland, and certain Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

60. An Act to authorize the transferring Stock upon which Dividends shall remain unclaimed for the Space of at least Ten Years at the Bank of England, and also all Lottery Prizes or Benefits, and Balances of Sums issued for paying the Principals of Stocks or Annuities, which shall not have been demanded for the same Period, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

61. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

62. An Act for erecting an Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin.

63. An Act to regulate the General Penitentiary for Convicts, at Millbank in the County of Middlesex.

64. An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Militia of Great Britain, and to amend other Acts relating thereto.

65. An Act to explain and amend the Acts for granting Duties on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, so far as extend to the due Assessment and Collection of the Duties for past Years; for confirming certain Abatements already made of the said Duties, and exempting Collectors' Bonds from the Stamp Duties.

66. An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses, used for the Purposes therein mentioned, for Two Years; and for repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children.

67. An Act to enable such Officers, Marines and Soldiers, as have been in the Land or Sea Service, or in the Marines, or in the Militia, or any Corps of Fencible Men, since the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to exercise Trades.

68. An Act to provide for a New Silver Coinage, and to regulate the Currency of the Gold and Silver Coin of this Realm.

69. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth. Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

70. An Act to alter and amend several Acts relating to the Redemption of the National Debt of Ireland, and to make further Provision in respect thereof.

71. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for discharging certain Arrears of Quit, Crown and Composition Rents in Ireland.

72. An Act to continue and amend so much of an Act of the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign for authorizing the billetting and subjecting to Military Discipline certain Yeomanry Corps and Officers of Cavalry or Infantry, as relates to such Corps in Ireland.

73. An Act for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders dealing Property from Mines.

74. An Act for the Purchase of certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at Sheerness and Chatham, in the County of Kent, for the Use of the Navy.

75. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs upon the Importation into the United Kingdom of Rape Seed and Cole Seed, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof. 404.

76. An Act for repealing the several Bounties on the Exportation of Refined Sugar, from any Part of the United Kingdom, and for allowing other bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

77. An Act to repeal certain Duties granted by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repealing the Provisions of former Acts granting exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company.

78. An Act for the better regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds therein.

79. An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Rape Seed Cakes, Linseed Cakes, Bones of Cattle and other Animals, and of Fish, except Whale Fins, imported into Great Britain; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

80. An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy resident on Foreign Stations to grant Certificates of Stores or Goods, which may be sold by such Officers or Commissioners at such Foreign Stations.

81. An Act to alter the Period during which Manufacturers of Oil of Vitriol are to deliver in their Accounts.

82. An Act to render valid the judicial Acts of Surrogates of Vice Admiralty Courts abroad, during Vacancies in Offices of Judges of such Courts.

83. An Act for regulating the carrying of Passengers to and from the Island of Newfoundland and Coast of Labrador.

84. An Act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour of Holyhead, in the island of Anglesea; and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein.

85. An Act to make further Regulations for securing the Collection of the Duties of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for the Importation into Ireland of American Staves, and of old Plate and Books from Great Britain.

86. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases, for Two Years from the passing of this Act, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which the said Two Years shall expire, if Parliament shall be then sitting.

87. An Act to regulate Proceedings of Grand Juries in Ireland, upon Bills of Indictment.

88. An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding, and defaulting Tenants; and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress.

89. An Act to provide for the Charge of certain Additions to the Public Debt of Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

90. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain, and of the Miners of Cornwall and Devon; and for granting Allowances, in certain cases, to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seventeen.

91. An Act to regulate the Trade of the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo; to allow the Importation into, and Exportation from, such Colonies, of certain Articles, by Dutch Proprietors of the European Dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands; and to repeal an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting a Trade between the United Provinces and certain Colonies in His Majesty's Possession.

92. An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the United States of America.

93. An Act for enabling the Officers of the Customs at Creeks, Harbours and Basins of Great Britain, to take Entries of Ships and Goods arriving from and bound to Ireland.

94. An Act to allow Makers of Oxygenated Muriatic Acid to take crushed Rock Salt, Duty free, for making such Acid or Oxymuriate of Lime, for bleaching Linen and Cotton.

95. An Act to authorize such Person as His Majesty shall appoint to transfer a certain Sum in Three Pounds per Cent. Reduced Annuities, now standing in the Name of the dissolved College of Hertford, in the University of Oxford; and also to receive Dividends due upon such Annuities.

96. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen.

97. An Act to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, a Proportion of the Balance that shall remain from time to time in the Bank of England for the Payment of Dividends on account of the Public Debt, for Lottery Prizes or Benefits not claimed, and Principals of Stocks and Annuities remaining unclaimed. Page 490.

98. An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland; and to provide for the Application thereof to the General Service of the United Kingdom.

99. An Act to vest the Elgin Collection of ancient Marbles and Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Museum for the Use of the Public.

100. An Act for more effectually securing the Liberty of the Subject.

101. An Act for enabling the Officers in His Majesty's Navy, and their Representatives, to draw for and receive their Half Pay; and for transferring the Duty of making certain Payments from the Clerks of the Cheque at His Majesty's Dock Yards to the Clerks of the Treasurer of the Navy at the same Yards.

102. An Act to amend the Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; and to give further Powers to the Court appointed by the said Act.

103. An Act for further securing the Duties on Paper and Pasteboard; and for repealing the Countervailing Duty upon Pasteboard imported from Ireland, and the Drawback upon Pasteboard exported; and granting other Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

104. An Act for the making more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and rewarding Officers and Persons making Seizures and capturing Smuggling Vessels; for licensing Luggers employed in the North Sea Fishery; and obliging Exporters of Exciseable Goods on Drawback to give Notice of Shipment.

105. An Act to amend and continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and to grant and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks on Spirits imported and exported between England and Scotland and Ireland respectively.

106. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland, upon Wash and Spirits and Distillers' Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn for Home Consumption in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

107. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to Stamp Duties in Great Britain, so far as relates to Inventories to be exhibited and recorded in any Commissary Court in Scotland.

108. An Act to repeal certain Drawbacks and Countervailing Duties of Excise on Beer and Malt; to alter the Drawbacks on Plate Glass, and to prevent Frauds therein.

109. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

110. An Act for the further Regulation of the Trades of Tanners and Carriers.

111. An Act to repeal Part of the Duty on Spirits distilled in Ireland, to reduce the Drawback on such Spirits exported to Foreign Parts, and to make further Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties and the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous and other Liquors in Ireland.

112. An Act to make certain Provisions for modifying the several Acts for imposing and levying of Fines, in respect of unlawful Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

113. An Act for repealing the Duties payable for Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, Cyder, Percy or Spirits in Great Britain, and for imposing other Duties in lieu thereof.

114. An Act to regulate the Conveyance of Passengers from the United Kingdom to the United States of America, in British Vessels.

115. An Act for ratifying the Purchase of the Claremont Estate, and for settling the same as a Residence for Her Royal Highness the Princess Charlotte Augusta and His Serene Highness Leopold George Frederick Prince of Cobourg of Saalfeld.

116. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Abolition of Gaol and other Fees connected with the Gaols in England.

117. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for the safe Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences.

118. An Act for admitting Oil and Blubber from the British Colonies in North America, upon Payment of the like Duty as Oil and Blubber from Newfoundland.

119. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion in relation to the Transportation of Offenders.

120. An Act to procure Annual Returns of Persons committed, tried and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors in Ireland.

121. An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

122. An Act to make Provision for securing, for a Time to be limited, the Profits of the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

123. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms, and for enforcing the Residence of such Persons on their Benefices in England.

124. An Act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, Two Acts of the Fiftieth and Forty fifth Years of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster.

125. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons riotously destroying or damaging Buildings, Engines and Machinery, used in and about Collieries and other Mines, Waggon Ways, Bridges and other Works, used in conveying and shipping Coals and other Minerals; and for enabling the Owners of such Property to recover Damages for the Injury sustained.

126. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

127. An Act to reduce the Duty on the Exportation from Great Britain of Small Coals of a certain Description.

128. An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park to Charing Cross; and for paving the Streets to be made in Mary le bone Park; and to enable His Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Scites for Public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries within the Bills of Mortality.

129. An Act to repeal certain Provisions in Local Acts for the Maintenance and Management of the Poor.

130. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled 'An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons; and to Houses of Correction;' and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

131. An Act to revive and continue, until the Fifteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

132. An Act for enlarging the time for making the Award respecting His Majesty's Allotments under an Act of the Fifty, third Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Windsor Forest; and for extending the Provisions of the said Act.

133. An Act for making Provision to defray the Annual Charge of any Loan of this Session of Parliament.

134. An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals consumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall.

133. An Act for authorizing the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland to order the Payment of a certain Sum of Money to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal.

136. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, escheated and devolved to His Majesty by the Dissolution of Hertford College, in the University of Oxford, and the Site of the said College and Buildings thereon, to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, in Trust for the Principal and other Members of Magdalen Hall, for the Purpose of their removing to such Site; and to enable the said Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University, and the President and Scholars of Saint Mary Magdalen College, to do all necessary Acts for such Removal.

137. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act for the better Relief of the Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts.

138. An Act to abolish the Punishment of the Pillory, except in certain cases.

139. An Act to regulate the binding of Parish Apprentices.

140. An Act for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer, called Siler's Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarke's Hydrometer.

141. An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporate Bodies, under certain Circumstances, to alienate Lands for enlarging Cemeteries or Churchyards.

142. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

