Public Acts passed in 1818, 58 George 3 c.1 - c.101.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1818.
---

1. An act to repeal an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act to continue an Act to empower His Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as His Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against His Person and Government.

2. An act to suspend, until the End of the present Session of Parliament, the Operation of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to provide for the more deliberate investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Preferments.

3. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

4. An act for raising the Sum of Thirty Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

5. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

6. An act for indemnifying Persons who, since the Twenty sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, have acted in apprehending, imprisoning or detaining in Custody Persons suspected of High Treason or Treasonable Practices, and in the Suppression of tumultuous and unlawful Assemblies.

7. An act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in advising, issuing or carrying into Execution any Order or Orders for permitting the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities in Foreign Bottoms into and out of certain of His Majesty's West India Islands.

8. An act to authorize the Governors of the Hospital of King Charles the Second for ancient and maimed Officers and Soldiers of the Army of Ireland, (usually called the Royal Hospital at Kilmainham, ) to suspend or take away the Pensions of such Pensioners of the said Hospital as shall be guilty of any Fraud in respect of Prize Money or Pensions, or of any other gross Misconduct.

9. An act to further continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

10. An act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto.

11. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

13. An act for charging Duties on Licences for retailing Aqua Vita in Scotland.

14. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

15. An act to amend an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights, so far as relates to the Oaths thereby required to be taken.

16. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned.

17. An act for charging certain Duties on Four wheeled Carriages constructed and drawn in the manner therein described.

18. An act to charge an additional Duty on Corks ready made, imported into Ireland.

19. An act to allow for Three Years, and until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament, the Importation into Ports specially appointed by His Majesty, within the Provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of the Articles therein enumerated, and the Re-exportation thereof from such Ports.

20. An act for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole.

21. An act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, several Laws relating to the Duties on Glass made in Great Britain; and to prohibit the making of Smalts within a certain Distance of any other Glass House, or by the Maker of any other Kind of Glass.

22. An act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

23. An act for raising the Sum of Three Millions, by the Transfer of certain Three Pounds per Centum Annuities into other Annuities, at the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum; and for granting Annuities to discharge certain Exchequer Bills.

24. An act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Hesse, in case she shall survive His said Royal Highness.

25. An act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cumberland, in case of her surviving His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland.

26. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts made in the Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, and to amend the same.

27. An act to permit the Importation of certain Articles into His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, or on the Continent of South America; and also certain Articles into certain Ports in the West Indies.

28. An act to repeal an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for establishing the Use of an Hydrometer called Sikes's Hydrometer, in ascertaining the Strength of Spirits, instead of Clarke's Hydrometer; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

29. An act for regulating the Payment of Fees for Pardons under the Great Seal.

30. An act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Actions of Assault and Battery, and for slanderous Words in Courts.

31. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His Majesty's Reign, to make further Regulations for the building and repairing of Court Houses and Sessions Houses in Ireland.

32. An act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Salaries of Clergymen officiating as Chaplains in Houses of Correction.

33. An act to alter the Allowance for broken Plate Glass, and to exempt Manufacturers of certain Glass Wares from Penalties for not being licensed.

34. An act to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from any Part of the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported.

35. An act to provide for the maintaining of the Royal Canal from the River Liffey to the River Shannon in Ireland.

36. An act to carry into Execution a Treaty made between His Majesty and the King of Spain, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves.

37. An act for further continuing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act of the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, to continue the Restrictions, contained in several Acts of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

38. An act to extend and render more effectual the present Regulations for the Relief of Seafaring Men and Boys, Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Foreign Parts.

39. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants, and for the Protection of the Tenant from undue Distress.

40. An act to continue the Laws now in force relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

41. An act to amend an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper in Ireland, and to allow a Drawback of the Duty on Paper used in printing certain Books at the Press of Trinity College, Dublin.

42. An act for enabling the Trustee of certain Premises at Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, held in Trust for His Majesty, to execute a Conveyance of the same to a Purchaser thereof.

43. An act for preventing the Destruction of the Breed of Salmon, and Fish of Salmon Kind, in the Rivers of England.

44. An act to alter the Application of Part of the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds granted by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle.

45. An act for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

46. An act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates, to be purchased with Trust Monies, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

47. An act to establish Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of infectious Fevers in Ireland.

48. An act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament to encourage the Establishment of Banks for Savings, in England.

49. An act to explain Three Acts, passed in the Forty sixth, Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of His Majesty's Reign, respectively, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

50. An act to amend and continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties payable in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits, and Distillers' Licences; to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to establish further Regulations for the Distillation of Spirits from Corn, for Home Consumption, in Scotland.

51. An act to amend certain Acts passed in the Fourth Year of King Edward the Fourth; First and Tenth Years of Queen Anne; First, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of King George the First; Thirteenth, Twenty second and Twenty ninth Years of King George the Second; and Thirteenth and Fifty seventh Years of King George the Third; prohibiting the Payment of the Wages of Workmen in certain Trades otherwise than in the lawful Coin or Money of this Realm.

52. An act to continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

53. An act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, and to settle an Annuity on the Princess of Leiningen, in case she shall survive his said Royal Highness.

54. An act to grant certain Rates, Duties and Taxes in Ireland, in respect of Fire Hearths, Windows, Male Servants, Horses, Carriages and Dogs, in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes thereon; and to provide for the Payment thereof to the Collectors of Excise; and for the more effectual accounting for the same.

55. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties of Customs on Madder, imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

56. An act to make perpetual an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain.

57. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting Duties of Excise in Ireland upon certain Licences, and for securing the Payment of such Duties and the regulating the issuing of such Licences.

58. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and for granting Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen.

59. An act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

60. An act to Continue, until Three Months after the ceasing of any Restriction imposed on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payment, the several Acts for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

61. An act for the better Accommodation of His Majesty's Packets within the Harbour on the North Side of the Hill of Howth, and for the better Regulation of the Shipping therein.

62. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, Two Acts of His present Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster.

63. An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to permit the Importation of Tobacco from any Place whatever.

64. An act to make further Regulations respecting the Payment of Navy Prize Money, and to authorize the Governors of Greenwich Hospital to pay over certain Shares of Prize Money due to Russian Seamen to His Excellency the Russian Ambassador.

65. An act for repealing the Duties of Excise on Verjuice and Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for more effectually securing the Duties of Excise on Vinegar or Acetous Acid.

66. An act to empower any Three or more of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to exercise all the Powers and Authorities given to the said Commissioners by any Act or Acts of Parliament.

67. An act to provide for the more deliberate Investigation of Presentments to be made by Grand Juries for Roads and Public Works in Ireland, and for accounting for Money raised by such Presentments.

68. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain cases; and for taking away the Book in all cases; and for repealing Part of the Statute for transporting Felons; as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of another; and more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny from the Person.

69. An act for the Regulation of Parish Vestries.

70. An act for repealing such Parts of several Acts as allow pecuniary and other Rewards on the Conviction of Persons for Highway Robbery, and other Crimes and Offences; and for facilitating the Means of prosecuting Persons accused of Felony and other Offences.

71. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

72. An act for improving and completing the Harbour of Dunmore, in the County of Waterford, and rendering it a fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

73. An act for regulating the Payment of regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service, and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers.

74. An act for the further Regulation of Payments of Pensions to Soldiers upon the Establishments of Chelsea and Kilmainham.

75. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Offences connected with the unlawful Destruction and Sale of Game.

76. An act to subject Foreigners to Arrest and Detention for Smuggling within certain Distances of any of the Dominions of His Majesty; for regulating Rewards to the Seizing Officers, according to the Tonnage of Vessels or Boats seized and condemned; and for the further Prevention of the Importation of Tea without making due Entry thereof with the Officers of Customs and Excise.

77. An act to repeal the Duty upon Rock Salt delivered for feeding or mixing with the Food of Cattle, and imposing another Duty, and making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

78. An act to make further Provision for the better securing the Collection of the Duties on Malt, and to amend the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland.

79. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for granting Duties on Auctions in Ireland.

80. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Transfer of Capital from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland.

81. An act for extending to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland certain Provisions of the Parliament of Great Britain in relation to Executors under the Age of Twenty one Years, and to Matrimonial Contracts.

82. An act to prevent Frauds in the Sale of Grain in Ireland.

83. An act to amend and reduce into One Act the several Laws relating to the manner in which the East India Company are required to hire Ships.

84. An act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of certain Marriages had and solemnized within the British Territories in India.

85. An act to carry into Execution a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of Portugal, for the preventing Traffic in Slaves.

86. An act for raising the Sum of Eleven millions six hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

87. An act for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills, in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

88. An act to amend Two Acts made in the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed for carrying the said Acts into Execution in Ireland.

89. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, as requires the Attendance of Magistrates on board Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations or to Foreign Parts.

90. An act to alter and amend certain of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An act to provide for the Administration of the Royal Authority, and for the Care of His Majesty's Royal Person, during the Continuance of His Majesty's Illness; and for the Resumption of the Exercise of the Royal Authority by His Majesty.

91. An act for appointing Commissioners to inquire concerning Charities in England for the Education of the Poor.

92. An act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of several Acts, passed in the Fifty first and Fifty second Years respectively of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling Wives and Families of Soldiers to return to their Homes.

93. An act to afford Relief to the bond side Holders of Negotiable Securities, without Notice that they were given for a usurious Consideration.

94. An act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and to amend an Act passed in Ireland, in the Thirty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement and Extension of the Fisheries on the Coasts of Ireland.

95. An act to regulate the Election of Coroners for Counties.

96. An act to continue, for the Term of Two Years, and until the End of the Session of Parliament in which that Term shall expire, if Parliament shall be then sitting, an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain cases.

97. An act to prevent Aliens, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain cases.

98. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Fifty first Year of His Majesty's Reign, for rendering more effectual an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of His Majesty's Reign, for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

99. An act for altering and amending an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown, so far as relates to the Great Forest of Brecknock, in the County of Brecknock; and for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the said Forest, and for inclosing the said Forest.

100. An act for vesting in His Majesty certain Parts of the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and of certain Commonable Lands and Open Uninclosed Grounds in the Township of Edwinstowe, within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham.

101. An act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eighteen.

