Public Acts passed in 1820, 1 George 4 c.1 - c.119.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1820.
---

1. An act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

2. An act to enable His Majesty to be Governor of the South Sea Company.

3. An act for the Removal of Doubts as to the Continuance of Three Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

4. An act for punishing criminally Drivers of Stage Coaches and Carriages for Accidents occasioned by their wilful Misconduct.

5. An act to enable Courts of Equity in Ireland to compel a Transfer of Stock in Suits, without making the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or any Canal Company, Party thereto.

6. An act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An act to repeal so much of several Acts as requires Bonds to be given to His Majesty in certain Cases, and the taking of certain Oaths in Matters relating to the Revenue of Customs, and to prevent Fees being offered or given to Officers and other Persons in the Service of the Customs.

8. An act to allow a Drawback on Goods, Wares and Merchandise imported into any British Colony or Plantation in America, on the Exportation thereof to any Foreign Country to which they may be legally exported.

9. An act for granting the Privileges of British Ships to Vessels built at Malta, Gibraltar and Heligoland, and certain of those Privileges to Vessels built in the British Settlements at Honduras.

10. An act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

11. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from The Cape of Good Hope, and for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

12. An act to extend several Acts for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandise to Morant Bay, in the Island of Jamaica.

13. An act for funding Exchequer Bills to a certain Amount, and for raising a Sum of Money by way of Annuities, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

14. An act to repeal the Drawback on certain Gold Articles exported; and to permit the Exportation of Cordage, entitled to Bounty, free from Right of Preemption by the Commissioners of the Navy.

15. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

16. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to continue certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

17. An act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by way of Annuities.

18. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalised, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases.

19. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

20. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

21. An act to enable the Chief Justice of the King's Bench, or in his Absence any Judge of the same Court, to try Middlesex Issues at Nisi Prius elsewhere than in Westminster Hall.

22. An act for raising a Loan of Twelve Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

23. An act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

24. An act to amend and continue, until the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Preservation of the Peace, by enforcing the Duties of Watching and Warding.

25. An act to repeal Part of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relative to the Manufacture of Sail Cloth.

26. An act for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Coasting Trade of Ireland.

27. An act to regulate the Appointment and Tenure of the Office of Clerk of the Peace in Ireland.

28. An act to repeal an Act made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for regulating the Fees of Coroners in Ireland, upon holding Inquisitions, and to make other Provisions for that Purpose.

29. An act to enlarge the Powers of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

30. An act for relieving Ewart Rutson and Company of Liverpool, and others, from the Bonds granted for the Duties on certain Spirits accidentally destroyed.

31. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty nine Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

32. An act to permit the Importation of Coffee from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in America into the Port of Bridgetown in Barbadoes.

33. An act to amend and continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the allowing Vessels employed in the said Fisheries to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports.

34. An act for further continuing, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty as permits Subjects of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands to import and export certain Articles into and from the Colonies of Demerara, Berbice and Essequibo, in Ships not of the Built of the Dominions of His said Majesty.

35. An act for the better securing Monies and Effects paid into the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, on account of the Suitors of the said Court, and for the Appointment of an Accountant General and Two Masters of the said Court; and for other Purposes.

36. An act for allowing Appeals from Towns Corporate and Franchises, in certain Cases, to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the Counties in which they are situate.

37. An act to increase the Power of Magistrates in the Appointment of Special Constables.

38. An act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

39. An act for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorising the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there.

40. An act to amend and explain an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to enable certain Persons to recover a just Compensation for the Tithes withheld from them in the Years One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven and One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

41. An act to extend the Benefit of Two Acts, made in the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for amending the Law of Ireland respecting the Recovery of Tenements from absconding, overholding and defaulting Tenants.

42. An act to authorise a Composition for the Debt remaining due to His Majesty from the late Abraham Goldsmid Merchant, and his surviving Partners.

43. An act to amend the Laws relating to Smuggling, and the Coasting Trade in Great Britain.

44. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

45. An act to continue certain Duties on several Articles, the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other.

46. An act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

47. An act to revive and to continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts, made in the Forty seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland.

48. An act to revive and continue for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Laws relating to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland.

49. An act to amend the Laws relating to the House of Industry in Dublin.

50. An act to carry into Effect certain Licences, permitting the Removal of Negro Slaves from the Bahama Islands to Demerara.

51. An act to regulate the rebuilding of the Town of Saint John's in Newfoundland, and for indemnifying Persons giving up Ground for that Purpose.

52. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Masts, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber fit for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America.

53. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, as allows Santa Maria Wood and Teake Wood to be imported free of Duty.

54. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, Two Acts of the Forty fifth and Fiftieth Years of His late Majesty, allowing the bringing of Coals, Culm and Cinders to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation.

55. An act for giving further Facilities to the Proceedings in the Court of King's Bench, and for giving certain Powers to Justices of Assize.

56. An act for the summary Punishment, in certain Cases, of Persons wilfully or maliciously damaging or committing Trespasses on public or private Property.

57. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to abolish the Punishment of public Whipping on Female Offenders, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof.

58. An act for the better securing the Excise Duties on Paper and Pasteboard.

59. An act to amend, revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, an Act of the Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Separation of damaged from sound Coffee, and for permitting Dealers to send out any Quantity of Coffee, not exceeding Eight Pounds Weight, without Permit.

60. An act to amend and continue Two Acts passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for authorising the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to extend the Powers of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in Great Britain.

61. An act to charge additional Duties on the Importation of certain Articles into the Isle of Man, and to regulate the Trade of the said Island.

62. An act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for staying Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; for continuing certain Duties; and for empowering the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

63. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Twenty ninth Year of King George the Second, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and for taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

64. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, to repeal the several Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from the United Kingdom, and to allow other Bounties in lieu thereof, and to reduce the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported.

65. An act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad, and in the Settlements of The Cape of Good Hope.

66. An act to continue, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames.

67. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Low Duties on Coals and Culm carried coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales.

68. An act for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Exchequer Chamber in Ireland.

69. An act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for erecting a Harbour for Ships to the Eastward of Dunleary, within the Port of Dublin; and to provide for the Erection of a Western Pier to the said Harbour of Dunleary.

70. An act for improving the Roads between London and Chirk, in the County of Denbigh, by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury.

71. An act to enlarge the Time and Powers for carrying the New Street Act into Execution; and to extend the Provisions of an Act, for ratifying an Agreement made with Lord Gage, and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown.

72. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

73. An act to extend the Period allowed to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes, and to give further Relief in certain cases therein mentioned.

74. An act to grant certain Duties in Scotland upon Wash and Spirits made from Corn or Grain, and upon Licences for making and keeping of Stills; and to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Distillation of such Spirits for Home Consumption; and for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland.

75. An act for charging a Duty of Excise on certain Sorts of unmanufactured Tobacco imported into Great Britain from the Place of its Growth.

76. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, as prohibits the Sale in England of any Spirits not being Spirits of Wine, British Brandy, British Gin, or Compounds.

77. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, several Acts for regulating the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally, to consolidate the countervailing Excise Duties payable on the Importation of Irish Spirits into Great Britain, and to amend the countervailing Excise Duties paid on the Importation of Irish Spirits from Scotland.

78. An act to reduce the Duties payable upon Licences for the Sale of Spirituous and other Liquors by Retail in certain Cities, Towns and Places in Ireland; and to amend the several Acts for securing the Payment of the Duties of Excise upon certain Licences in Ireland; and also to amend the Laws relating to Licensed Brewers in Ireland.

79. An act for making Allowances to licensed Brewers in Ireland, on account of the additional Duty on Malt used by them within a certain Period.

80. An act allowing Importers of Sugar in Ireland to give Certificates for Sugar sold by them, in lieu of Permits.

81. An act to amend several Acts made in the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works, and for other Purposes, so far as the said Acts relate to Ireland.

82. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries.

83. An act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty seventh and Fifty eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the Encouragement of Banks for Savings in England.

84. An act to regulate the Payment of Army Prize Money.

85. An act to make further Provisions respecting Naval Prize Money.

86. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent Expenses of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

87. An act for enabling Landlords more speedily to recover Possession of Lands and Tenements unlawfully held over by Tenants.

88. An act to continue, until the Thirty first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for letting to farm the Post Horse Duties, and to amend the Acts relating to the Post Horse Duties.

89. An act for imposing additional Rates and Duties on the Conveyance of Letters between Port Patrick in Scotland and Donaghadee in Ireland.

90. An act to remove Doubts, and to remedy Defects, in the Law, with respect to certain Offences committed upon the Sea, or within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty.

91. An act to authorise the Paymasters of Royal Marines to issue Pay, not exceeding a certain Sum, to the Representatives of deceased Officers and Private Men, without Probate or Administration.

92. An act for the further Prevention of forging and counterfeiting of Bank Notes.

93. An act to amend and render more effectual the Provisions of divers Acts, for securing to certain Artificers, Workmen and Labourers, in such Acts mentioned, the due Payment of their Wages.

94. An act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

95. An act for obtaining Returns from Turnpike Road Trusts of the Amount of their Revenues, and Expense of maintaining the same.

96. An act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

97. An act to revive and to continue, for One Year, the several Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

98. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

99. An act to enable the East India Company to raise and maintain a Corps of Volunteer Infantry.

100. An act for amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament, Two several Acts, passed in the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better ordering and further regulating of the Militia of the City of London.

101. An act to enable the Examination of Witnesses to be taken in India in support of Bills of Divorce on account of Adultery committed in India.

102. An act for making general the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing Property from Mines.

103. An act for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the British Fisheries.

104. An act to enable His Majesty to defray the Charge of a certain Barrack by the Grant of an Annuity on the Consolidated Fund.

105. An act to continue, for Two Years, an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

106. An act to enable Chaplains in the Navy, presented to either of the Livings of Simonbum, Wark, Bellingham, Thorneyburn, Fallstone, or Greystead, in the County of Northumberland, to receive their Half Pay; and for other Purposes relating to the said Livings.

107. An act for appropriating to the Use of the Master of the Rolls for the time being the Rents of the Rolls Estate, and the Dividends of the Funds in the Court of Chancery arising from the Surplus Rents of that Estate.

108. An act for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities upon certain Branches of the Royal Family, in lieu of Annuities which have ceased upon the Demise of His late Majesty.

109. An act to enable His Majesty to grant Pensions to Officers and Attendants upon His late Majesty, and other Persons to whom His said late Majesty had granted Pensions and Allowances.

110. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

111. An act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

112. An act for improving and completing the Harbour of Port Patrick in Scotland, so as to render the same a more fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

113. An act for granting a certain Sum of Money towards improving the Harbour of Donaghadec in Ireland, and rendering it a more fit Situation for His Majesty's Packets.

114. An act for enabling William Blackall Simonds Esquire to sell or mortgage his Estate and Interest in the Impropriate Rectory of Caversham, in the County of Oxford, free from the Claims of the Crown.

115. An act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of Elizabeth, the Fourth of George the First, the Fifth and Eighth of George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishments on certain Offences therein specified, and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences.

116. An act to repeal so much of the several Acts passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of Philip and Mary, the Eighteenth of Charles the Second, the Ninth of George the First, and the Twelfth of George the Second, as indicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified.

117. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, intituled An act for the better apprehending, prosecuting and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, Housebreaking or Robbery, in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses or Stables, or that steal Horses, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons privately stealing in any Shop, Warehouse, Coachhouse or Stable, any Goods, Wares or Merchandises of the Value of Five Shillings; and for more effectually preventing the Crime of stealing privately in Shops, Warehouses, Coachhouses or Stables.

118. An act for reducing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland.

119. An act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

