Public Acts passed in 1820, 60 George 3 & 1 George 4 c.1 - c.14.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1820.
---

1. An act to prevent the Training of Persons to the Use of Arms, and to the Practice of Military Evolutions and Exercise.

2. An act to authorise Justices of the Peace, in certain disturbed Counties, to seize and detain Arms collected or kept for purposes dangerous to the Public Peace; to continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

3. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty.

4. An act to prevent Delay in the Administration of Justice in Cases of Misdemeanor.

5. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to make further Provision for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein.

6. An act for more effectually preventing Seditious Meetings and Assemblies; to continue in force until the End of the Session of Parliament next after Five Years from the passing of the Act.

7. An act to amend an Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trial of Controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in the United Parliament for Ireland.

8. An act for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels.

9. An act to subject certain Publications to the Duties of Stamps upon Newspapers, and to make other Regulations for restraining the Abuses arising from the Publication of blasphemous and seditious Libels.

10. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorneys and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

11. An act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making further Provision touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

12. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, such Laws as may expire within a limited Period.

13. An act for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An act to remedy certain Inconveniences in local and exclusive Jurisdictions.

