Acts passed in 1821, 1 & 2 George 4 c.1 - c.123.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1821.
---

1. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for Her Majesty the Queen.

2. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His Late Majesty, for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole.

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits and Sweets, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

4. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

5. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

6. An Act to continue for Two Years from the passing thereof, to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain.

7. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, to allow the Importation into certain Ports in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of certain enumerated Articles, and the Re-exportation thereof from such Ports.

8. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for staying Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; for continuing certain Duties; and for empowering the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, the Bounties on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat.

12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Twenty third Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

13. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to continue certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass, and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

14. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

15. An Act to authorize the Transfer of Stocks, and Payment of Dividends, of Lunatics residing out of England.

16. An Act for further facilitating the Despatch of Business in the Court of King's Bench.

17. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for better regulating the Payment of Fees of Attornies and Solicitors, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, against Witchcraft and Sorcery.

19. An Act to permit the Removal of certain Goods from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, by Cocket, Certificate, Let Pass or Transire.

20. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, several Acts of His late Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned.

21. An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and to enable the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, to send Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament in lieu thereof.

22. An Act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise for securing the Payment of the Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in Great Britain.

23. An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Lands in England.

24. An Act to extend certain Provisions of an Act of King William the Third, intituled An Act for regulating of Trials in cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason, to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

25. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

26. An Act for making further Provision for the gradual Resumption of Payments in Cash by the Bank of England.

27. An Act for making further Provision for the gradual Resumption of Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

28. An Act for abolishing the African Company, and transferring to and vesting in His Majesty all the Forts, Possessions and Property now belonging to or held by them.

29. An Act to remove Doubts on the Allowances of the Duty paid on Irish Starch imported into Great Britain, payable on such Starch consumed m preparing Manufactures of Flax or Cotton in Great Britain, and for regulating the Importation thereof.

30. An Act for further improving the Roads between London and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury.

31. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Continuance of the Hereditary Revenue in Scotland.

32. An Act for declaring valid certain Indentures of Apprenticeship, and Certificates of Settlements of poor Persons, in England.

33. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and for the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences in Ireland.

34. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, and in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishment on Persons guilty of stealing to the Amount of Five Shillings out of or from Shops, Warehouses and other Outbuildings and Places, and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences.

35. An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purpose of building a Bridge over the River Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and for imposing additional Rates of Postage on Letters and Packets conveyed over the said Bridge.

36. An Act for the better Regulation of the Public Notaries in Ireland.

37. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Sorts of Wood and Timber, and certain Drawbacks or Allowances in respect of such Duties, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

38. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting certain Parts of the Proceedings in the Court of Session, and in the Court of Commissioners for Teinds, and respecting the Duties, Qualifications and Emoluments of certain Clerks and other Officers of the said Courts.

39. An Act for the better Regulation of the Courts of Admiralty in Scotland, and of certain Proceedings in the Court of Session connected therewith.

40. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, as inflicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified; and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences.

41. An Act for giving greater Facility in the Prosecution and Abatement of Nuisances arising from Furnaces used and in the working of Steam Engines.

42. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

43. An Act to defray, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

44. An Act to exclude Persons holding certain Judicial Offices in Ireland, from being Members of the House of Commons.

45. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Street and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament.

46. An Act to regulate the Attendance of Jurors at the Assizes in certain Cases.

47. An Act to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and to enable the County of York to send Two additional Knights to serve in Parliament, in lieu thereof.

48. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

49. An Act for making further Regulations in respect to the Payment by Remittance Bill of the Wages of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in the Royal Navy; and for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy.

50. An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly JBiUs of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, inhere no Assize is set; and for establishing other Provisions and Regulations relative thereto.

51. An Act to explain an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for explaining an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

52. An Act to improve the Land Revenues of the Crown, and of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, and for making Provisions and Regulations for the better Management thereof.

53. An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, and also in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

54. An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, in Ireland.

55. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Amount of Stamp Duties to be paid on Deeds and other Instruments, under the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

56. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

57. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to Prisons in Ireland.

58. An Act to regulate the Expences of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

59. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

60. An Act for exempting Ships in Ballast in the South Sea Trade from certain Tonnage Duties.

61. An Act to regulate the Appropriation of unclaimed Shares of Prize Money belonging to Soldiers or Seamen in the Service of the East India Company.

62. An Act to regulate the Times for holding the General Sessions of the Peace, in the several Counties in Ireland.

63. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are.

64. An Act to amend the Laws now in force relating to Vagrants, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

65. An Act for the further Regulation of Trade to and from Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China), and Ports or Places beyond the Limits of the said Charter, belonging to any State or Country in Amity with His Majesty.

66. An Act for regulating the Fur Trade, and establishing a Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction within certain Parts of North America.

67. An Act for extending the Drawbacks on Coals used in Mines and Smelting Works within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Coals used in draining Coal Mines in the County of Pembroke. 2S

68. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts to prevent the excessive Price of Coals, as relates to Coal Yards established at the Expence of the Public in Dublin and Cork.

69. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property, occupied for the Ordnance Service, in the principal Officers of the Ordnance; and for granting certain Powers to the said principal Officers.

70. An Act for raising a Loan of Thirteen Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

71. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty nine Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

72. An Act to establish an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency; and to empower the said Governor and Company to enlarge the Capital Stock or Fund of the said Bank to Three Millions.

73. An Act to permit, for Three Years, the Transfer from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain.

74. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprests, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

75. An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.

76. An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners and Underwiters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne.

77. An Act to abolish the Payment, by Prisoners in Ireland, of Gaol Fees, and all other Fees relating to the Commitment, Continuance, Trial or Discharge of such Prisoners, and to prevent Abuses by Gaolers, Bailing and other Officers.

78. An Act to regulate Acceptances of Bills of Exchange.

79. An Act to repeal certain Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery, and to make further Regulations relating to the said Fishery.

80. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

81. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty as requires a Registry of Wool sent Coastwise.

81 An Act for allowing to Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland, a Drawback of a Portion of the Duty on Malt used by them; and for the further Prevention of smuggling of Spirits on the Borders of Scotland and England.

83. An Act for further reducing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland.

84. An Act to grant Duties of Customs on certain Articles of Wood imported into Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties; and to amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for granting certain Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

85. An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to the assessing, levying and collecting the County Rates.

86. An Act for amending an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for enabling William Blackatt Simonds Esquire, to sell or mortgage his Estate and Interest in the Impropriate Rectory of Caversham, in the County of Oxford, free from the Claims of the Crown.

87. An Act to repeal certain Acts, passed in the Thirty first, Thirty third, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal and Flour into and from Great Britain, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof.

88. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Rescue.

89. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty King Charles the Second, as restrains the Proprietors of Wharfs between London Bridge and the Temple from erecting any Buildings or Enclosures thereon.

90. An Act to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland, and the several Establishments connected therewith.

91. An Act to grant certain Bounties on the Exportation of Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Mohair, and of Stuffs made of Mohair mixed with Worsted, the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland.

92. An Act to authorize the Exchange of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to Trusts for Charitable Purposes, for other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

93. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property, occupied by or for the Naval Service of this Kingdom, in the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and for granting certain Powers to the said principal Officers and Commissioners.

94. An Act to regulate the Importation of Rum into the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark.

95. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of tho Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

96. An Act for charging a Duty on British Spirits brought into certain Parts of the District of Lisburne in Ireland.

97. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Coasting Trade of Great Britain.

98. An Act to enable the Commissioners or Governors of Greenwich Hospital to continue to provide for the Payment of Out Pensioners of the said Hospital.

99. An Act for the Appropriation of certain Proceeds arising from the Capture of Vessels and Cargoes, the Property of the Subjects of the Kings of Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands, taken and seized in Violation of the Conventions made with those States, and for granting Bounties upon Slaves captured in such Vessels; and also for granting Indemnity to the Captors of certain Vessels taken in the Prosecution of the Slave Trade.

100. An Act for regulating the Exportation of Hops to Foreign Parts, and allowing a Drawback of the Excise Duty paid thereon.

101. An Act to extend to Ireland an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and to continue the same until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

102. An Act for altering the Drawback on Acetous Acid exported; and for exempting Tiles made for draining Lands from Duty.

103. An Act to authorize Collectors of the Customs in Ireland to bring to Account the Proceeds of Goods sold under the Provisions of the Warehousing Acts.

104. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man, so far as relates to the Quantity of Muscovado Sugar to be imported into the said Island.

105. An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to warehoused Goods.

106. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, several Acts of His late Majesty, respecting the Duties of Customs payable on Merchandize imported into Great Britain and Ireland from any Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter; and to increase the Duties payable on the Importation of Sugar from the East Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three in Great Britain, and until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four in Ireland.

107. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, as relates to the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, at Sheerness, in the County of Kent, and to vest certain Lands and Hereditaments at Gillingham in the said County, in Trustees, to be appropriated to the Public Service in the Department of the Navy.

108. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

109. An Act for better securing the Duties of Excise on Tobacco.

110. An Act for repealing the Duties imposed on Husbandry Horses, and to make perpetual several Acts for reducing the Duties on certain Horses and Mules.

111. An Act to empower the Commissioners in Great Britain for the Execution of several Acts for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, to extend the Time for the Payment of certain Advances under the said Acts.

112. An Act to grant, for the Term of Five Years, additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law, and to repeal certain other Stamp Duties in Ireland.

113. An Act to continue several Acts for the Relief of Persons compounding for Assessed Taxes from an annual Assessment, for a further Term; and to amend the Acts relating to Assessments and Compositions of Assessed Taxes.

114. An Act for the Conveyance, Surrender, and Assignment of Estates in Fee, for Lives, or Terms of Years, which shall be vested in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, in Idiots and Lunatics, not having been found such by Inquisition.

115. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relating to Bankrupts, as requires the Meetings under Commissions of Bankrupt to be holden in the Guildhall of the City of London; and for building Offices in the said City for the Meetings of the Commissioners; and for the more regular Transaction of Business in Bankruptcy.

116. An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a limited Provision to certain discharged Officers of the Customs.

117. An Act to continue an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

118. An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for One Year.

119. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence.

120. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

121. An Act to alter and abolish certain Forms of Proceedings in the Exchequer and Audit Office, relative to Public Accountants, and for making further Provisions for the Purpose of facilitating and expediting the passing of Public Accounts in Great Britain; and to render perpetual and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues.

122. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and for farther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

123. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act or this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

