Acts passed in 1822, 3 George 4 c.1 - c.127.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1822.
---

1. An act to suppress Insurrections and prevent Disturbance of the Public Peace in Ireland, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

2. An act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, such Persons as he or they shall suspect of conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government.

3. An act for indemnifying such Persons as have seized or detained any Arms or Gunpowder in Ireland, since the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, for the Preservation of the Public Peace.

4. An act to regulate the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition into Ireland, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Arms, Gunpowder and Ammunition in Ireland, for Seven Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

5. An act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, as relates to certain Expences to be incurred under the said Act.

6. An act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits and Sweets, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

7. An act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

8. An act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

9. An act for transferring several Annuities of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

10. An act to enable, in certain Cases, the Opening and Reading of Commissions under which the Judges sit upon the Circuits, after the Day appointed for holding Assizes.

11. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

12. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornes and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the last Day of Trinity Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

13. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

15. An act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for preventing Aliens from becoming naturalized, or being made or becoming Denizens, except in certain Cases.

16. An act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for amending the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

17. An act for converting Annuities and Debentures of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable at the Bank of Ireland, into new Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum.

18. An act to repeal the Excise Duty on Malt charged by an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty, to allow the said Duty on Malt in Stock, and to make Regulations for better securing the Duties on Malt.

19. An act to enable Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, when the Number of such Commissioners is less than Six, to do certain Acts heretofore done by Three or more of the same Commissioners.

20. An act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

21. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals, and for making other Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of infectious Fevers in Ireland.

22. An act to amend an Act, passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorizing the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there.

23. An act to facilitate Summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others.

24. An act for extending the Laws against Receivers of Stolen Goods to Receivers of Stolen Bonds, Bank Notes, and other Securities for Money.

25. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, an Act of the Twenty third Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; and to amend the Law in respect of the Allowances of Excise Duties on Starch and Soap used in certain Manufactures.

26. An act to reduce the Rate of Interest payable on the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service, under an Act made in the Forty eighth Year of His late Majesty.

27. An act to amend and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, so much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, as relates to additional Duties of Excise, in Great Britain, on Excise licences.

28. An act to continue, so long as the Bounties now payable on Irish Linens when exported from Ireland shall continue, the Bounties on British and Irish Linen exported.

29. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

30. An act for reducing, during the Continuance of the present Duty on Malt, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, in Scotland.

31. An act to grant Countervailing Duties, and to allow equivalent Drawbacks on Malt, Beer and Spirits imported and exported between Great Britain and Ireland.

32. An act for repealing the Duties on plain Silk Net or Tulle, and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof.

33. An act for altering and amending several Acts passed in the First and Ninth Years of the Reign of King George the First, and in the Forty first, Fifty second, Fifty sixth and Fifty seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to the Recovery of Damages committed by riotous and tumultous Assemblies and unlawful and malicious Offenders.

34. An act for the Employment of the Poor in certain Districts in Ireland.

35. An act to make perpetual, and to amend, several Acts made in the Thirty eighth, Fortieth and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Management, Support, Regulation and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and to make further Provision for the Regulation and Maintenance of the said Hospital.

36. An act to reduce the Duty of Excise on Malt made in Ireland, and certain Drawbacks in respect thereof.

37. An act to extend the Powers of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland.

38. An act for the further and more adequate Punishment of Persons convicted of Manslaughter, and of Servants convicted of robbing their Masters, and of Accessories before the Fact to Grand Larceny, and certain other Felonies.

39. An act for preventing Frauds upon Creditors, by secret Warrants of Attorney to confess Judgment.

40. An act for consolidating into One Act and amending the Laws relating to idle and disorderly Persons, Rogues and Vagabonds, incorrigible Rogues and other Vagrants, in England.

41. An act to repeal divers ancient Statutes and Parts of Statutes, so far as they relate to the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandize from and to Foreign Countries.

42. An act to repeal certain Acts, and Parts of Acts, relating to the Importation of Goods and Merchandize.

43. An act for the Encouragement of Navigation and Commerce, by regulating the Importation of Goods and Merchandize, so far as relates to the Countries or Places from whence, and the Ships in which such Importation shall be made.

44. An act to regulate the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies and other Places in America and the West Indies.

45. An act to regulate the Trade between His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies and other Parts of the World.

46. An act for the more speedy Return and Levying of Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, and Recognizances estreated.

47. An act to repeal an Act of His present Majesty, for explaining an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, to reduce the Rate of Interest without Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

48. An act to repeal certain Tonnage Duties of Customs on Ships or Vessels.

49. An act concerning the Residence of Sheriffs Depute of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark.

50. An act to extend the Period allowed to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes, and to give further Relief in certain Cases therein mentioned.

51. An act for apportioning the Burthen occasioned by the Military and Naval Pensions and Civil Superannuations, by vesting an equal Annuity in Trustees for the Payment thereof.

52. An act to grant certain Duties, in Scotland, upon Wash and Spirits made from Corn or Grain, and upon Licences for making and keeping of Stills; and to regulate the Distillation of such Spirits for Home Consumption; and for better preventing private Distillation in Scotland, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

53. An act to regulate the Manufacture and Sale of scorched or roasted Corn, Peas, Beans or Parsnips, and of Cocoa Paste, Broma and other Mixtures of Cocoa.

54. An act to repeal the Rates, Duties and Taxes payable in respect of Fire Hearths and Windows in Ireland; and to exempt certain Persons from the Tax on Dogs.

55. An act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for Seven Years.

56. An act to provide for the more effectual Regulation of certain Offices relating to the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland.

57. An act for transferring such of the Duties of the Commissioners or Governors of Kilmainham Hospital, as relate to the Management and Payment of Out Pensions, to the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital.

58. An act for enabling the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to effect Improvements in the Neighbourhood of Parliament Street and Privy Garden, within the Liberty of Westminster.

59. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, the Low Duties on Coals and Culm carried coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales.

60. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Importation of Corn.

61. An act to regulate the Performance of certain Contracts, and to authorize the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer to make Orders in Cases which may arise out of the Conversion of certain Annuities of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and for paying off such Proprietors of Five Pounds per Centum Annuities as shall dissent from receiving Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in lieu thereof.

62. An act for regulating the Fees chargeable in His Majesty's General Register House at Edinburgh, and for completing the Buildings necessary for keeping the Public Records of Scotland therein.

63. An act to authorize the Sale of Quit Rents and other Rents, and the Sale and Demise of Lands, Tithes, Tenements and Hereditaments, the Property of His Majesty in Right of the Crown, in Ireland.

64. An act to amend the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

65. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

66. An act for authorizing the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to discharge the Exchequer Bills issued to pay the Proprietors of Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, who dissented from receiving Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in lieu thereof.

67. An act to repeal so much of the Excise Licences Act of the present Session as regards the carrying on of Trade in more than One Place.

68. An act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain and Ireland, for defraying the Expence of Military and Naval Pensions and Civil Superannuations.

69. An act to enable the Judges of the several Courts of Record at Westminster, to make Regulations respecting the Fees of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of the said Courts.

70. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty three, an Act of the Thirty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and of Exchange, under a limited Sum, in England.

71. An act to prevent the cruel and improper Treatment of Cattle.

72. An act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Fifty eighth and Fifty ninth Years of His late Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

73. An act for raising a Loan of Seven millions five hundred thousand Pounds from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

74. An act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts under Joint Commissions.

75. An act to amend certain Provisions of the Twenty sixth of George the Second, for the better preventing of Clandestine Marriages.

76. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for allowing to Distillers for Home Consumption in Scotland a Drawback of a Portion of the Duty on Malt used by them.

77. An act for amending the Laws for regulating the Manner of Licensing Alehouses in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and for the more effectually preventing Disorders therein.

78. An act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies and Grants of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

79. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several endowed Schools in Ireland.

80. An act to continue, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, for suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances of the Public Peace in Ireland.

81. An act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

82. An act for reducing the Duties of Excise payable upon Salt in England, and repealing the Duties upon Salt (not being Foreign Salt,) and reducing the Duties upon Foreign Salt payable in Scotland.

83. An act to repeal the additional Duties and Drawbacks on Leather, granted and allowed by Two Acts of His late Majesty, and to grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof, and to secure the Duties on Leather.

84. An act to authorize certain temporary Advances of Money, for the Relief of the Distresses existing in Ireland.

85. An act to allow peremptory Challenge of Jurors in Criminal Trials in Scotland.

86. An act to amend Two Acts of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, and the First Year of His present Majesty, for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts.

87. An act to enable His Majesty's Court of Exchequer to sit, and the Lord Chief Baron or any other Baron of the said Court to try Middlesex Issues, elsewhere than in the Place where the Court of Exchequer is commonly kept in the County of Middlesex.

88. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes, and to regulate the Appointment of Receivers General in England and Wales.

89. An act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

90. An act to revive and continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, certain additional Bounties on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

91. An act for regulating the Mode of accounting for the Common Good and Revenues of the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

92. An act to explain an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, respecting the Enrolment of Memorials of Grants of Annuities.

93. An act for carrying into Execution an Agreement between His Majesty and the East India Company.

94. An act to provide for the Collection and Payment of the Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks granted by an Act of this present Session on Malt and other Articles imported and exported between Great Britain and Ireland.

95. An act to reduce the Rate of Duties payable in respect of certain Carriages used and employed for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire, and to make Regulations and Provisions relating to Stage Coaches and the Duties thereon.

96. An act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, relating to imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; to authorize the imposing and levying other Duties on Goods imported into the said Colony; and to suspend, for Ten Years, the Payment of Duty on the Importation of certain Goods the Produce of New South Wales.

97. An act to continue for Two Years an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

98. An act for enabling His Majesty to grant Pensions to the Servants of Her late Majesty Queen Caroline.

99. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Duties of Customs payable on British Salt imported into Ireland; to repeal the Duties on Foreign Salt imported into Ireland; and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

100. An act to incorporate the Contributors for the Erection of a National Monument in Scotland, to commemorate the Naval and Military Victories obtained during the late War.

101. An act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

102. An act to repeal an Act of the First and Second Year of His present Majesty, for facilitating the Dispatch of Business in the Court of King's Bench; and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof.

103. An act for the Appointment of Constables, and to secure the effectual Performance of the Duties of their Office, and for the Appointment of Magistrates, in Ireland, in certain Cases.

104. An act to continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, the Bounty to Vessels employed in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights; and to authorize His Majesty to alter the Times for the sailing of the said Vessels, and any of the Limitations contained in the Acts for allowing the said Bounty.

105. An act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between the Port of Liverpool in the County of Lancaster and the Isle of Man.

106. An act to continue for One Year so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, as increases the Duties payable on Sugar imported from the East Indies.

107. An act to allow, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, a Drawback of the whole of the Duties of Customs on Brimstone used and consumed in the making and preparing Oil of Vitriol or Sulphuric Acid.

108. An act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service, in any Part of the United Kingdom, in the Principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, and for granting certain Powers to the said Principal Officers in relation thereto.

109. An act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Barilla imported into the United Kingdom; and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

110. An act to amend the Laws for the Prevention of Smuggling.

111. An act to allow, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, the Exportation of Spirits distilled from Corn for Home Consumption in Scotland, to Parts beyond Seas, without Payment of the Duty of Excise chargeable thereon.

112. An act to authorise the further Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Completion of Works of a Public Nature, and for the Encouragement of the Fisheries in Ireland.

113. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty, for directing that Accounts of Increase and Diminution of Public Salaries, Pensions and Allowances, shall be annually laid before Parliament, and for regulating and controlling the granting and paying such Salaries, Pensions and Allowances.

114. An act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences, by Imprisonment with hard Labour.

115. An act to regulate the Qualification of Persons holding the Office of Coroner in Ireland.

116. An act for the more convenient and effectual registering in Ireland Deeds executed in Great Britain.

117. An act to reduce the Stamp Duties on Reconveyances of Mortgages, and in certain other Cases; and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for removing Doubts as to the Amount of certain Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

118. An act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, for amending an Act made in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Assistance of Trade and Manufactures in Ireland, by authorizing the Advance of certain Sums for the Support of Commercial Credit there.

119. An act to regulate the Trade of the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, and for other Purposes relating to the said Provinces.

120. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and Contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

121. An act to defray, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

122. An act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

123. An act to amend an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

124. An act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Years of His Majesty's Reign, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

125. An act to enable Ecclesiastical Persons, and others, in Ireland, to grant Leases of Tithes, so as to bind their Successors.

126. An act to amend the general Laws now in being for regulating Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England.

127. An act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

