Acts passed in 1824, 5 George 4 c.1 - c.115.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1824.
---

1. An act to indemnify all Persons concerned in advising, issuing or acting under a certain Order in Council, for regulating the Tonnage Duties on certain Foreign Vessels; and to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing His Majesty, under certain Circumstances, to regulate the Duties and Drawbacks on Goods imported or exported in any Foreign Vessels.

2. An act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

3. An act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

4. An act to amend an Act made in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, and also in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, in Ireland.

5. An act for enabling a Conveyance to be made of Part of a House in Lombard Street, vested in the Right Honourable Henry Frederick Lord Carteret, formerly His Majesty's Postmaster General.

6. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and fild the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

7. An act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, Two Acts of His present Majesty, for the Appointment of Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Public Revenue.

8. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending the Laws for the Improvement of Church Lands in Ireland.

9. An act to carry into Effect a Convention relating to Austrian Loans.

10. An act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Buenos Ayres, or any other Port or Ports on the Continent of South America.

11. An act for transferring several Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

12. An act to facilitate, in those Counties which are divided into Ridings or Divisions, the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the building, repairing and regulating of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales.

13. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

14. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

15. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits and Sweets, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; and for receiving the Contributions of Persons receiving Pensions and holding Offices; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

16. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

17. An act for the more effectual Suppression of the African Slave Trade.

18. An act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders; and for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables.

19. An act to provide for the future Confinement of Male Convicts, removed from the General Penitentiary, and now on board Vessels in the River Thames.

20. An act to regulate the Conveyance of Packets containing reissuable Country Bank Notes by the Post, and to charge Rates of Postage thereon; to prevent Letters and Packets being sent otherwise than by the Post; to punish Persons embezzling printed Proceedings in Parliament or Newspapers; and to allow the President of the Commissioners of Revenue Enquiry to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

21. An act to reduce the Duties on Importation of Raw and Thrown Silk, and to repeal the Prohibition on the Importation of Silk Manufactures, and to grant certain Duties thereon.

22. An act to repeal the Duties on all Articles the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, on their Importation into either Country from the other.

23. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for abolishing certain Offices, and for regulating certain other Offices, in Ireland; so far as relates to the Commissioners of the Board of Works there.

24. An act for transferring several Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, into Reduced Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum.

25. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to Burials in suppressed Monasteries, Abbeys or Convents, in Ireland; and to make further Provision with respect to the Burial, in Ireland, of Persons dissenting from the Established Church.

26. An act to remove Doubts as to certain Property formerly vested in the Barrack Department.

27. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for the better ascertaining the Amount, and securing the Payment of the Bills of Costs of Proctors, employed in carrying on and defending Suits, and transacting Business in the Hign Court of Admiralty, in His Majesty'8 Court of Prerogative, in the Court of Delegates, and in all Ecclesiastical Courts within the Kingdom of Ireland.

28. An act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the Appointment of Constables in Ireland.

29. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making more effectual Regulations for the Election, and for securing the Performance of the Duties of County Treasurers in Ireland.

30. An act to prevent the Stealing of Records, Deeds and Papers, in Ireland.

31. An act for fixing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

32. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for amending the Laws respecting the Solemnization of Marriages in England.

33. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

34. An act to reduce the Duties on Rum, the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into the United Kingdom.

35. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Acts for granting Bounties on the Exportation of refined Sugar from the United Kingdom, and for reducing the Size of the Packages in which refined Sugar may be exported.

36. An act to amend and render more effectual the several Acts for the issuing of Exchequer Bills for Public Works.

37. An act to continue for Two Years, and to amend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in or resident in this Kingdom, in certain Cases.

38. An act to amend Two Acts for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Military and Parliamentary Roads in the Highlands of Scotland.

39. An act for amending former Acts relative to the British Museum.

40. An act to continue, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, an Act relating to Duties of Excise on Crown, Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws of Excise relating to Flint Glass; and also an Act for suspending Part of the Duties on Sweets or Made Wines.

41. An act to repeal certain Duties on Law Proceedings in the Courts in Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and for better protecting the Duties payable upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

42. An act for applying the Surplus of the Grants of One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

43. An act to alter the Duties on the Importation of certain Articles, and also the Duties on Coals brought to London; to repeal the Bounties on Linens exported; and to amend the Acts relating to the Customs.

44. An act for allowing Persons to compound for their Assessed Taxes for the Remainder of the Periods of Composition limited by former Acts, and for granting Relief in certain Cases.

45. An act to authorize the issuing of Exchequer Bills for the Payment of the Proprietors of Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in England and Ireland, who have not signified their Assents under the Acts passed in this Session, for transferring such Annuities into Reduced Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum.

46. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Low Duties on Coals and Culm carried Coastwise to any Port within the Principality of Wales.

47. An act to alter the Laws relating to the Duties on the Importation, and the Prohibitions on the Exportation of Wool, and of Hare and Coney Skins.

48. An act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to sell out certain Bank Annuities now standing in their Names, and to apply the Produce thereof in part Payment of a Loan of Three hundred thousand Pounds, due to the Royal Exchange Assurance Company; and to facilitate the Sales of Fee Farm Rents, and of small Portions of the Land Revenue of the Crown; and for other Purposes.

49. An act for enabling the Commissioners for Victualling His Majesty's Navy to purchase certain Premises, for completing a Victualling Establishment at Cremill Point near Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for supplying the said Establishment with Water.

50. An act for amending an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Price and Assize of Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange.

51. An act to repeal several Laws relating to the Fisheries carried on upon the Banks and Shores of Newfoundland, and to make Provision for the better Conduct of the said Fisheries for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

52. An act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty second Year of His late Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull, as relates to certain Lands belonging to His Majesty.

53. An act to permit the mutual Transfer of Capital in certain Public Stocks or Funds transferable at the Banks of England and Ireland respectively.

54. An act to repeal the Duties on Licences to brew and to retail Beer, Spirituous Liquors and Foreign Wine, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and amend the Laws of Excise relating to such Duties, and to Brewers and Retailers of Beer.

55. An act to assimilate the Duties and Drawbacks on Hides, Skins, Leather, Parchment, Paper and Paper Hangings, manufactured in Ireland, to the Duties and Drawbacks payable on the like Articles in Great Britain; and to equalize the Measures and Weights whereby the Duties of Excise and Customs shall be payable throughout the United Kingdom.

56. An act to continue, until the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, certain Parts of an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, among other Things for the preventing private Distillation in Scotland.

57. An act to repeal Four Acts of His late Majesty, relating to the Use of Home Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and for better preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof.

58. An act to continue for Four Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session Parliament, the Powers of the Commissioners for enquiring concerning Charities in England and Wales.

59. An act for exhibiting a Bill for the Restoration of John Francis Erskine of Mar.

60. An act to carry into Effect the Will of Richard Payne Knight Esquire, so far as the same relates to a Bequest by the said Richard Payne Knight of a Collection of Coins, Medals and other valuable Articles to the British Museum; and to vest the said Collection in the Trustees of the said British Museum, for the Use of the Public.

61. An act to amend certain Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

62. An act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement of Banks for Savings, in England and Ireland.

63. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland.

64. An act to amend the several Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries.

65. An act to repeal the Duties and Laws in respect of Salt and Rock Salt.

66. An act to repeal certain Acts of His late Majesty, relating to the Wages of Persons employed in the Manufacture of Silk, and of Silk mixed with other Materials.

67. An act for the better Administration of Justice in Newfoundland, and for other Purposes.

68. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to regulate the Celebration of Marriages in Newfoundland; and to make further Provision for the Celebration of Marriages in the said Colony and its Dependencies.

69. An act to enable Justices of the Peace for Ridings, Divisions or Sokes, to act as Trustees for repairing and maintaining Turnpike Roads.

70. An act to permit Flour to be substituted for Foreign Wheat secured in Warehouses.

71. An act to amend several Acts passed for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals, in England.

72. An act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act for augmenting Parochial Stipends, in certain Cases, in Scotland.

73. An act to relieve Bankers in Ireland from divers Restraints imposed by the Provisions of the Twenty ninth of George the Second, and to render all and each of the Members of certain Copartnerships of Bankers which may be established liable to the Engagements of such Copartnerships, and to enable such Copartnerships to sue and be sued in the Name of their Public Officer.

74. An act for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures.

75. An act to decrease the Duty on Cocoa Nuts imported; to exempt certain Goods from Payment of Auction Duties; to provide that the Parish of Saint Pancras shall be under the Inspection of the Head Office of Excise; and to amend certain Laws of Excise relating to Maltsters in Ireland; to the Drawback on Beer exported from Great Britain; and to the Duty on Draining Tiles.

76. An act to continue several Acts for establishing Regulations for the Security of the Revenue on Goods imported from Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company; and to grant, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, Duties on Sugar imported from Places within the Limits of the said Charter, in lieu of former Duties.

77. An act to amend the Acts for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works.

78. An act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to lease Lands belonging to the Duchy of Cornwall, and to authorize the Sale and Purchase of the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines in the Ports of the County of Cornwall, and in Plymouth.

79. An act to enable certain Persons to receive and hold Offices in the Management, Collection and Receipt of the Revenue, without taking or subscribing certain Oaths and Declarations.

80. An act for disappropriating, disuniting and divesting from and out of the Chancellors, Archdeacons and Precentors of the Diocese of Connor in the County of Antrim, in Ireland, (after the Decease or Removal of the present Incumbents) certain Rectories and the Rectorial Tithes thereof, Parts of the Corps of the said respective Dignities; and for annexing and uniting the said respective Rectories when so disappropriated, and the Rectorial Tithes thereof, to the respective Vicarages of the said several Rectories, whereby the Incumbent of each Parish and Rectory shall have the actual Cure of Souls, and for other Purposes.

81. An act for separating the Parish or Vicarage of Bray from the Parish of Kilternan, and for uniting the said Parish of Kilternan with the Parish of Kilgobban, situate in the Barony of Rathdown and County of Dublin, in Ireland.

82. An act for better regulating the Office of Clerk of the Parliaments.

83. An act for the Punishment of idle and disorderly Persons, and Rogues and Vagabonds, in that Part of Great Britain called England.

84. An act for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain.

85. An act for amending an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the building, repairing and enlarging of certain Gaols and Houses of Correction; and for procuring Information as to the State of all other Gaols and Houses of Correction in England and Wales.

86. An act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Australian Agricultural Company," for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in the Colony of New South Wales, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

87. An act to authorize the Proprietors of Entailed Estates in Scotland to grant Provisions to the Wives or Husbands and Children of such Proprietors.

88. An act to authorize the East India Company to trade direct from China to the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

89. An act for the Relief, in certain Cases, of the Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Livings or Benefices mortgaged for building, rebuilding, repairing or purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings and Tenements for such Benefices.

90. An act to amend an Act for building additional Places of Worship in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.

91. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices; to restrain Spiritual Persons from carrying on Trade or Merchandize; and for the Support and Maintenance of Stipendiary Curates, in Ireland.

92. An act to authorize the Payment of certain Duties on Ships and Merchandize, in respect of the Docks and Warehouses in the Port of Dublin, and other Ports in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating to such Docks and Warehouses.

93. An act to amend the Acts of the last Session of Parliament relating to Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of the Salaries of public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland.

94. An act to allow the Averment of the Order for Prosecution by Commissioners of Customs or Excise to be sufficient Proof of the Order having been made.

95. An act to repeal the Laws relative to the Combination of Workmen; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

96. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relative to the Arbitration of Disputes between Masters and Workmen.

97. An act to repeal the Laws relative to Artificers going into Foreign Parts.

98. An act to consolidate and amend the Bankrupt Laws.

99. An act for dividing, allotting and inclosing that Portion of the Forest of Whittlewood called Hasleborough Walk in the Parish of Whitfield and Liberties or Precincts of Silston otherwise Silverston otherwise Silveston Burnham in the County of Northampton, and of the Open Fields of Silston otherwise Silverston otherwise Silveston Burnham aforesaid.

100. An act for more effectually paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the New Street from the Regent's Park to Pall Mall, and the New Streets and Improvements in the Neighbourhood of Parliament Street and Privy Gardens; and for maintaining a convenient Sewage for the same.

101. An act to enable His Majesty to grant certain Advowsons, Rectories and Vicarages, in the several Counties of Carmarthen, Cardigan and Pembroke, in the Principality of Wales, to a College to be incorporated by Charter, to be called Saint David's College.

102. An act to amend an Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District of Dublin Metropolis.

103. An act to make further Provision, and to amend and render more effectual Three Acts, passed in the Fifty eighth and Fifty ninth Years of His late Majesty, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

104. An act to amend an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, respecting Superannuation Allowances.

105. An act further to continue and to amend an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for suppressing Insurrections and preventing Disturbances of the public Peace in Ireland.

106. An act to enlarge and extend the Power of the Judges of the several Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and to amend the Laws relating to the same.

107. An act to prevent the illegal pawning of Clothes and Stores belonging to Chelsea Hospital; to give further Powers to the Treasurer and Deputy Treasurer of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals; to punish Persons fraudulently receiving Prize Money or Pensions; and to enable the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital to hold Lands purchased under the Will of Colonel Drowly.

108. An act for transferring to the East India Company certain Possessions newly acquired in the East Indies, and for authorizing the Removal of Convicts from Sumatra.

109. An act to enable the Earl Marshal and his Deputy to execute the Duties of their Office or Offices, without previously taking or subscribing certain Oaths or Declarations.

110. An act for the Indemnity of Magistrates in Proceedings against Persons using unlawful Weights in Ireland.

111. An act to amend an Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of Debts due to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and for the better Administration of Justice within the same.

112. An act to amend so much of an Act of the Forty ninth Year of His late Majesty as relates to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes, Town Lands and other Subdenominations of Land, in Ireland, for the Purpose of providing for the future Survey and Valuation of that Part of the United Kingdom; and for settling the Boundaries of Counties, Cities and Towns, in certain Cases.

113. An act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

114. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Sixth Year of King George the First, as restrains any other Corporations than those in the Act named, and any Societies or Partnerships, from effecting Marine Assurances, and lending Money on Bottomry.

115. An act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

