Acts passed in 1825, 6 George 4 c.1 - c.134.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1825.
---

1. An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

3. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

4. An Act to amend certain Acts relating to unlawful Societies in Ireland.

5. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

7. An Act for the further Repeal of certain Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for granting Relief in the Cases therein mentioned.

8. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for enabling Spiritual Persons to exchange their Parsonage Houses or Glebe Lands; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

9. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices and Pensions in England; and also for granting certain Duties on Sugar imported; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

10. An Act to facilitate the Proceedings before the Commissioners of Inquiry relating to Courts of Justice in Ireland.

11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

12. An Act to prolong the Time of the Commencement of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for ascertaining and establishing Uniformity of Weights and Measures, and to amend the said Act.

13. An Act to reduce the Duties on Wine, Coffee and Hemp, imported into the United Kingdom.

14. An Act for applying the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

15. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed in the Forty third and Forty fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, by establishing further Checks upon the Expenditure of Public Money for that Purpose, in certain Cases.

16. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

17. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, concerning the Disposition of certain Real and Personal Property of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

18. An Act to make further Provision for the Payment of the Crews of His Majesty's Ships, and Vessels.

19. An Act for the Amendment of the Law as to the Offence of sending threatening Letters.

20. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

21. An Act to amend an Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis.

22. An Act to regulate the Qualification and the Manner of enrolling Jurors in Scotland, and of choosing Jurors on Criminal Trials there; and to unite Counties for the Purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland.

23. An Act for the better Regulation of the Sheriff and Stewart and Burgh Courts of Scotland.

24. An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts in the Sheriff Courts in Scotland.

25. An Act for defining the Rights of Capital Convicts who receive Pardon, and of Convicts after having been punished for Clergyable Felonies; for placing Clerks in Orders on the same Footing with other Persons, as to Felonies; and for limiting the Effect of the Benefit of Clergy.

26. An Act for the Consolidation of the Royal Naval Asylum with the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

27. An Act for extending to Scotland certain Provisions of an Act for theRelief of the Poor, in so far as the same relate to Parochial Relief to Chelsea and other Pensioners.

28. An Act for granting Rates of Postage for the Conveyance of Letters and Packets between Great Britain and Ireland, by way of Liverpool.

29. An Act to repeal an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, for the discouraging the Importation of Thrown Silk.

30. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery in Ireland.

31. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

32. An Act to provide for the Application of Monies arising in certain Cases of Assessments for Land Tax in Great Britain.

33. An Act to repeal certain Acts relating to the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas, and the Duties payable to them; and to authorize the Transfer and Disposal of the Possessions and Property of the said Governor and Company, for the Public Service.

34. An Act to empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase a certain Annuity in respect of Duties of Customs levied in the Isle of Man, and and reserved Sovereign Rights in the said Island, belonging to John Duke of Atholl.

35. An Act to render more effectual the several Acts for authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works, so far as relates to Ireland.

36. An Act for enabling the Corporation of Pembroke to relinquish and convey to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy the Right of letting the Stalls, Sittings and other Conveniences in the Market established in the Town of Pembroke Dock, and the Right to the Rents, Tolls and Fees thereof.

37. An Act to provide for the future Assimilation of the Duties of Excise upon Sweets or Made Wines, upon Mead and Metheglin, upon Vinegar, and upon Cyder and Perry, in Great Britain and Ireland, and to continue the Duty of Excise on Sweets or Made Wines in Great Britain until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

38. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in Execution of an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for paving and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the New Street from thence to Pall Mall; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

39. An Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Van Diemens Land Company," for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in His Majesty's Island of Van Diemen s Land, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

40. An Act to enable Justices of the Peace in England, in certain Cases, to borrow Money on Mortgage of the Rate of the County, Riding or Place, for which such Justices shall be then acting.

41. An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties payable in Great Britain and Ireland upon the Transfer of Property in Ships and Vessels, and upon Bonds and Debentures required to be given in relation to the Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties of Customs or Excise; and to grant other Duties of Stamps on such Bonds and Debentures.

42. An Act for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland.

43. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, for impounding of Distresses in Ireland.

44. An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Columbia and Mexico.

45. An Act to allow, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Enrolment of Articles of Clerkship to Solicitors and Attornies in England, and the making and filing of Affidavits relating thereto, in certain Cases, where the same may have been omitted or neglected.

46. An Act to prevent Articled Clerks of Attornies and others, in Great Britain, from being prejudiced by the Neglect of such Attornies and others, in omitting to take out their annual Certificates.

47. An Act for restricting the Punishment of Leasing making, Sedition and Blasphemy, in Scotland.

48. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of King George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts in Scotland.

49. An Act for encouraging the Capture or Destruction of piratical Ships and Vessels.

50. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries.

51. An Act for the Amendment of the Laws with respect to Special Juries, and to Trials in Counties of Cities and Towns, and Towns Corporate, in Ireland.

52. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for amending former Acts relating to Presentments by Grand Juries for Payment of the Salaries of Treasurers and Public Officers of the several Counties in Ireland.

53. An Act for limiting the Time within which Inquisitions of Lunacy, Idiotcy and Non Compos Mentis, may be traversed, and for making other Regulations in the Proceedings pending a Traverse.

54. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

55. An Act to regulate the Proceedings as to sealing of Writs in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

56. An Act to amend Two Acts for removing Difficulties in the Conviction of Offenders stealing Property in Mines and from Corporate Bodies.

57. An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting the Settlement of the Poor, as far as regards renting Tenements and paying Parochial Taxes.

58. An Act for providing equivalent Rates of Excise Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks on Beer and Malt, and on Spirits, made in Scotland or Ireland, according to the Measure of the new Imperial Standard Gallon.

59. An Act to provide for the Extinction of Feudal and Seignioral Rights and Burthens on Lands held à Titre de Fief and à Titre de Cens, in the Province of Lower Canada; and for the gradual Conversion of those Tenures into the Tenure of Free and Common Soccage; and for other Purposes relating to the said Province.

60. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

61. An Act to amend Two Acts; of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Payment of Regimental Debts, and the Distribution of the Effects of Officers and Soldiers dying in Service; and the Receipt of Sums due to Soldiers; and of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company.

62. An Act to amend an Act of the Scottish Parliament, relative to the Aliment of poor Prisoners.

63. An Act to make further Provisions for the Regulation of Cotton Mills and Factories, and for the better Preservation of the Health of young Persons employed therein.

64. An Act to alter for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Duty on Wheat the Produce of the British Possessions in North America.

65. An Act to allow, until the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, the Entry of Warehoused Corn, Grain and Wheaten Flour for Home Consumption, on Payment of Duty.

66. An Act for explaining and amending an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to make further Provision for electing and summoning Sixteen Peers of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, and for the further regulating of Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to the Trial of Peers for Offences committed in Scotland.

67. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act that all such as are to be naturalized or restored in Blood shall first receive the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper, and the Oath of Allegiance and the Oath of Supremacy.

68. An Act to regulate the Conveyance of printed Votes and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, by Packet Boats between Great Britain and Ireland, and the British Colonies, and also in the United Kingdom.

69. An Act for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies; and better regulating the Powers of Justices of the Peace in New South Wales.

70. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five.

71. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to His Royal Highness Ernest Augustus Duke of Cumberland, for the Purpose of enabling His said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of His Highness Prince George Frederick Alexander Charles Ernest Augustus of Cumberland.

72. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an Annual Sum to Her Royal Highness Mary Louisa Victoria Duchess of Kent, for the Purpose of enabling Her said Royal Highness to provide for the Support and Education of Her Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent.

73. An Act for further regulating the Trade of His Majesty's Possessions in America and the West Indies, and for the warehousing of Goods therein.

74. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees, who are Infants, Idiots, Lunatics or Trustees of unsound Mind, or who cannot be compelled or refuse to act; and also the Laws relating to Stocks and Securities belonging to Infants, Idiots, Lunatics and Persons of unsound Mind.

75. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Canada Company," certain Lands in the Province of Upper Canada, and to invest the said Company with certain Powers and Privileges, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

76. An Act to extend to the Island of Mauritius the Duties and Regulations which relate to the British Islands in the West Indies.

77. An Act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Repair and Improvement of Buckingham House.

78. An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Performance of Quarantine, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

79. An Act to provide for the Assimilation of the Currency and Monies of Account throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

80. An Act to repeal the Duties payable in respect of Spirits distilled in England, and of Licences for distilling, rectifying or compounding such Spirits, and for the Sale of Spirits, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to provide other Regulations for the Collection of the said Duties, and for the Sale of Spirits, and for the Warehousing of such Spirits, without Payment of Duty, for Exportation.

81. An Act to repeal several Duties payable on Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws for granting Excise Licences.

82. An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of King's Bench in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Annuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office.

83. An Act to abolish the Sale of Offices in the Court of Common Pleas in England, to make Provision for the Lord Chief Justice of the said Court, and to grant an additional Amnuity to the said Lord Chief Justice on Resignation of his Office.

84. An Act to provide for the augmenting the Salaries of the Master of the Rolls and the Vice Chancellor of England, the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, and the Puisne Judges and Barons of the Courts in Westminster Hall; and to enable His Majesty to grant an Annuity to such Vice Chancellor, and additional Annuities to such Master of the Rolls, Chief Baron and Puisne Judges and Barons, on their Resignation of their respective Offices.

85. An Act for further regulating the Payment of the Salaries and Pensions to the Judges of His Majesty's Courts in India, and the Bishop of Calcutta; for authorizing the Transportation of Offenders from the Island of Saint Helena; and for more effectually providing for the Administration of Justice in Singapore and Malacca, and certain Colonies on the Coast of Coromandel.

86. An Act to provide for the Erection of certain Courts and Offices of Justice in Scotland.

87. An Act to regulate the Payment of Salaries and Allowances to British Consuls at Foreign Ports, and the Disbursements at such Ports for certain public Purposes.

88. An Act to make Provision for the Salaries of certain Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Dignitaries and Ministers, in the Diocese of Jamaica, and in the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands; and to enable His Majesty to grant Annuities to such Bishops upon the Resignation of their Offices.

89. An Act to authorize the Purchase of the Office of Receiver and Comptroller of the Seal of the Court of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and of Custos Brevium of the Court of Common Pleas.

90. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to recompense the Services of Persons holding or who have held certain high and efficient Civil Offices.

91. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, as relates to the restraining several extravagant and unwarrantable Practices in the said Act mentioned; and for conferring additional Powers upon His Majesty, with respect to the granting of Charters of Incorporation to trading and other Companies.

92. An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Public Chapels in which Banns have not usually been published.

93. An Act to render valid certain Decrees and Orders at the Rolls Court.

94. An Act to alter and amend an Act for the better Protection of the Property of Merchants and others, who may hereafter enter into Contracts or Agreements in relation to Goods, Wares or Merchandize intrusted to Factors or Agents.

95. An Act to enable such Persons as His Majesty may be pleased to call to the Degree of a Serjeant at Law, to take upon themselves that Office in Vacation.

96. An Act for preventing frivolous Writs of Error.

97. An Act for the better Preservation of the Peace and good Order in the Universities of England.

98. An Act to prevent the further Circulation of Tokens issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for the Convenience of the Public, and for defraying the Expence of exchanging such Tokens.

99. An Act to repeal an Act of the last Session of Parliament relative to the forming Tables of Manors, Parishes and Townlands in Ireland, and to make Provision for ascertaining the Boundaries of the same.

100. An Act to extend the Powers of an Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Howth; and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead.

101. An Act to provide for the repairing, maintaining and keeping in Repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland.

102. An Act to amend the Laws respecting deserted Children in Ireland.

103. An Act to enable the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy to acquire certain Portions of the Docks and Shore Ground at Leith for a Naval Yard, and to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money on the Security of the Docks and of the Harbour of Leith.

104. An Act to repeal certain Duties of Customs, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Bounties on Refined Sugar; and to alter the Bounty on Cordage.

105. An Act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs.

106. An Act for the Management of the Customs.

107. An Act for the general Regulation of the Customs.

108. An Act for the Prevention of Smuggling.

109. An Act for the Encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation.

110. An Act for the registering of British Vessels.

111. An Act for granting Duties of Customs.

112. An Act for the warehousing of Goods.

113. An Act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs.

114. An Act to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions abroad.

115. An Act for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man.

116. An Act for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers to Foreign Parts.

117. An Act to repeal the Excise Duties and Drawbacks on Flint Glass in Great Britain, and to impose other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof, throughout the United Kingdom; and to continue the Jurisdiction and Powers for recovering Penalties under Customs and Excise Laws in Ireland, until further Provision can be made.

118. An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties on Gold and Silver Plate in Ireland, and also on certain Licences in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, from the Commissioners of Excise to the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and to repeal so much of an Act as requires Excise Stamps to be affixed on Papers and Pots containing Cocoa Paste.

119. An Act to allow Newspapers to be printed upon Paper of a larger Size than is now allowed; and to reduce the Stamp Duties now payable upon Supplements to Newspapers and other Papers in Great Britain.

120. An Act for the better regulating of the Forms of Process in the Courts of Law in Scotland.

121. An Act to enable the Insolvent Debtors' Court to dispense, until the end of the next Session of Parliament, with the Necessity of Prisoners residing within the Walls in certain Cases.

122. An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

123. An Act to establish a Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Commons; and to prohibit the Sale of certain Offices under the Sergeant at Arms attending the House of Commons.

124. An Act for making the Four Districts in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, District Rectories for certain Purposes.

125. An Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting Pilots and Pilotage; and also for the better Preservation of Floating Lights, Buoys and Beacons.

126. An Act to make Provision in Scotland for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, maiming, disfiguring and disabling His Majesty's Subjects.

127. An Act for making further Provision by Law for the Protection of Property in Orchards, Gardens and Nursery Grounds.

128. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to advance out of the Consolidated Fund certain Sums for the Payment of Debts due from the Commissioners of Wide Streets, and for the erecting a Corn Exchange in the City of Dublin; and to repeal certain Duties on Licences relating to Cards and Clubs in the City of Dublin.

129. An Act to repeal the Laws relating to the Combination of Workmen, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

130. An Act to alter and amend the Law as to Church Rates in Ireland, and to regulate the same.

131. An Act to regulate the Mode in which certain Societies or Copartnerships in Scotland may sue and be sued.

132. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Forest of Salcey, in the Counties of Northampton and Buckingham, and of certain Lands in the Parish of Hartwell in the said County of Northampton.

133. An Act to amend and explain an Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, for better regulating the Practice of Apothecaries throughout England and Wales.

134. An Act for applying the Surplus of the Grants of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty four to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

