Acts passed in 1826, 7 George 4 c.1 - c.79.
From Butterworths Statutes, 1826.
---

1. An Act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

2. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

3. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

4. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Salaries of certain Bishops, and other Ecclesiastical Dignitaries and Ministers in the Diocese of Jamaica, and in the Diocese of Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Annuities to such Bishops upon the Resignation of their Offices.

5. An Act to give effect to Treaties of Commerce with Countries in America not at present provided with National Merchant Shipping.

6. An Act to limit, and after a certain Period to prohibit, the issuing of Promissory Notes under a limited Sum in England.

7. An Act to facilitate the advancing of Money by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England upon Deposits or Pledges.

8. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Qualification and the Manner of enrolling Jurors in Scotland, and of choosing Jurors in Criminal Trials there, and to unite Counties for the Purposes of Trial in Cases of High Treason in Scotland, as relates to the Qualification of Special Jurors.

9. An Act to provide for the more effectual Punishment of certain Offences in Ireland, by Imprisonment with Hard Labour.

10. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

11. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

12. An Act for exonerating a certain Estate called Maes Llemystin, situate in the Parish of Llangadfan in the County of Montgomery, belonging to Charles Dallas Esquire, from the Claims of the Crown.

13. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Maiesty King George the Third, for vesting in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, Part of the Ground and buildings now belonging to the Society of King's Inns, Dublin, for erecting thereon a Repository for Public Records in Ireland.

14. An Act for the further Amendment of an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland.

15. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, for the more easy Recovery of Small Tithes.

16. An Act to consolidate and amend several Acts relating to the Royal Hospitals for Soldiers at Chelsea and Kilmainham.

17. An Act for remedying Inconveniences in the Administration of Justice, arising from the present Vacancy of the See of Durham, and for preventing the like in future.

18. An Act to authorize the Disposal of unnecessary Prisons in England.

19. An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, relative to Assault and Battery pendente Lite.

20. An Act to continue an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for granting for the Term of Five Years additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law in Ireland.

21. An Act for the better regulating Proceedings on Writs of Mandamus in Ireland.

22. An Act to enable Persons to continue their Compositions for Assessed Taxes for further Periods, and for allowing Persons who have not compounded to enter into Composition for a limited Term.

23. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise upon tawed Kid Skins, Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins.

24. An Act for fixing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Inkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

25. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty eight, an Act for preventing private Distillation in Scotland.

26. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

27. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

28. An Act for exonerating certain Estates called Corsica Hall, Alfirislon, Maff Alfrision otherwise Maffe Alfryshton and Dean Place, in the County of Sussex, belonging to John Henry Tilson Esquire, from the Claims of the Crown.

29. An Act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Assignment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements.

30. An Act to amend the several Acts for authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works, and to extend the Provisions thereof in certain Cases.

31. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relates to the Retired Allowances of Quarter Masters of Cavalry and Infantry.

32. An Act to amend an Act for suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, so far as relates to the Board of Trade.

33. An Act to make further Regulations relating to the Licensing of Stage Coaches.

34. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the several Acts for the Encouragement and Improvement of the British and Irish Fisheries.

35. An Act to enable incapacitated Persons to convey to the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, certain Premises situate in the Parish of Greenwich in the said County, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

36. An Act to regulate the Service of the Process of the several Courts for the Recovery of Small Debts by Civil Bill in Ireland.

37. An Act to regulate the Appointment of Juries in the East Indies.

38. An Act to enable Commissioners for trying Offences upon the Sea, and Justices of the Peace, to take Examinations touching such Offences, and to commit to safe Custody Persons charged therewith.

39. An Act for funding Eight Millions of Exchequer Bills.

40. An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to advance Money out of the Consolidated Fund towards the Expences of rebuilding London Bridge.

41. An Act to amend the Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts, and the Proceedings for that Purpose, in the Manor Courts in Ireland.

42. An Act to amend the Laws in force in Ireland for preventing the vexatious Impounding of Cattle for Trespass or Damage feasant.

43. An Act to amend the Laws in force in Ireland relating to Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees.

44. An Act to allow, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the Enrolment of certain Articles of Clerkship; to prevent Attornies and others from being prejudiced in certain Cases by the Neglect to take out their Annual Certificates; to prohibit the stamping Articles of Clerkship after a certain Time; and to extend the Period for taking out Certificates after Matriculation at the Universities.

45. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for Relief of Persons entitled to Entailed Estates to be purchased with Trust Monies, and for making further Provisions in lieu thereof.

46. An Act for the better regulating Copartnerships of certain Bankers in England; and for amending so much of an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for advancing the Sum of Three Millions towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred, as relates to the same.

47. An Act to allow, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty, certain Bounties on the Exportation from Ireland of Salmon, Red Herrings and Dried Sprats.

48. An Act to alter and amend the several Laws relating to the Customs.

49. An Act to amend several Laws of Excise relating to Bonds on Excise Licences in Ireland, Tiles and Bricks for draining, Oaths on Exportation of Goods, Permits for the Removal of Tea in Ireland, Size of Casks in which Spirits may be warehoused in Scotland and Ireland, the Allowance of Duty on Starch and Soap used in certain Manufactures, and the Repayment of Money advanced by Collectors of Excise for Public Works in Ireland.

50. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions two hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

51. An Act to confirm Sales made by the Surveyor General and the Commissioners of the Land Revenue of the Crown, under an Act of the Forty eighth Year of His late Majesty.

52. An Act for defraying the Expence of any additional Naval Force to be employed in the East Indies.

53. An Act to regulate the Importation of Silk Goods until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty eight, and to encourage the Silk Manufactures by the Repeal of certain Duties.

54. An Act for the Registration of Aliens.

55. An Act to regulate the Manner of taking the Poll at Elections of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of York.

56. An Act to suspend the Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, respecting the Appointment of Writers in the Service of the East India Company, and to authorize the Payment of the Allowances of the Civil and Military Officers of the said Company dying while absent from India.

57. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

58. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry and Volunteers in Great Britain.

59. An Act to continue for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for facilitating the Recovery of the Wages of Seamen in the Merchant Service.

60. An Act to prevent the wilful and malicious Destruction of Dwelling Houses in Ireland.

61. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in Cities, Towns Corporate and other local Jurisdictions in Ireland.

62. An Act to make Provision for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equally levying of the Rates and Charges upon such Baronies, Parishes and Divisions respectively.

63. An Act to provide for repairing, improving and rebuilding Shire Halls, County Halls and other Buildings for holding the Assizes and Grand Sessions, and also Judges Lodgings throughout England and Wales.

64. An Act for improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in England.

65. An Act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in England.

66. An Act to render more effectual the several Acts now in force to promote the Residence of the Parochial Clergy, by making Provision for purchasing Houses and other necessary Buildings for the Use of their Benefices.

67. An Act to regulate the Mode in which certain Societies or Copartnerships for Banking in Scotland may sue and be sued.

68. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty first Year of His late Majesty, as relates to the Election of Members to serve in the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Upper Canada.

69. An Act to amend the Law in respect to the Offence of stealing from Gardens and Hothouses.

70. An Act to permit Foreign Corn, Meal and Flour, warehoused, to be taken out for Home Consumption, until the Sixteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty six.

71. An Act to empower His Majesty to admit Foreign Corn for Home Consumption, under certain Limitations, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, or for Six Weeks after the Commencement of the then next ensuing Session of Parliament, if Parliament shall not then be sitting.

72. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws which regulate the Levy and Application of Church Rates and Parish Cesses, and the Election of Churchwardens, and the Maintenance of Parish Clerks, in Ireland.

73. An Act to consolidate the Laws in force in Ireland for the Disappropriation of Benefices annexed to Dignities, and for the Appropriation of others in their Stead, and for uniting Benefices with Dignities, and to make further Provisions for the like Purposes.

74. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

75. An Act to explain an Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, respecting the Enrolment of Memorials of Grants of Annuities.

76. An Act for further extending the Powers of an Act for vesting in Commissioners the Bridges building over the Menai Straits and the River Conway, and the Harbours of Howth and Holyhead, and the Road from Dublin to Hewth, and for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead.

77. An Act to extend to Charing Cross, the Strand and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park; and to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues to grant Leases of the Site of Carlton Palace.

78. An Act to vest in the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, the Powers of several Acts for the Improvement of the Streets near Westminster Hall and the Houses of Parliament; and to authorize the Conversion of the Pavements in several Parts of the Metropolis into broken Stone Roads.

79. An Act for applying a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of the Grants of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty six; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

