Acts passed in 1827, 7 & 8 George 4 c.1 - c.75.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1827.
---

1. An act for applying a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

2. An act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

3. An act to confirm an Order in Council for allowing the Importation of Foreign Oats, Oatmeal, Rye, Pease, and Beans; to indemnify all Persons who have advised or acted in execution of the same; and to permit the Importation of such Articles until the Fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

4. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

6. An act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from Saint Domingo and Cuba.

7. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, and also certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

8. An act for more conveniently paying the Pensions of Widows of Officers of the Royal Marines.

9. An act to repeal an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

10. An act to enable His Majesty to make further Provision for their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Clarence.

11. An act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty eight, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

12. An act to amend an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

13. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively.

14. An act for fixing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty eight, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

15. An act for declaring the Law in relation to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes becoming payable on Good Friday or Christmas Day.

16. An act for applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

17. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of King George the Third, for regulating the Costs of certain Distresses.

18. An act to prohibit the setting of Spring Guns, Man Traps, and other Engines calculated to destroy human Life, or inflict grievous bodily Harm.

19. An act to repeal an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers to Foreign Parts.

20. An act to regulate the Prosecution of fraudulent Bankrupts in Scotland.

21. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Duties of Postage in Great Britain and Ireland.

22. An act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

23. An act to continue for One Year, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for providing for the repairing, maintaining, and keeping in repair certain Roads and Bridges in Ireland.

24. An act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in England.

25. An act for the Relief of certain Spiritual Persons, and Patrons of Ecclesiastical Preferments, from certain Penalties; and rendering valid certain Bonds, Covenants, or other Assurances for the Resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments.

26. An act for disappropriating, disuniting, and divesting the Rectory and Rectorial Tithes of the Parish of Youghal from and out of the Bishopric of the Diocese of Cloune, in Ireland, whereby the Incumbent of such Rectory should have the actual Core of Souls in the said Parish.

27. An act for repealing various Statutes in England relative to the Benefit of Clergy, and to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and to malicious Injuries to Property, and to Remedies against the Hundred.

28. An act for further improving the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in England.

29. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Enriand relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith.

30. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to malicious Injuries to Property.

31. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Remedies against the Hundred.

32. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the wilful and malicious Destruction of Dwelling Houses in Ireland.

33. An act for the further Regulation of the General Penitentiary at Millbank.

34. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Provision of Ministers in Cities and Corporate Towns in Ireland.

35. An act for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead, and of the Road from London to Liverpool.

36. An act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and Twenty eight, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting deserted Children in Ireland.

37. An act to make further Regulations for preventing corrupt Practices at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for diminishing the Expence of such Elections.

38. An act for discontinuing certain Presentments by Constables.

39. An act to repeal such Parts of Two Acts of King William and Queen Mary, and of King George the Second, as relate to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods.

40. An act to continue, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty, an Act relating to Duties of Excise on Crown, Flint, and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws of Excise relating to Flint Glass.

41. An act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions eight hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

42. An act for granting and applying certain Sums of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven.

43. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws in force in Ireland for Unions and Divisions of Parishes, and for uniting or disappropriating Appropriate Parishes or Parts of Parishes; and to make further Provision with respect to the erecting Chapels of Ease, and making perpetual Cures.

44. An act to provide for the Payment of a Salary (in lieu of Fees) to the Judge of the Prerogative Court and Court of Faculties in Ireland.

45. An act to allow, until the Twenty fourth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven the Inrolment of certain Artides of Clerkship and Assignments thereof.

46. An act for the better enabling the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty to complete the Buildings of His Majesty's General Register House at Edinburgh.

47. An act for the further Amendment and Extension of the Powers of the several Acts authorizing Advances for carrying on Public Works.

48. An act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in England.

49. An act to exempt Persons who have procured Game Certificates in Great Britain from the Duty on Game Certificates in Ireland, and to authorize Persons who have paid Duty on Game Certificates in Ireland to kill Game in Great Britain, upon paying the additional Duty only.

50. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Twenty eight.

51. An act for further amending an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the better Administration of Justice in the Equity Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

52. An act to consolidate and amend certain Laws relating to the Revenue of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom; and for amending the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, and to the Allowance in respect of the Malt Duty on Spirits made in Scotland and Ireland from Malt only.

53. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise throughout Great Britain and Ireland.

54. An act to carry into Effect the Treaty with Sweden relative to the Slave Trade.

55. An act to consolidate the Boards of Stamps in Great Britain and Ireland.

56. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

57. An act to permit, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty eight, certain Corn, Meal, and Flour to be entered for Home Consumption.

58. An act to make Provision for ascertaining from time to time the Average Prices of British Corn.

59. An act for further amending the Laws for the Recovery of Small Debts, and the Proceedings for that Purpose, in the Manor Courts in Ireland.

60. An act to amend the Acts for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland.

61. An act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Butter Trade in Ireland.

62. An act to authorize the Sale of a Part of the Clergy Reserves in the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada.

63. An act to explain so much of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, as relates to the Transportation of Offenders.

64. An act to establish a Taxation of Costs on Private Bills in the House of Lords.

65. An act to explain and remove Doubts touching the Admiralty.

66. An act to extend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to grant small Portions of Land as Sites for Public Buildings, or to be used as Cemeteries.

67. An act for the better Administration of Justice at the holding of Petty Sessions by Justices of the Peace in Ireland.

68. An act for the Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown in Ireland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

69. An act to provide for the Relief of Persons aggrieved by unlawful or excessive Distresses in Ireland.

70. An act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

71. An act to prevent Arrests upon Mesne Process where the Debt or Cause of Action is under Twenty Pounds; and to regulate the Practice of Arrests.

72. An act to amend the Acts for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

73. An act to continue, until the Thirty first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, an Act of the Fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the better Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

74. An act to carry into Execution a Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Brazil, for the Regulation and final Abolition of the African Slave Trade.

75. An act to appoint Commissioners for carrying into Execution several Acts, granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, and continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions, in England.

