Public Acts passed in 1828, 9 George 4 c.1 - c.96.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1828.
---

1. An act for applying a Sum of Money for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

2. An act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

3. An act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

4. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

5. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

6. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

7. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, so much of certain Acts of the Parliament of Ireland as relate to the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities and Towns, for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of which no particular Provision is made by any Act of Parliament.

8. An act for fixing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

9. An act to enable the Justices of the Peace for Westminster to hold their Sessions of the Peace during Term and the Sitting of the Court of King's Bench.

10. An act for applying certain Sums of Money to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

11. An act to exempt Vessels propelled by Steam from the Penalties to which Vessels are liable, under various Acts, for having Fire on Board in the Ports, Harbours, Rivers, Canals, and Lakes of Ireland.

12. An act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, on a Bill to exclude the Borough of Penryn from sending Members to serve in Parliament.

13. An act for further regulating the Payment of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Insurances from Loss or Damage by Fire.

14. An act for rendering a written Memorandum necessary to the Validity of certain Promises and Engagements.

15. An act to prevent a Failure of Justice by reason of Variances between Records and Writings produced in Evidence in support thereof.

16. An act to repeal so much of several Acts as empowers the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt to grant Life Annuities.

17. An act for repealing so much of several Acts as imposes the Necessity of receiving the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper as a Qualification for certain Offices and Employments.

18. An act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice made in the United Kingdom, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to such Cards and Dice, and the Exportation thereof.

19. An act for applying a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

20. An act for prohibiting, during the present Session of Parliament, the Importation of Foreign Wheat into the Isle of Man; and for levying a Duty on Meal or Flour made of Foreign Wheat imported from the Isle of Man into the United Kingdom.

21. An act to regulate the Carriage of Passengers in Merchants Vessels from the United Kingdom to the Continent and Islands of North America.

22. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Trial of controverted Elections or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

23. An act to enable Bankers in England to issue certain unstamped Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, upon Payment of a Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties thereon.

24. An act to repeal certain Acts, and to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes in Ireland.

25. An act to authorize the Appointment of Persons to act as Solicitors on behalf of His Majesty in any Court or Jurisdiction in Revenue Matters.

26. An act to regulate the Office of Keeper of the General Register of Hornings and Inhibitions in Scotland.

27. An act to repeal the Allowances made to Stationers on the Purchase of Stamps for Receipts at the Head Office in London, and to grant an Allowance to Persons purchasing such Stamps to a certain Amount of the Commissioners of Stamps or of the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain.

28. An act to enlarge the Powers granted to His Majesty under an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of His late Majesty, to enable His Majesty to recompense the Service of Persons holding, or who have held, certain high and efficient Civil Offices.

29. An act to authorize additional Circuit Courts of Justiciary to be held, and to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland.

30. An act for applying surplus Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

31. An act for consolidating and amending the Statutes in England relative to Offences against the Person.

32. An act for amending the Law of Evidence in certain Cases.

33. An act to declare and settle the Law respecting the Liability of the Real Estates of British Subjects and others, situate within the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Supreme Courts in India, as Assets in the Hands of Executors and Administrators, to the Payment of the Debts of their deceased Owners.

34. An act for altering and amending an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An act to regulate Madhouses in Scotland.

35. An act to protect Purchasers for valuable Consideration in Ireland against Judgments not revived or re-docketed within a limited Time.

36. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

37. An act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for preventing Depredations within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, and for the Adjustment of Salvage; and for giving further Powers to the Deputy Warden of the Cinque Ports and Lieutenant of Dovor Castle.

38. An act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Land Tax Commissioners, and for appointing additional Commissioners, and indemnifying such Persons as have acted without due Authority in Execution of the Acts therein recited.

39. An act for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland.

40. An act to amend the Laws for the Erection and Regulation of County Lunatic Asylums, and more effectually to provide for the Care and Maintenance of Pauper and Criminal Lunatics in England.

41. An act to regulate the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

42. An act to abolish Church Briefs, and to provide for the better Collection and Application of voluntary Contribution for the Purpose of enlarging and building Churches and Chapels.

43. An act for the better Regulation of Divisions in the several Counties of England and Wales.

44. An act to provide for the Execution, throughout the United Kingdom, of the several Laws of Excise relating to Licences and Survey on Tea, Coffee, Cocoa, Pepper, Tobacco, Snuff, Foreign and Colonial Spirits and Wine, notwithstanding the Transfer to the Customs of the Import Duties on any of such Commodities.

45. An act to amend and to make perpetual, and to extend to the whole of the United Kingdom, certain Provisions contained in several Acts for regulating the Rectification, compounding, dealing in, or retailing of Spirits, and for preventing private Distillation, in Scotland; and to provide for the Payment of the Duty on Malt used in waling of Spirits from Malt only.

46. An act to enable certain Hotel Keepers to be licensed to keep Hotels as common Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, and to sell therein Beer and other exciseable Liquors, for the Residue of the present Year.

47. An act for regulating the Retail of exciseable Articles and Commodities to Passengers on board of Passage Vessels from one Part to another of the United Kingdom.

48. An act to repeal the Excise Duties, and Drawbacks on Plate Glass, Broad Glass, Crown Glass, Bottle Glass, and Glass Bottles, payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, and to impose other Duties and to grant other Drawbacks in lieu thereof throughout the United Kingdom; and to make perpetual, and to extend to the United Kingdom, several Acts relating to certain Duties on Glass.

49. An act to amend the Laws in force relating to the Stamp Duties on Sea Insurances, on Articles of Clerkship, on Certificates of Writers to the Signet, and of Conveyancers and others, on Licences to Dealers in Gold and Silver Plate, and Pawnbrokers, on Drafts on Bankers, and on Licences for Stage Coaches in Great Britain; and on Receipts in Ireland.

50. An act for regulating the Appropriation of certain unclaimed Shares of Prize Money acquired by Soldiers or Seamen in the Service of the East India Company.

51. An act to alter and amend an Act for enabling His Majesty to grant to a Company, to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Canada Company," certain Lands in the Province of Upper Canada.

52. An act for erecting a Chapel of Ease at Killiney in the Parish of Monkstown in the County and Diocese of Dublin, and for providing for the due Celebration of Divine Service therein.

53. An act to repeal several Acts and Parts of Acts in force in Ireland, relating to Bail in Cases of Felony, and to certain Proceedings in Criminal Cases, and to the Benefit of Clergy, and to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith, and to malicious Injuries to Property.

54. An act for improving the Administration of Justice in Criminal Cases in Ireland.

55. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny, and other Offences connected therewith.

56. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to malicious Injuries to Property.

57. An act to provide for the Regulation of the Public Office for registering Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, in Ireland.

58. An act to regulate the granting of Certificates, by Justices of the Peace and Magistrates, authorizing Persons to keep common Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, in Scotland, in which Ale, Beer, Spirits, Wine, and other Exciseable Liquors may be sold by Retail under Excise Licences; and for the better Regulation of such Houses; and for the Prevention of such Houses being kept without such Certificate.

59. An act to regulate the Mode of taking the Poll at the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Boroughs, and Ports in England and Wales.

60. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Importation of Corn.

61. An act to regulate the granting of Licences to Keepers of Inns, Alehouses, and Victualling Houses, in England.

62. An act for the Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

63. An act to amend Two Acts of the Third and Fifth Years of His present Majesty, for the Appointment of Constables in Ireland.

64. An act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Two Acts for paving and regulating the Regent's Park, together with the new Street from thence to Pall Mall; and to amend the said Acts.

65. An act to restrain the Negotiation, in England, of Promissory Notes and Bills under a limited Sum, issued in Scotland or Ireland.

66. An act for repealing the Laws now in force relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea.

67. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine.

68. An act to amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Laws of Excise relating to Retail Brewers.

69. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Destruction of Game.

70. An act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for extending to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park, and for enabling the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues to grant Leases of the Scite of Carlton Palace; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

71. An act to empower the Deputy Warden of the Cinque Ports and Lieutenant of Dover Castle to act for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports and Constable of Dover Castle during the Indisposition of the present Lord Warden.

72. An act to extend the Provisions of the East India Mutiny Act to the Bombay Marine.

73. An act to provide for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in the East Indies, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

74. An act for improving the Administration of Criminal Justice in the East Indies.

75. An act for the further Improvement of the Road from London to Holyhead, and of the Road from London to Liverpool.

76. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs. 498.

77. An act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads.

78. An act for extending the Acts passed m the Forty-third and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Sale and Mortgage of Estates of Persons found Lunatics by Inquisition taken in England and Ireland so as to authorize such Sale and Mortgage for some Purposes; and for rendering Inquisitions on Commissions of Lunacy taken in England available in Ireland, and like Inquisitions taken in Ireland available in England.

79. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, for apportioning the Burthen occasioned by the Military and Naval Pensions and Civil Superannuations, by vesting an equal Annuity in Trustees for the Payment thereof.

80. An act to enable Bankers in Inland to issue certain unstamped Promissory Notes, upon Payment of a Composition in lieu of the Stamp Duties thereon.

81. An act for making Promissory Notes payable, issued by Banks, Banking Companies, or Bankers, in Ireland, at the Places where they are issued.

82. An act to make Provision for the lighting, cleansing, and watching of Cities, Towns Corporate, and Market Towns in Ireland, in certain Cases.

83. An act to provide for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

84. An act to continue an Act for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

85. An act for remedying a Defect in the Titles of Lands purchased for charitable Purposes.

86. An act to amend an Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting Plots and Pilotage, and also for the better Preservation of Floating Lights, Buoys, and Beacons.

87. An act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and Twenty-nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting deserted Children in Ireland.

88. An act to repeal certain Provisions in several Acts relating to the Batter Trade in Ireland.

89. An act for raising the Sum of Sixteen millions and forty-six thousand eight hundred Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight.

90. An act to amend the Acts for regulating the Reduction of the National Debt.

91. An act to authorize the Advance of a certain Sum out of the Consolidated Fund for the Completion of the Welland Canal Navigation in Upper Canada.

92. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks.

93. An act to allow Sugar to be delivered out of Warehouse to be refined.

94. An act for rendering valid Bonds, Covenants, and other Assurances for the Resignation of Ecclesiastical Preferments, in certain specified Cases.

95. An act to apply the Sums of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

