Acts passed in 1830, 11 George 4 & 1 William 4 c.1 - c.75.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1830.
---

1. An Act to authorize the Transfer of certain Balances in the Hands of the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of England and Wales on account of Lunatic Asylum Licences.

2. An Act to apply certain Sums of Money, out of the Consolidated Fund, and from the Aids granted for the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

3. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

4. An Act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

5. An Act to repeal the Provisions of certain Acts relating to the Removal of vagrant and poor Persons born in the Isles of Jersey and Guernsey, and chargeable to Parishes in England; and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

6. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

7. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

8. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

9. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

10. An Act for the Relief of Parishes from the Expences of maintaining the Wives and Families of Men convicted under the Laws for the Prevention of Smuggling, and sentenced to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service.

11. An Act for extending certain Provisions of an Act of the Eighth Year of Queen Anne, for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants regarding Executions, to certain Process in use within the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge.

12. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence, before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, on a Bill to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford.

13. An Act for transferring certain Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings or Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

14. An Act for removing the Market at present held for the Sale of Hay and Straw from the Haymarket; and for establishing Markets for the Sale of Hay, Straw, and other Articles, in York Square, Clarence Gardens, and Cumberland Market, in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

15. An Act for relieving, in certain Cases, Vessels entering of sailing from the Port of Berwick-upon-Tweed, from the Duties leviable under Two Acts passed in the Forty-sixth and Fifty-fourth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, relating to the Northern Lighthouses.

16. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Leather, and the Laws relating thereto.

17. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His present Majesty, for consolidating and amending the Laws of Excise on Malt made in the United Kingdom, and for amending the Laws relating to Brewers in Ireland, and the Malt Allowance on Spirits in Scotland and Ireland.

18. An Act to render valid Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Chapels.

19. An Act to extend the Powers of Grand Juries in the Execution of an Act of the Fifty-eighth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for establishing Fever Hospitals in Ireland.

20. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

21. An Act to confirm certain Leases of Lands for the Purposes of carrying on the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

22. An Act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum.

23. An Act to enable His Majesty to appoint certain Persons to affix His Majesty's Royal Signature to Instruments requiring such Signature.

24. An Act to amend an Act for granting certain Powers and Authorities to a Company to be incorporated by Charter, to be called "The Australian Agricultural Company," for the Cultivation and Improvement of Waste Lands in the Colony of New South Wales, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

25. An Act to repeal an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of His late Majesty, for procuring Returns of Persons committed, tried, and convicted for Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors.

26. An Act to authorize the issuing of Exchequer Bills for the Payment of the Proprietors of Four Pounds per Centum Annuities in England and Ireland who have signified their Dissent under an Act passed in the present Session for transferring such Annuities into Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities.

27. An Act to make Provision for the lighting and watching of Parishes in England and Wales.

28. An Act to apply a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

29. An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

30. An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof.

31. An Act for reducing the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, in Ireland, to the same Duty as is now payable thereon in Scotland.

32. An Act to explain Two Acts of His present Majesty, for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, and for the better Regulation of Copartnerships of certain Bankers in Ireland.

33. An Act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

34. An Act to authorise the Advance of a certain Sum, out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Completion of the Shubenaccadie Canal in Nova Scotia.

35. An Act to continue Compositions for Assessed Taxes for a further Term of One Year, and to grant Relief from and alter and repeal the said Duties in certain Cases.

36. An Act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso.

37. An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to facilitate Criminal Trials in Scotland, and to abridge the Period now required between the pronouncing of Sentence and Execution thereof, in Cases importing a Capital Punishment.

38. An Act to continue and amend the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

39. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain; and for punishing Offences committed by Transports kept to labour in the Colonies.

40. An Act for making better Provision for the Disposal of the undisposed of Residues of the Effects of Testators.

41. An Act to make further Regulations with respect to Army Pensions. 27S

42. An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts relating to the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

43. An Act to abolish certain Fees and Stamp Duties charge-able on the Renewal of all Appointments, Commissions, Grants, Pensions, and Patents consequent on the Demise of the Crown.

44. An Act to regulate, for One Year, the Importation of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition into Ireland, and the making, removing, selling, and keeping of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition in Ireland.

45. An Act to subject to Duties of Customs Goods the Property of the Crown, in Case of Sale after Importation.

46. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Illusory Appointments.

47. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate.

48. An Act to impose an additional Duty of Customs on Spirits the Produce of the British Possessions in America.

49. An Act to impose additional Duties of Excise on Spirits.

60. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

61. An Act to repeal certain of the Duties on Cyder in the United Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto.

52. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Twenty-fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

53. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec.

54. An Act to revive, continue, and amend several Acts relating to the Fisheries.

55. An Act to reduce the Rate of Bounties payable upon the Seizure of Slaves.

56. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of King George the Third, for the Appointment of Commissioners for the Regulation of the several Endowed Schools of public and private Foundation in Ireland.

57. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of King George the Third, for the Payment of Costs and Charges to Prosecutors and Witnesses in Cases of Felony in Ireland.

58. An Act for regulating.the Receipt and future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

59. An Act for endowing the Parish Church of Newborough in the County of Northampton, and Three Chapels, called Portland Chapel, Oxford Chapel, and Welbeck Chapel, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, in the County of Middlesex, and also a Chapel erected on Sunk Island in the River Humber.

60. An Act for amending the Laws respecting Conveyances and Transfers of Estates and Funds vested in Trustees and Mortgagees; and for enabling Courts of Equity to give Effect to their Decrees and Orders in certain Cases.

61. An Act to regulate the Applotment of County Rates and Cesses in Ireland in certain Cases.

62. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions six hundred and seven thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

63. An Act to apply the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament,

64. An Act to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cyder by Retail in England.

65. An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Coverts, Idiots, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind.

66. An Act for reducing into One Act all such Forgeries as shall henceforth be punished with Death, and for otherwise amending the Laws relative to Forgery.

67. An Act to alter and amend several Acts for the Improvement of the Roads from London to Holyhead, and from London to Liverpool; and for the further Improvement of the said Roads.

68. An Act for the more effectual Protection of Mail Contractors, Stage Coach Proprietors, and other common Carriers for Hire, against the Loss of or Injury to Parcels or Packages delivered to them for Conveyance or Custody, the Value and Contents of which shall not be declared to them by the Owners thereof.

69. An Act for uniting the Benefits of Jury Trial in Civil Causes with the ordinary Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, and for making certain other Alterations and Reductions in the Judicial Establishments of Scotland.

70. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales.

71. An Act for correcting mistaken References to Acts of His late Majesty in Acts passed during the present Session of Parliament.

72. An Act to allow, before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, Sugar to be delivered Out of Warehouse to be refined.

73. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Sixtieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the more effectual Prevention and Punishment of blasphemous and seditious Libels, as relates to the Sentence of Banishment for the Second Offence; and to provide some further Remedy against the Abuse of publishing Libels.

74. An Act to prevent Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Retford.

75. An Act for the Relief of the Sufferers by the Insolvency of Gilbert Ricketts Esquire, formerly Registrar of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Madras.

