Acts passed in 1831, 1 & 2 William 4 c.1 - c.60.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1831.
---

1. An Act for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for paving, lighting, watching, repairing, and otherwise improving Grosvenor Place, and other Streets therein mentioned, as relates to the Assessment of the Boundary Fence or Wall of the Garden belonging to Buckingham House.

2. An Act to revive and continue expired Commissions, Appointments, Patents, and Grants in Ireland; and to indemnify certain Persons in relation thereto.

3. An Act to indemnify Persons who have acted as Deputy Lieutenants in Scotland without due Qualification.

4. An Act to abolish certain Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in the Customs and Excise Departments of His Majesty's Revenue, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof.

5. An Act to enable His Majesty to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

6. An Act for continuing, until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament.

7. An Act to continue Compositions for Assessed Taxes until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and to grant Relief in certain Cases.

8. An Act to suspend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the making of Lists, and the Ballots and Enrolments, for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

9. An Act to repeal so much of certain Acts as requires certain Oaths to be taken by Members of the House of Commons before the Lord Steward or his Deputies.

10. An Act to reduce the Salary of the Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint.

11. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for supporting the Royal Dignity of the Queen in case She shall survive His Majesty.

12. An Act for ascertaining the Boundaries of the Forest of Dean and for inquiring into the Rights and Privileges claimed by Free Miners of the Hundred of Saint Briavel's, and for other Purposes.

13. An Act to repeal an Act of the Nineteenth Year of King George the Third, for repealing so much of several Acts as prohibit the Growth and Produce of Tobacco in Ireland, and to permit the Importation of Tobacco of the Growth and Produce of that Kingdom into Great Britain.

14. An Act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions six hundred and sixteen thousand four hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

15. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

16. An Act to discontinue or alter the Duties of Customs upon Coals, Slates, Cotton Wool, Barilla, and Wax.

17. An Act to provide for the better Order and Government of Ireland, by Lieutenants for the several Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns therein.

18. An Act for transferring the Duties of Receivers General of the Land and Assessed Taxes to Persons executing the Offices of Inspectors of Taxes, and for making other Provisions for the Receipt and Remittance of the said Taxes.

19. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise and Drawbacks on Candles.

20. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant an annual Sum to Her Royal Highness Victoria Maria Louisa Duchess of Kent, for a more adequate Provision for Her said Royal Highness, and for the honourable Support and Education of Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria of Kent.

21. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts of the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-eighth Years of His Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to Double Assessments of the Land Tax.

22. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Hackney Carriages, and to Waggons, Carts, and Drays, used in the Metropolis; and to place the Collection of the Duties on Hackney Carriages and on Hawkers and Pedlars in England under the Commissioners of Stamps.

23. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing a Fund towards defraying the Charges of the Administration of Justice and Support of the Civil Government within the Province of Quebec in America.

24. An Act to amend several Acts passed for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills and the Advance of Money for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor; and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts.

25. An Act to amend the Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in England, so far as they relate to certain Exemptions from Toll.

26. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, respecting the Audit of the Public Accounts of Ireland; and to appoint the Number of Commissioners competent to grant Quietus to Public Accountants, under an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for consolidating the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland.

27. An Act to enable the Treasurer of the County of Clare to issue his Warrants for the levying of the Presentments made at the Spring Assizes of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

28. An Act to apply the Surplus of Ways and Means and a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

29. An Act to authorize and empower the Commissioners appointed, by an Act of the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for extending to Charing Cross, the Strand, and Places adjacent, the Powers of an Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary-le-bone Park, to make and form a new Street from the Strand to Charles Street, Covent Garden, and to widen the North End of Bow Street into Long Acre; and for other Purposes.

30. An Act to equalize the Duties on Wine.

31. An Act to improve the Administration of Justice in Ireland.

32. An Act to amend the Laws in England relative to Game.

33. An Act for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

34. An Act for appointing Commissioners to continue the Enquiries concerning Charities in England and Wales for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

35. An Act to explain and amend an Act for regulating the Receipt and future Appropriation of Fees and Emoluments receivable by Officers of the Superior Courts of Common Law.

36. An Act to repeal several Acts and Parts of Acts prohibiting the Payment of Wages in Goods, or otherwise than in the current Coin of the Realm.

37. An Act to prohibit the Payment, in certain Trades, of Wages in Goods, or otherwise than in the current Coin of the Realm.

38. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the Acts for building and promoting the budding of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

39. An Act to repeal the Laws relating to Apprentices and other young Persons employed in Cotton Factories and in Cotton Mills, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof.

40. An Act to repeal so much of an Act for the Management of the Customs as allows certain Fees to be taken by Officers of the Customs; and to make further Regulations in respect thereof.

41. An Act for amending the Laws relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace.

42. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for the Relief and Employment of the Poor.

43. An Act for amending and making more effectual the Laws concerning Turnpike Roads in Scotland.

44. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent and punish tumultuous Risings of Persons within this Kingdom, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

45. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for confirming and perpetuating Augmentations made by Ecclesiastical Persons to small Vicarages and Curacies; and for other Purposes.

46. An Act to allow the Importation of Lumber, and of Fish and Provisions, Duty-free, into the Islands of Barbadoes and Saint Vincent; and to indemnify the Governors and others for having permitted the Importation of those Articles Duty-free.

47. An Act to revive, for One Year, Three Acts made in the Forty-seventh and Fiftieth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the preventing improper Persons from having Arms in Ireland, and to indemnify such Persons as may have acted in the Execution of and pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts since the Expiration thereof.

48. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fifth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Public Hospitals in Ireland.

49. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in Ireland in the Fourth Year of King George the First, for the better regulating the Town of Galway, and for strengthening the Protestant Interest therein, as limits the Franchise created by the said Act to Protestants only.

50. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to make a Conveyance of Fresh Wharf in the City of London.

51. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making Provision for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland, for the Purpose of the more equally levying of the Rates and Charges upon the same.

52. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the Fifty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, to provide for the more speedy Examination, controuling, and finally auditing the Military Accounts of Ireland.

53. An Act to regulate the Payment of the Duties on Hops.

54. An Act to apply the Sum of One million eight hundred thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

55. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for suppressing the illicit making of Malt and Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

56. An Act to establish a Court in Bankruptcy.

57. An Act to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to sink, embank, and remove Obstructions in Rivers.

58. An Act to enable Courts of Law to give Relief against adverse Claims made upon Persons having no Interest in the Subject of such Claims.

59. An Act to enable Churchwardens and Overseers to inclose Land belonging to the Crown for the Benefit of poor Persons residing in the Parish in which such Crown Land is situated.

60. An Act for the better Regulation of Vestries, and for the Appointment of Auditors of Accounts, in certain Parishes of England and Wales.

