Acts passed in 1831, 1 William 4 c.1 - c.27.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1831.
---

1. An act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

2. An act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria, Daughter of His late Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of her Person.

3. An act to amend an Act of the last Session, for the better Administration of Justice, so far as relates to the Essoign and General Return Days of each Term, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; and to declare the Law with regard to the Duration of the Terms in certain Cases.

4. An act to render valid Acts done by the Governor of any of His Majesty's Plantations after the Expiration of his Commission by the Demise of His late Majesty, and to extend the Period within which the Patents of Governors of Colonies shall on any future Demise of the Crown become vacant, and to provide for the longer Duration of the Patents of Governors after the Demise of the Crown.

5. An act to apply the Sum of One million eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

6. An act to continue for the Term of Six Calendar Months all such Commissions, Appointments, Grants, or Patents of Offices or Employments, Civil or Military, as were in force at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and as have not been superseded, determined, or made void during the Reign of His present Majesty.

7. An act for the more speedy Judgment and Execution in Actions brought in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Law as to Judgement on a Cognovit actionem in Cases of Bankruptcy.

8. An act for enabling His Majesty to appoint a Postmaster General for the United, Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

9. An act to apply the Sum of Five Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

10. An act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

11. An act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

12. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

13. An act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum.

14. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

15. An act fer punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

16. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

17. An act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Printed Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs.

18. An act to explain and amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, as far as regards the Settlement of the Poor by the renting and Occupation of Tenements.

19. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof.

20. An act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Lands holden in Free and Common Soccage in the Province of Lower Canada.

21. An act to improve the Proceedings in Prohibition and on Writs of Mandamus.

22. An act to enable Courts of Law to order the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories and otherwise.

23. An act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for The Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

24. An act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty, to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad.

25. An act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

26. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their annual Certificates.

27. An act for enabling His Majesty's Postmaster General to sell the Premises lately used as the Post Office in Lombard Street, Abchurch Lane, and Sherborne Lane, in the City of London.

