Acts passed in 1832, 2 & 3 William 4 c.1 - c.127.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1832.
---

1. An act for uniting the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Works and Public Buildings with the Office of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues; and for other Purposes relating to the Land Revenues.

2. An act to provide for the taking in and Payment of outstanding Lottery Tickets.

3. An act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenue of the Crown for the Completion of the Repair and Improvement of Buckingham Palace.

4. An act for more effectually preventing Embezzlements by Persons employed in the Public Service of His Majesty.

5. An act to provide for carrying on the Business of the Court of Session in Scotland when interrupted by the Death or necessary Absence of any of the Judges thereof.

6. An act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

7. An act for the Relief of His Majesty's Subjects in Ireland being Protestants of the Established Church, and to repeal an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to remove some Doubts respecting Persons in Office taking the Sacramental Test.

8. An act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

9. An act to amend Two Acts passed in the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals and for preventing contagious Diseases in Ireland.

10. An act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in England.

11. An act for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland.

12. An act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

13. An act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, as provides for the applotting and levying of Presentments off the Baronies of Saint Sepulchres and Donore in a Manner different from that provided for the other Baronies of the County of Dublin.

14. An act to authorize the Payment out of the Consolidated Fund of a Sum of Money towards the Erection of certain Revenue Buildings at Liverpool.

15. An act to enable His Majesty's Postmaster General to extend the Accommodation by Post, and to regulate the Privilege of Franking, in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office.

16. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws regulating the granting and issuing of Permits for the Removal of Goods under the Laws of Excise.

17. An act to repeal an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act to amend the Law of Ireland respecting the Assignment and Subletting of Lands and Tenements; and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof.

18. An act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

19. An act for continuing an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

20. An act to provide for the Sale, Manufacture, and Consumption of Tobacco grown in Ireland before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

21. An act to repeal several Acts of the Parliament of Ireland imposing Restrictions upon the Coal Trade, and to regulate the same.

22. An act for granting to His Majesty, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

23. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

24. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

25. An act to extend and render more effectual Two Acts of the First and Second and Third Years of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, respecting the Estates thereby vested in the principal Officers of the Ordnance, and to facilitate the public Business in the Ordnance Department.

26. An act to authorize the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain to examine and audit Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of Colonial Revenues.

27. An act for altering and amending an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, for the Prevention, as far as may be possible, of the Disease called the Cholera, or Spasmodic or Indian Cholera, in Scotland.

28. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

29. An act to reduce the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Scotland and Ireland.

30. An act to apply the Sum of Three Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

31. An act to regulate the Baking Trade in Ireland.

32. An act for the Erection of a Nisi Prius Court House in Dublin.

33. An act to effectuate the Service of Process issuing from the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in England and Ireland respectively.

34. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws against Offences relating to the Coin.

35. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

36. An act to allow the Importation of Lumber, and of Fish and Provisions, Duty-free, into the Islands of Barbadoes, Saint Vincent, and Saint Lucia; and to indemnify the Governors and others of those Islands for having permitted the Importation of those Articles Duty-free.

37. An act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, by extending the Time within which pre-existing Societies must conform to the Provisions of that Act.

38. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

39. An act for Uniformity of Process in Personal Actions in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster.

40. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Business of the Civil Departments of the Navy, and to make other Regulations for more effectually carrying on the Duties of the said Departments.

41. An act to facilitate the Recovery of Tithes in certain Cases in Ireland, and for Relief of the Clergy of the Established Church.

42. An act to authorize (in Parishes inclosed under any Act of Parliament) the letting of the Poor Allotments in small Portions to industrious Cottagers.

43. An act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in India.

44. An act to continue for Three Years, and to amend, the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

45. An act to amend the Representation of the People in England and Wales.

46. An act to enable His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint a Trustee of the British Museum.

47. An act for holding the Assizes for the County of Norfolk, and for the City of Norwich and County of the same City, Twice in every Year at Norwich.

48. An act to regulate the Office of Clerk of the Crown in the Court of King's Bench in Ireland.

49. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-seventh Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Offices of Clerks of the Signet and Privy Seal.

50. An act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

51. An act to regulate the Practice and the Fees in the Vice Admiralty Courts Abroad, and to obviate Doubts as to their Jurisdiction.

52. An act to promote the Improvement of a District of Mountain Land in the Counties of Limerick, Cork, and Kerry, in Ireland, by making new Roads through the same, and to encourage the Employment of the poor Inhabitants thereof.

53. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Payment of Army Prize Money.

54. An act for making Provision for the Dispatch of the Business now done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

55. An act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

56. An act to extend the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Three Acts for paving and regulating the Regents Park, and several Streets and Places in Westminster, to certain other Streets and Places in Westminster; and for other Purposes.

57. An act to continue and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for giving additional Facilities in Applications to Courts of Equity regarding the Management of Estates or Funds belonging to Charities; and for making certain Provisions respecting Estates or Funds belonging to Charities.

58. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso; and to explain certain Parts thereof.

59. An act to transfer the Management of certain Annuities on Lives from the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer to the Management of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and to amend an Act for enabling the said Commissioners to grant Life Annuities and Annuities for Terms of Years.

60. An act for holding the Assizes for the King's County in Ireland, Twice in every Year, at Tullamoore, instead of Philips-town.

61. An act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament for building and promoting the building of additional Churches in populous Parishes.

62. An act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases, and substituting a lesser Punishment in lieu thereof.

63. An act to enable Peers of Scotland to take and subscribe in Ireland the Oaths required for qualifying them to vote in any Election of the Peers of Scotland.

64. An act to settle and describe the Divisions of Counties, and the Limits of Cities and Boroughs, in England and Wales, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

65. An act to amend the Representation of the People in Scotland.

66. An act to provide for the Conveyance of Premises, the Property of the Crown, situate between the Tower of London and London Bridge.

67. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to the Union of Parishes in Ireland.

68. An act for the more effectual Prevention of Trespasses upon Property by Persons in pursuit of Game in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

69. An act to prevent the Application of Corporate Property to the Purposes of Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

70. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

71. An act for shortening the Time of Prescription in certain Cases.

72. An act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relative to Remedies against the Hundred.

73. An act to amend Two Acts, of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland.

74. An act to permit the Distillation of Spirits from Mangel Wurzel.

75. An act for regulating Schools of Anatomy.

76. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three.

77. An act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland.

78. An act to continue certain Acts relating to the Island of Newfoundland, and to provide for the Appropriation of all Duties which may hereafter be raised within the said Island.

79. An act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, an Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty relating to the Fisheries in Newfoundland.

80. An act to authorize the identifying of Lands and other Possessions of certain Ecclesiastical and Collegiate Corporations.

81. An act to enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His said Majesty and the Emperor of all the Russias.

82. An act to reduce the Duties now payable in certain Cases on Carriages with less than Four Wheels.

83. An act to authorize for One Year the Removal of Prisoners from the several Gaols in Ireland, in Cases of epidemic Diseases.

84. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

85. An act to make a better Provision for the Superintendence of Charitable Institutions in Ireland maintained in the whole or in part by Grand Jury Presentments; and for the more effectual Audit of the Accounts of the same.

86. An act to amend an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, relating to Post Roads in Ireland.

87. An act to regulate the Office for registering Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills in Ireland.

88. An act to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland.

89. An act to settle and describe the Limits of Cities, Towns, and Boroughs in Ireland, in so far as respects the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

90. An act to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to grant Compensation to the Inspectors and Coal Meters of the City of Dublin, and to impose a Rate upon Coals imported into the Port of Dublin to provide a Fund for such Compensation.

91. An act to explain Doubts that have arisen respecting the Stamp Duty payable by Freemen of Corporations entitled by virtue of Trade and Residence in the Corporate Towns and Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland.

92. An act for transferring the Powers of the High Court of Delegates, both in Ecclesiastical and Maritime Causes, to His Majesty in Council.

93. An act for enforcing the Process upon Contempts in the Courts Ecclesiastical of England and Ireland.

94. An act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions eight hundred and ninety-six thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

95. An act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

96. An act for the better Employment of Labourers in Agricultural Parishes until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

97. An act to repeal several Acts for enabling the Wives and Families of Soldiers, and the Widows and Families of deceased Soldiers, to return to their Homes.

98. An act for regulating the protesting for Nonpayment of Bills of Exchange drawn payable at a Place not being the Place of the Residence of the Drawee or Drawees of the same.

99. An act for transferring the Powers and Duties of the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain.

100. An act for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes.

101. An act to authorize His Majesty to appoint a Person to act as Sheriff of Selkirkshire during the Incapacity of the present Sheriff.

102. An act to repeal the Excise Duties on Flint Glass, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to amend the Laws relating to Glass.

103. An act to provide for the Examination and Audit of the Customs and Excise Revenues in Scotland.

104. An act to regulate the Period of rendering the Public Accounts and making up the General Imprest Certificates.

105. An act for the better Support of the Dignity of the Speaker of the House of Commons; and for disabling the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being from holding any Office or Place of Profit, during Pleasure, under the Crown.

106. An act to enable the Officers in His Majesty's Army, and their Representatives, and the Widows of Officers, and Persons on the Compassionate List, and also Civil Officers on Retired or Superannuation Allowances payable by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, to draw for and receive their Half Pay and Allowances.

107. An act for regulating for Three Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

108. An act for amending the Laws in Ireland relative to the Appointment of Special Constables, and for the better Preservation of the Peace.

109. An act for settling and securing Annuities on the Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton and on his next Heir Male, in consideration of the eminent Services of the said Right Honourable Charles Manners Sutton.

110. An act for the better Regulation of the Duties to be performed by the Officers on the Plea or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer.

111. An act to abolish certain Sinecure Offices connected with the Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the Lord High Chancellor on his Retirement from Office.

112. An act to authorize the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland being placed under the Management of the Commissioners of the Land Revenues.

113. An act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, Compositions for the Assessed Taxes, and to grant Relief in certain Cases.

114. An act to amend the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

115. An act for the better securing the Charitable Donations and Bequests of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain professing the Roman Catholic Religion.

116. An act to provide for the Salaries of certain High and Judicial Officers, and of Payments heretofore made out of the Civil List Revenues.

117. An act to amend the Law relating to the Appointment of Justices of the Peace, and of Juries, in the East Indies.

118. An act to restrain for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland.

119. An act to amend Three Acts passed respectively in the Fourth, Fifth, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, providing for the establishing of Compositions for Tithes in Ireland; and to make such Compositions permanent.

120. An act to repeal the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps on Stage Carriages and on Horses let for Hire in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to consolidate and amend the Laws relating thereto.

121. An act to enable His Majesty to carry into effect a Convention made between His Majesty and the King of the French and Emperor of all the Russias, and the King of Bavaria.

122. An act for making Provision for the Lord High Chancellor of England in lieu of Fees heretofore received by him.

123. An act for abolishing the Punishment of Death in certain Cases of Forgery.

124. An act to explain certain Provisions in Local Acts of Parliament relating to Double Toll on Turnpike Roads.

125. An act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, for the Purposes and in the Manner therein mentioned; and for giving Relief to Trinidad, British Guiana, and St. Lucie.

126. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

127. An act for appointing additional Commissioners to put in execution the Acts for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, and continuing the Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions.

