Acts passed in 1834, 4 & 5 William 4 c.1 - c.96.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1834.
---

1. An act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Labour of Children and young Persons in the Mills and Factories of the United Kingdom.

2. An act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

3. An act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

4. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

5. An act for continuing to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

6. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

7. An act to repeal, at the Period within mentioned, so much of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to alter certain Rates of Postage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge several Provisions in an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in other Acts relating to the Revenue of the Post Office, as authorizes the taking of certain Rates of Inland Postage within His Majesty's Dominions in North America.

8. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session, for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries in Ireland.

9. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

10. An act for continuing until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire with the present or the next Session of Parliament.

11. An act for continuing to His Majesty until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five certain Duties on Offices and Pensions, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four; and to appropriate any Sums arising from the Redemption of the Land Tax.

12. An act to apply a Sum of Seven Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

13. An act to repeal so much of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Prevention of Smuggling, as authorizes Magistrates to sentence Persons convicted of certain Offences to serve His Majesty in His Naval Service, and to alter and amend the said Act.

14. An act to repeal so much of several Acts as authorizes the issuing any Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Encouragement of the raising or dressing Hemp or Flax.

15. An act to regulate the Office of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster.

16. An act to abolish the Office of Recorder of the Great Roll or Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer in Scotland.

17. An act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill for preventing Bribery and Corruption and illegal Practices in the Election of Members to serve m Parliament for the Borough of Warwick.

18. An act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Bill to exclude the Freemen of Liverpool from voting at the Election of Members of Parliament for that Borough.

19. An act to repeal certain Duties on Inhabited Dwelling Houses.

20. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, to regulate the Conveyance and Sale of Fish at First Hand.

21. An act for amending certain Provisions of an Act of the Thirty-sixth of George the Third, for regulating the buying and selling of Hay and Straw.

22. An act to amend an Act of the Eleventh Year of King George the Second, respecting the Apportionment of Rents, Annuities, and other periodical Payments.

23. An act for the Amendment of the Law relative to the Escheat and Forfeiture of Real and Personal Property holden in Trust.

24. An act to alter, amend, and consolidate the Laws for regulating the Pensions, Compensations, and Allowances to be made to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service.

25. An act to alter and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for amending and consolidating the Laws relating to the Pay of the Royal Navy.

26. An act to abolish the Practice of hanging the Bodies of Criminals in Chains.

27. An act for the better Administration of Justice in certain Boroughs and Franchises.

28. An act to amend the Laws relative to Marriages celebrated by Roman Catholic Priests and Ministers not of the Established Church, in Scotland.

29. An act for facilitating the Loan of Money upon Landed Securities in Ireland.

50. An act to facilitate the Exchange of Lands lying in Common Fields.

51. An act for transferring certain Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum into Annuities of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annumy and for providing for paying off the Persons who may dissent to such Transfer.

32. An act for reducing the Tonnage Rates payable in the Port of London.

33. An act to repeal so much of several Acts as requires Deposits to be made upon Teas sold at the Sales of the East India Company.

34. An act to repeal the Laws relating to the Contribution out of Merchant Seamen's Wages towards the Support of the Royal Naval Hospital at Greenwich, and for supplying other Funds in lieu thereof.

35. An act for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices, and for the safer Construction of Chimneys and Flues.

36. An act for establishing a new Court for the Trial of Offences committed in the Metropolis and Parts adjoining.

37. An act to prohibit any further Lotteries under an Act passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of Glasgow.

38. An act to continue, under certain Modifications, to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five an Act of the Third Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Suppression of local Disturbances and dangerous Associations in Ireland.

39. An act to give Costs in Actions of Quare impedit.

40. An act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

41. An act to regulate the Appointment of Ministers to Churches in Scotland erected by voluntary Contribution.

42. An act to facilitate the taking of Affidavits and Affirmations in the Court of the Vice-Warden of the Stannaries of Cornwall.

43. An act to authorize Persons duly appointed to act as Justices of the Peace in the Islands of Scilly, although not qualified according to Law.

44. An act to regulate the Conveyance of printed Newspapers by Post between the United Kingdom, the British Colonies, and Foreign Parts.

45. An act to amend an Act of the present Session, for altering and consolidating the Laws for regulating the Pensions and Allowances to Persons in respect of their having held Civil Offices in His Majesty's Service.

46. An act to amend an Act passed in the Fifty-eighth Year of King George the Third, for establishing Fever Hospitals, and to make other Regulations for Relief of the suffering Poor, and for preventing the Increase of Infectious Fevers, in Ireland.

47. An act for preventing the Interference of the Spring Assizes with the April Quarter Sessions.

48. An act to regulate the Expenditure of County Rates and Funds in aid thereof.

49. An act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, relating to Weights and Measures.

50. An act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for amending the Irish Road Acts.

51. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Collection and Management of the Revenue of Excise.

52. An act to amend an Act of the Twentieth Year of His Majesty King George the Second, for the Relief and Support of sick, maimed, and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain, or drowned in the Merchant Service; and for other Purposes.

53. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, several Acts relating to the Importation and keeping of Arms and Gunpowder in Ireland.

54. An act to continue for Five Years, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and to amend, the Acts for authorizing a Composition for Assessed Taxes.

55. An act to amend Three Acts, made respectively in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and in the First and Second Years and in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the uniform Valuation of Lands and Tenements in the several Baronies, Parishes, and other Divisions of Counties in Ireland; and to provide for the more effectual Levy of Grand Jury Cess.

56. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Acts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

57. An act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Almanacks and Directories, and to give other Relief with relation to the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

58. An act for raising the Sum of Fourteen millions three hundred and eighty-four thousand seven hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four.

59. An act to extend the Term of an Act of the First and Second Years of His present Majesty, for ascertaining the Boundaries of the Forest of Dean, and for inquiring into the Rights and Privileges claimed by Free Miners of the Hundred of Saint Briavel's, to the Twenty-first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

60. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes, and to consolidate the Boards of Stamps and Taxes.

61. An act for the more effectually providing for the Erection of certain Bridges in Ireland.

62. An act for improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

63. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland, and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

64. An act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

65. An act for the more effectual Administration of Justice at Norfolk Island.

66. An act for empowering the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to pay the Net Proceeds of the Tolls of the Menai and Conway Bridges into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, to the Account of the Consolidated Fund.

67. An act for abolishing Capital Punishment in case of returning from Transportation.

68. An act to authorize an Advance out of the General Fund of Monies belonging to the Suitors of the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in Ireland, towards the purchasing of Ground, and building thereon Offices necessary to the Courts of Justice in Dublin.

69. An act for placing the Mumbles Head Lighthouse in the County of Glamorgan under the Management of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond.

70. An act to regulate the Salaries of the Officers of the House of Commons, and to abolish the Sinecure Offices of Principal Committee Clerks and Clerks of Ingrossments. 269.

71. An act to repeal certain Provisions of Two Acts of His Majesty King George the Third, affecting the Printers, Publishers, and Proprietors of Newspapers in Ireland.

72. An act to amend several Acts for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries and Employment of the Poor; and to authorize a further Issue of Exchequer Bills for the Purposes of the said Acts.

73. An act to grant Relief from the Duties of Assessed Taxes in certain Cases.

74. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

75. An act to repeal the Duties on Spirits made in Ireland, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof; and to impose additional Duties on Licences to Retailers of Spirits in the United Kingdom.

76. An act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Poor in England and Wales.

77. An act for repealing the Duties on Starch, Stone Bottles, Sweets or Made Wines, Mead or Metheglin, and on Scaleboard made from Wood.

78. An act for the Amendment of the Proceedings and Practice of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

79. An act to amend the Law relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

80. An act to provide for the Repayment to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England of One Fourth Part of the Debt due from the Public to the said Company, in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament.

81. An act to amend an Act of the Third Year of King George the Fourth, for regulating Turnpike Roads in England, so far as the same relates to the Weights to be carried upon Waggons with Springs.

82. An act to amend and extend an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, to effectuate the Service of Process issuing from the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer in England and Ireland.

83. An act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An act for shortening the Time required in Claims of Modus Decimandi, or Exemption from or Discharge of Tithes.

84. An act to apply a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Grants to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

85. An act to amend an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, to permit the general Sale of Beer and Cider by Retail in England.

86. An act to explain certain Provisions in an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty, to provide for the Election of Magistrates and Councillors for the several Burghs and Towns of Scotland which now return or contribute to return Members to Parliament, and are not Royal Burghs.

87. An act to explain certain Provisions of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, to alter and amend the Laws for the Election of the Magistrates and Councils of the Royal Burghs in Scotland.

88. An act for the more effectual Registration of Persons entitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament in Scotland.

89. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

90. An act to amend an Act made in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An act to alter and amend the Laws relating to the Temporalities of the Church of Ireland.

91. An act to continue for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads which will expire during the present or before the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend the several Acts regulating the Post Roads, in Ireland.

92. An act for the Abolition of Fines and Recoveries, and for the Substitution of more simple Modes of Assurance, in Ireland.

93. An act to amend the Laws relating to Appeals against summary Convictions before Justices of the Peace in Ireland.

94. An act to enable His Majesty to invest trading and other Companies with the Powers necessary for the due Conduct of their Affairs, and for the Security of the Rights and Interests of their Creditors.

95. An act to empower His Majesty to erect South Australia into a British Province or Provinces, and to provide for the Colonization and Government thereof.

96. An act to enable the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex to make a new Sewer at Bayswater in the County of Middlesex.

