Public Acts passed in 1835, 5 & 6 William 4 c.1 - c.84.
From Statutes of the United Kingdom, 1835.
---

1. An act to explain an Act of the First Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales, so far as relates to the Execution of Criminals in the County of Chester.

2. An act to amend an Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of King George the Third, for preventing the Mischiefs arising from the printing and publishing Newspapers, and Papers of a like Nature, by Persons not known, and for regulating the Printing and Publication of such Papers in other respects; and to discontinue certain Actions commenced under the Provisions of the said Act.

3. An act to apply certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

4. An act for raising the Sum of Fifteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

5. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An act to indemnify the Governor General and other Persons in respect of certain Acts done in the Administration of the Government of the British Territories in the East Indies subsequent to the Twenty-second Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-four, and to make those Acts valid.

7. An act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

8. An act for the more effectual Abolition of Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in various Departments of the State, and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof; and for the more entire Suppression of voluntary and extra-judicial Oaths and Affidavits.

9. An act to apply a Sum of Eight Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

10. An act to allow, until the Twenty-eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, the Importation of certain Articles, Duty-free, into the Island of Dominica, and to indemnify the Governor and others for having permitted the Importation of such Articles Duty-free.

11. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty six; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

12. An act for continuing to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

13. An act to regulate the Importation of Corn into the Isle of Man.

14. An act to continue to the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

15. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in certain Manufactures.

16. An act for altering and amending the Law regarding Commitments by Courts of Equity for Contempts, and the taking Bills pro Confesso, in Ireland.

17. An act to extend to Ireland certain Provisions of an Act made and passed in the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Property belonging to Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, and Persons of unsound Mind.

18. An act to exempt Carriages carrying Manure from Toll.

19. An act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to the Merchant Seamen of the United Kingdom, and for forming and maintaining a Register of all the Men engaged in that Service.

20. An act to consolidate certain Offices in the Collection of the Revenues of Stamps and Taxes, and to amend the Laws relating thereto.

21. An act to amend and alter an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for vesting in Commissioners the Line of Road from Shrewsbury in the County of Salop to Bangor Ferry in the County of Carnarvon; and for discharging the Trustees under several Acts of the Seventeenth, Twenty eighth, Thirty-sixth, Forty-first, Forty-second, Forty-seventh, and Fiftieth Years of His then present Majesty, from the future Repair and Maintenance thereof, and for repealing so much of the said Acts as affects the said Line of Road.

22. An act to continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, Two Acts of the Second and Third Year and the Third and Fourth Year of His present Majesty, relating to the Care and Treatment of Insane Persons in England.

23. An act for the Establishment of Loan Societies in England and Wales; and to extend the Provisions of the Friendly Societies Acts to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Man.

24. An act for the Encouragement of the voluntary Enlistment of Seamen, and to make Regulations for more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy.

25. An act to extend the Accommodation by the Post to and from Foreign Parts, and for other Purposes relating to the Post Office.

26. An act for the Appointment of convenient Places for the holding of Assizes in Ireland.

27. An act to continue and amend certain Regulations for the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland.

28. An act for removing Doubts as to the Declaration to be made and Oaths to be taken by Persons appointed to the Office of Sheriff of any City or Town, being a County of itself.

29. An act for investing in Government Securities a Portion of the Cash lying unemployed in the Bank of England belonging to Bankrupts Estates, and applying the Interest thereon in discharge of the Expences of the Court of Bankruptcy, and for the Relief of the Suitors in the said Court; and for removing Doubts as to the Extent of the Powers of the Court of Review and of the Subdivision Courts.

30. An act for protecting the Revenues of vacant Ecclesiastical Dignities, Prebends, Canonries, and Benefices without Cure of Souls, and for preventing the Lapse thereof, during the pending Inquiries respecting the State of the Established Church in England and Wales.

31. An act to give Effect and Validity to certain Contracts and Presentments for repairing and keeping in repair certain Public Roads in Ireland and the Sureties entered into for the Execution thereof.

32. An act to impose certain Duties on Tea.

33. An act for preventing the vexatious Removal of Indictments into the Court of King's Bench; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth Year of King William and Queen Mary, for preventing Delays at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to other Indictments; and for extending the Provisions of an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, as to taking Bail in Cases of Felony.

34. An act to amend Two clerical Errors contained in an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith.

35. An act for consolidating the Offices of Paymaster General, Paymaster and Treasurer of Chelsea Hospital, Treasurer of the Navy, and Treasurer of the Ordnance.

36. An act to limit the Time of taking the Poll in Boroughs at contested Elections of Members to serve in Parliament to One Day.

37. An act for the further Reduction of the Militia Staff, and to suspend the Ballot for the Militia.

38. An act for effecting greater Uniformity of Practice in the Government of the several Prisons in England and Wales; and for appointing Inspectors of Prisons in Great Britain.

39. An act to exempt certain Retailers of Spirits to a small Amount from the additional Duties on Licences; and to discontinue the Excise Survey on Wine, and the Use of Permits for the Removal thereof.

40. An act to provide for the better Collection of the Duties on Wood the Produce of Places in Europe.

41. An act to amend the Law relating to Securities given for Considerations arising out of gaming, usurious, and certain other illegal Transactions.

42. An act to authorize the granting of Superannuation Allowances to the Commissioners and Officers of the Courts for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

43. An act for enlarging the Powers of Magistrates in the Appointment of Special Constables.

44. An act for raising the Sum of Thirteen millions five hundred twenty-one thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five.

45. An act to carry into further Execution the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty, for compensating Owners of Slaves upon the Abolition of Slavery.

46. An act to amend, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for making Provision for the Dispatch of the Business now done by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

47. An act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of His present Majesty as relates to the Amount of the Salary granted to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery; and to make other Provisions in relation to the said Office.

48. An act for the better Prevention and more speedy Punishment of Offences endangering the Public Peace in Ireland.

49. An act for continuing, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven, the several Acts for regulating the Turnpike Roads in Great Britain which will expire on the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six or with the next Session of Parliament.

50. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Highways in that Part of Great Britain called England.

51. An act for granting Relief to the Island of Dominica; and to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount for the Purposes therein mentioned.

52. An act to authorize the Court of Directors of the East India Company to suspend the Execution of the Provisions of the Act of the Third and Fourth William the Fourth, Chapter Eighty-five, so far as they relate to the Creation of the Government of Agra.

53. An act to repeal an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Carriage of Passengers in Merchant Vessels from the United Kingdom to the British Possessions on the Continent and Islands of North America; and to make further Provision for regulating the Carriage of Passengers from the United Kingdom.

54. An act to render certain Marriages valid, and to alter the Law with respect to certain voidable Marriages.

55. An act for facilitating the Appointment of Sheriffs in Ireland, and the more effectual Audit and passing of their Accounts; and for the more speedy Return and Recovery of Fines, Fees, Forfeitures, Recognizances, Penalties, and Deodands; and to abolish certain Offices in the Court of Exchequer in Ireland; and to amend the Laws relating to Grants in custodiam and Recovery of Debts in Ireland; and to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His present Majesty, for transferring the Powers and Duties of the Commissioners of Public Accounts in Ireland to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain.

56. An act to regulate the Admeasurement of the Tonnage and Burthen of the Merchant Shipping of the United Kingdom.

57. An act to extend to Scotland certain Provisions of an Act of the Ninth Year of His late Majesty, to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks; and to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks in Scotland.

58. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Hereditary Land Revenues of the Crown in Scotland.

59. An act to consolidate and amend the several Laws relating to the eruel and improper Treatment of Animals, and the Mischiefs arising from the driving of Cattle, and to make other Provisions in regard thereto.

60. An act for carrying into effect a Treaty with the King of the French and the King of Sardinia for suppressing the Slave Trade.

61. An act for carrying into effect the Treaty with the King of the French and the King of Denmark for suppressing the Slave Trade.

62. An act to repeal an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the more effectual Abolition of Oaths and Affirmations taken and made in various Departments of the Statey and to substitute Declarations in lieu thereof and for the more entire Suppression of voluntary and extra-judicial Oaths and Affidavits; and to make other Provisions for the Abolition of unnecessary Oaths.

63. An act to repeal an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Year of His present Majesty relating to Weights and Measures, and to make other Provisions instead thereof.

64. An act to alter certain Duties of Stamps and Assessed Taxes, and to regulate the Collection thereof.

65. An act for preventing the Publication of Lectures without Consent.

66. An act to amend the Law relating to the Customs.

67. An act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon.

68. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quarter Masters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six.

69. An act to facilitate the Conveyance of Workhouses and other Property of Parishes and of Incorporations or Unions of Parishes in England and Wales.

70. An act for abolishing, in Scotland, Imprisonment for Civil Debts of small Amount.

71. An act for appointing Commissioners to continue the Inquiries concerning Charities in England and Wales until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-seven.

72. An act for abolishing the Excise Incorporation in Scotland, and for transferring the Funds of the said Incorporation to the Consolidated Fund, and providing for the Payment of the Annuities to the Widows and Orphans of late and present Members of the Incorporation Fund.

73. An act to provide that Persons accused of Forgery in Scotland shall not be entitled to Bail unless in certain Cases.

74. An act for the more easy Recovery of Tithes.

75. An act for the Amendment of the Law as to the tithing of Turnips in certain Cases.

76. An act to provide for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales.

77. An act to repeal the Duty and Drawback on Flint Glass, to impose other Duties and another Drawback in lieu thereof, and to reduce the Drawback on German Sheet Glass exported in Panes; and to repeal the Drawback on unground and unpolished Plate Glass; and to amend the Laws relating to the Duties on Glass.

78. An act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, for amending the Representation of the People in Scotland; and to diminish the Expences there.

79. An act to suspend, until after the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, Proceedings for recovering Payment of certain Instalments of the Money advanced under the Acts for establishing Tithe Compositions in Ireland.

80. An act to apply a Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

81. An act for abolishing Capital Punishments in Cases of Letter Stealing and Sacrilege.

82. An act to abolish certain Offices connected with Fines and Recoveries and the Cursitors in the Court of Chancery, and to make Provision for the Abolition of certain Offices in the Superior Courts of Common Law in England.

83. An act to amend the Law touching Letters Patent for Inventions.

84. An act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland to raise Money by Presentment for the Construction, Enlargement, or Repair of Piers and Quays.

