Acts passed in 1839, 2 & 3 Victoria c.1 - c.97
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1839.
---

1. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Year of Her present Majesty for the more effectual Relief of the destitute Poor in Ireland.

2. An act to apply the Sum of Two Millions to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

3. An act to authorize the immediate Distribution of a Portion of the Fund applicable to the Relief of Persons entitled to certain Arrears of Tithe Compositions under an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to abolish Compositions for Tithes in Ireland and to substitute Rent-charges in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes.

4. An act to alter the Powers of jointuring contained in several Acts for purchasing and providing a Residence and Estates for the Duke of Wellington, and to settle certain Articles to go as Heirlooms with the said Estates.

5. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

6. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

7. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

8. An act for raising the Sum of Thirteen Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

9. An act for repealing Part of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for suspending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Appointment to certain Dignities and Offices in Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, and to Sinecure Rectories.

10. An act for enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to purchase certain Houses and Ground, for the Enlargement of the Museum, and making a suitable Access thereto.

11. An act for the better Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis pendens, and Fiats in Bankruptcy.

12. An act to amend an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of King George the Third, for the more effectual Suppression of Societies established for seditious and treasonable Purposes, and for preventing treasonable and seditious Practices, and to put an End to certain Proceedings now pending under the said Act.

13. An act for extending the Copyright of Designs for Calico Printing to Designs for printing other woven Fabrics.

14. An act for removing Doubts as to the Appointment of a Dean of Exeter or of any other Cathedral Church.

15. An act to provide for the more effectual Execution of the Office of a Justice of the Peace within and adjoining to the District called The Staffordshire Potteries, and for Purposes connected therewith.

16. An act for improving the Practice and Proceedings of the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham and Sadberge.

17. An act to secure to Proprietors of Designs for Articles of Manufacture the Copyright of such Designs for a limited Time.

18. An act to enable Archbishops and Bishops to raise Money on Mortgage of their Sees, for the Purpose of building and otherwise providing fit Houses for their Residence.

19. An act to amend an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for consolidating the Laws relating to the Presentment of Public Money by Grand Juries in Ireland, so as to enable the Grand Jury of the County of Waterford to make Presentments on account of the Fever Hospital of the said County, although situate in the County of the City of Waterford.

20. An act to authorize the Application of Part of the Land Revenues of the Crown for the Erection of Stables and Stable Offices contiguous to Windsor Castle.

21. An act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

22. An act to enable Justices of Assize on their Circuits to take Inquisition of all Pleas in the Court of Exchequer of Pleas which shall be brought before them without a Special Commission for that Purpose.

23. An act to consolidate and amend the Laws for collecting and securing the Duties of Excise on Paper made in the United Kingdom.

24. An act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Bricks, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof, and to consolidate and amend the Laws for collecting and paying the said Duties and Drawbacks.

25. An act to remove Doubts as to the charging certain of the Duties of Excise on Glass.

26. An act to provide for the Enactment of certain Laws in the Island of Jamaica.

27. An act for regulating the Proceedings in the Borough Courts of England and Wales.

28. An act for more equally assessing and levying Watch Rates in certain Boroughs.

29. An act for the better Protection of Parties dealing with Persons liable to the Bankrupt Laws.

30. An act for apportioning the Spiritual Services of Parishes in which Two or more Spiritual Persons have Cure of Souls generally throughout the Parish.

31. An act to continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Local Turnpike Acts in England and Wales which expire with this or the ensuing Session of Parliament.

32. An act to continue, until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

33. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty; and for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors in certain Cases.

34. An act to confirm certain Rules and Orders of the Supreme Courts of Judicature at Fort William and Madras; and to empower the same Courts, and the Supreme Court of Judicature of Bombay, to make Rules and Orders concerning Pleadings.

35. An act to continue, for One Year, Compositions for Assessed Taxes, and to alter the Period for the Expiration of Game Certificates, and for granting Licences to deal in Game.

36. An act to regulate the Duties to be performed by the Judges in the Supreme Courts of Scotland, and to increase the Salaries of certain of the said Judges.

37. An act to amend, and extend until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, the Provisions of an Act of the First Year of Her present Majesty for exempting certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

38. An act to amend the Jurisdiction for the Trial of Election Petitions.

39. An act to amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for abolishing Arrest on Mesne Process in Civil Actions except in certain Cases, for extending the Remedies of Creditors against the Property of Debtors, and for amending the Laws for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in England.

40. An act for procuring Returns relative to the Highways and Turnpike Roads in England and Wales.

41. An act for regulating the Sequestration of the Estates of Bankrupts in Scotland.

42. An act to improve Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland.

43. An act to suspend until the End of the next Session of Parliament the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

44. An act to prevent, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Ships clearing out from a British North American Port loading any Part of their Cargo of Timber upon Deck.

45. An act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth relating to Highways.

46. An act to authorize the Trustees of Turnpike Roads to reduce the Scale of Tolls payable for Overweight.

47. An act for further improving the Police in and near the Metropolis.

48. An act to amend Two Acts, of the Third and Fourth and Fourth and Fifth Years of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the Laws relative to Jurors and Juries in Ireland.

49. An act to make better Provision for the Assignment of Ecclesiastical Districts to Churches or Chapels augmented by the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne; and for other Purposes.

50. An act to extend and amend the Provisions of the Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland; and for the Recovery of Public Monies advanced for the Use of Counties, Parishes, and other Districts in Ireland on the Faith of Grand Jury Presentments and Parochial Assessments.

51. An act to regulate the Payment and Assignment in certain Cases of Pensions granted for Service in Her Majesty's Army, Navy, Royal Marines, and Ordnance.

52. An act for the further Regulation of the Duties on Postage until the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty.

53. An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for making temporary Provision for the Government of Lower Canada.

54. An act to amend the Law relating to the Custody of Infants.

55. An act to suspend, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, certain Cathedral and other Ecclesiastical Preferments, and the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses upon the existing Ecclesiastical Courts.

56. An act for the better ordering of Prisons.

57. An act to continue, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate Execution by Orders in Council any Treaties for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

58. An act to make further Provision for the Administration of Justice, and for improving the Practice and Proceedings in the Courts of the Stannaries of Cornwall; and for the Prevention of Frauds by Workmen employed in Mines within the County of Cornwall.

59. An act for taking away the Exemption, except in certain Cases, of Officers of the Militia to serve as Sheriff.

60. An act to explain and extend the Provisions of an Act passed in the First Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An act for consolidating and amending the Laws for facilitating the Payment of Debts out of Real Estate.

61. An act for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Shannon.

62. An act to explain and amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

63. An act to remove Doubts as to the charging the Duty of Excise on Hard Soap, until the Eleventh Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty.

64. An act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Seijeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty.

65. An act to amend the Mode of assessing the Rogue Money in Scotland, and to extend the Purposes of such Assessment.

66. An act to reduce certain of the Duties now payable on Stage Carriages.

67. An act to amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled An act to amend the Law touching Letters Patent for Inventions.

68. An act to continue, until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, an Act of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, relating to legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies.

69. An act to authorize the Purchase or building of Lodgings for the Judges of Assize on their Circuits.

70. An act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, to provide for the Administration of Justice in New South Wales and Van Diemens Land, and for the more effectual Government thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and to continue the same until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty, and thenceforward to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

71. An act for regulating the Police Courts in the Metropolis.

72. An act for enabling Justices of Assize and Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery, to hold Courts for Counties at large in adjoining Counties of Cities, and Towns, and conversely.

73. An act for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

74. An act to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland.

75. An act for the better Regulation of the Constabulary Force in Ireland.

76. An act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in certain Towns in Ireland until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty.

77. An act for the better Prevention and Punishment of Assaults in Ireland for Five Years.

78. An act to make further Provisions relating to the Police in the District of Dublin Metropolis.

79. An act for the better Prevention of the Sale of Spirits by unlicensed Persons in Ireland.

80. An act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings to raise a Sum of Money for making additional Thoroughfares in the Metropolis.

81. An act to authorize for One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Application of a Portion of the Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads in certain Cases.

82. An act for the better Administration of Justice in detached Parts of Counties.

83. An act to continue the Poor Law Commission until the Fourteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

84. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Assessment and Collection of Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

85. An act to enable Justices of the Peace in Petty Sessions to make Orders for the Support of Bastard Children.

86. An act to amend an Act passed in the Session holden in the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts in Ireland.

87. An act for improving the Police in Manchester for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

88. An act for improving the Police in Birmingham for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

89. An act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

90. An act for raising the Sum of Twelve millions twenty-six thousand and fifty Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine.

91. An act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-one, an Act of the last Session of Parliament relating to the Bank of Ireland.

92. An act to explain and amend an Act of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, so far as relates to Fines and Penalties levied under the Revenue Laws in Ireland.

93. An act for the Establishment of County and District Constables by the Authority of Justices of the Peace.

94. An act to exempt the Parliamentary Grant to the Heirs of John Duke of Marlborough from the Payment of the Duty of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound.

95. An act for improving the Police in Bolton for Two Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

96. An act to authorize Her Majesty, until Six Months after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, to carry into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the French relative to the Fisheries on the Coasts of the British Islands and of France.

97. An act for funding Exchequer Bills.

