Acts passed in 1842, 5 & 6 Victoria c.1 - c.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes,
---

1. An Act better to provide for the Application to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-one of the Sums granted in the Two last Sessions of Parliament.

2. An Act to enable His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales to make Leases and Grants of Land and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness' Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for the other Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act to confirm an Act of the Legislature of Van Diemen's Land, for authorizing the Levy of certain Duties of Customs and on Spirits.

4. An Act to provide for the Increase of the Number of Bishoprics and Archdeaconries in the West Indies, and to amend the several Acts relating thereto.

5. An Act to continue to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

6. An Act to amend an Act of Her present Majesty for vacating any Presentment for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in Dublin, and any Contract between the Commissioners for rebuilding the said Gaol and the Contractor.

7. An Act to explain the Acts for the better Regulation of certain Apprentices.

8. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

9. An Act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund to a limited Amount for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor; and to amend the Acts authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for the like Purposes.

10. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand and eight hundred forty-three; and for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors in certain Cases.

11. An Act for appointing Commissioners to inquire as to the Issue, Receipt, Circulation, and Possession of certain forged Exchequer Bills.

12. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

13. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

14. An Act to amend the Laws for the Importation of Corn.

15. An Act to impose an additional Duty on Spirits, and to repeal the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only, in Ireland.

16. An Act to continue, until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

17. An Act for preventing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, Ships clearing out from any Port in British North America, or in the Settlement of Honduras, from loading any Part of their Cargo of Timber upon Deck.

18. An Act to explain and amend the Acts regulating the Sale of Parish Property; and to make further Provision for the Discharge of Debts, Liabilities, and Engagements incurred by or on behalf of Parishes.

19. An Act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a new Opening from the Knightsbridge Road into Hyde Park, and a new Opening from High Street, Kensington, into an intended new Road across the Palace Green; and for annexing a Piece of Extra-parochial Ground in the Royal Garden to the respective Parishes of Saint Mary Abbots Kensington and Saint Mary Paddington in several Portions.

20. An Act to extend an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her present Majesty, for enabling Her Majesty's Commissioners of Woods to purchase certain Lands for Fictoria Park.

21. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions one hundred thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

22. An Act for consolidating the Queen's Bench, Fleet, and Marshalsea Prisons, and for regulating the Queen's Prison.

23. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the several Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

24. An Act for improving the Dublin Police.

25. An Act to repeal the present and impose and allow new countervailing Duties and Drawbacks of Excise on Mixtures and Preparations made with Spirits, when removed from or into England, Scotland, or Ireland respectively; and to suspend for a limited Time so much of an Act of the present Session as repeals the Allowance on Spirits made from Malt only in Ireland.

26. An Act to alter and amend the Law relating to Ecclesiastical Houses of Residence.

27. An Act for better enabling Incumbents of Ecclesiastical Benefices to demise the Lands belonging to their Benefices on Farming Leases.

28. An Act to assimilate the Law in Ireland, as to the Punishment of Death, to the Law in England; to abolish the Punishment of Death in certain Cases in Ireland, and to substitute other Punishments in lieu thereof.

29. An Act for establishing a Prison at Pentonville.

30. An Act to provide Regulations for preparing and using Roasted Malt in colouring Beer.

31. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Committee appointed by the House of Commons to inquire "whether corrupt Compromises have been entered into in the Cases of Election Petitions presented from Harwich, Nottingham, Lewes, Penryn, and Falmouth, Bridport, and Reading, for the Purpose of avoiding Investigation into gross Bribery alleged to have been practised at the Elections for the aforesaid Towns, and whether such Bribery has really taken place."

32. An Act for better recording Fines and Recoveries in Wales and Cheshire.

33. An Act to amend and explain so much of Two Acts, of the Sixth and Seventh Years of His late Majesty, and of the First Year of Her present Majesty, as relates to the Execution of Civil Bill Decrees for the Possession of Land in Ireland.

34. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

35. An Act for granting to Her Majesty Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, until the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

36. An Act for regulating the Sale of Waste Land belonging to the Crown in the Australian Colonies.

37. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-four Compositions for Assessed Taxes; and to amend the Laws relating to the Land and Assessed Taxes.

38. An Act to define the Jurisdiction of Justices in General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

39. An Act to amend the Law relating to Advances bona fide made to Agents intrusted with Goods.

40. An Act for carrying into effect the Treaty between Her Majesty and the Argentine Confederation for the Abolition of the Slave Trade.

41. An Act for carrying into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the Republic of Hayti for the more effectual Suppression of the Slave Trade.

42. An Act for better and more effectually carrying into effect Treaties and Conventions with Foreign States for suppressing the Slave Trade.

43. An Act to confirm certain Proceedings which may have been had after the passing of the Act intituled An Act to define the Jurisdiction of Justices in General and Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

44. An Act for the Transfer of Licences and Regulation of Public Houses.

45. An Act to amend the Law of Copyright.

46. An Act to amend an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in Ireland.

47. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

48. An Act to provide for the Relief of the Poor in the Forest of Dean and other Extra-parochial Places in and near the Hundred of Saint Briavel's in the County of Gloucester.

49. An Act to amend the Laws for the Regulation of the Trade of the British Possessions abroad.

50. An Act to continue, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

51. An Act for providing for the further Security and Protection of Her Majesty's Person.

52. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on a Dill to exclude the Borough of Sudbury from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament.

53. An Act to encourage the Establishment of District Courts and Prisons.

54. An Act to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales, and to continue the Officers appointed under the said Acts for a Time to be limited.

55. An Act for the better Regulation of Railways, and for the Conveyance of Troops.

56. An Act for further amending the Laws relating to the Customs.

57. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Poor Law Commission; and for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to tins Poor in England.

58. An Act for further suspending, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses, so for as it affects the existing Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions.

59. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three an Act for authorising Her Majesty to carry into immediate Execution, by Orders in Council, any Treaties for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

60. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three certain Turnpike Acts.

61. An Act to provide for the better Government of South Australia.

62. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fourth Year of Her present Maiesty, for enabling the Commissioners of Wide Streets to sell, and Her Majesty to purchase, certain Hereditaments in the City of Dublin, on the North Bank of the River Anna Liffey.

63. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three an Act for carrying into effect a Convention between Her Majesty and the King of the French relative to the Fisheries on the Coasts of the British Islands and of France.

64. An Act for regulating the Priorities of Monies authorized to be charged on a Fund called "The London Bridge Approaches Fund."

65. An Act to divide the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester into Ecclesiastical Districts.

66. An Act for further regulating the Preparation and Issue of Exchequer Bills.

67. An Act for the better regulating the Number of Prisoners admitted to the General Prison at Perth.

68. An Act to amend, and continue to the Twenty-seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, for the more effectual Prevention of Frauds and Abuses committed by Weavers, Sewers, and other Persons employed in the Linen, Hempen, Union, Cotton, Silk, and Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, and for the better Payment of their Wages.

69. An Act for perpetuating Testimony in certain Cases.

70. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Payment of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital.

71. An Act to establish Military Savings Banks.

72. An Act to suspend until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-three the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

73. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, an Act for amending the Law for the Trial of controverted Elections.

74. An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty, "to amend the Representation of the People of Ireland," in respect of the Right of Voting in the University of Dublin.

75. An Act to remove Doubts touching the Law relating to Charitable Pawn or Deposit Offices in Ireland.

76. An Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

77. An Act to enable Grand Juries at the ensuing Summer and Spring Assizes to make certain Presentments in Counties of Cities and Towns in Ireland; and to remove Doubts as to the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace in Places recently annexed to Counties at large in Ireland.

78. An Act for effecting an Exchange between Her Majesty and the Provost and College of Eton.

79. An Act to repeal the Duties payable on Stage Carriages and on Passengers conveyed upon Railways, and certain other Stamp Duties in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; and also to amend the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties.

80. An Act to grant Relief from the Duties of Assessed Taxes in certain Cases, and to provide for the assessing and charging the Property Tax on Dividends payable out of the Revenue of Foreign States.

81. An Act to transfer the Collection and Management of the Duties on Certificates to kill Game in Ireland to the Commissioners of Excise.

82. An Act to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

83. An Act to abolish the Court of Saint Briavel's, and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Saint Briavel's in the County of Gloucester.

84. An Act to alter and amend the Practice and Course of Proceeding under Commissions in the Nature of Writs De lunatico inquirendo.

85. An Act to amend the Law relative to legal Proceedings by certain Joint Stock Banking Companies against their own Members, and by such Members against the Companies.

86. An Act for abolishing certain Offices on the Revenue Side of the Court of Exchequer in England, and for regulating the Office of Her Majesty's Remembrancer in that Court.

87. An Act to amend and continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Laws relating to Houses licensed by the Metropolitan Commissioners and Justices of the Peace for the Reception of Insane Persons, and for the Inspection of County Asylums and Public Hospitals for the Reception of Insane Persons.

88. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to the End of the then, next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements, in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

89. An Act to promote the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland.

90. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases tp Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-three.

91. An Act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her Majesty, for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

92. An Act to permit, until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, Wheat to be delivered from the Warehouse or the Vessel Duty-free, upon the previous Substitution of an equivalent Quantity of Flour or Biscuit in the Warehouse.

93. An Act to amend an Act of the Fourth Year of Her present Majesty, to discontinue the Excise Survey on Tobacco, and to provide other Regulations in lieu thereof.

94. An Act to Consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Services of the Ordnance Department, and the vesting and Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for those Services, and for the Defence and Security of the Realm.

95. An Act for consolidating the Four Courts Marshalsea, Dublin, Sheriffs Prison, Dublin, and City Marshalsea, Dublin, and for regulating the Four Courts Marshalsea in Ireland.

96. An Act to alter the Number and define the Boundaries of the several Baronies of the County of Dublin.

97. An Act to amend the Law relating to Double Costs, Notices of Action, Limitations of Actions, and Pleas of the General Issue, under certain Acts of Parliament.

98. An Act to amend the Laws concerning Prisons.

99. An Act to prohibit the Employment of Women and  Girls in Mines and Collieries, to regulate the employment of Boys, and to make other Provisions relating to Persons working therein.

100. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to the Copyright of Designs for ornamenting Articles of Manufacture.

101. An Act for extending to the Governors and Officers of the East India Company the Powers given by an Act of King George the Fourth to Her Majesty's Governors and Officers for the more effectual Suppression of the Importation of Slaves into India by Sea.

102. An Act for the better Discovery and Prevention of Bribery and treating at the Election of Members of Parliament.

103. An Act for abolishing certain Offices  of the High Court of Chancery in England.

104. An Act to explain and amend certain Enactments contained respectively in the Acts for the Regulation of Municipal Corporations in England and Wales and in Ireland.

105. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years Of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, to empower Landed Proprietors in Ireland to sink, embank, and remove Obstructions in Rivers.

106. An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries.

107. An Act for regulating the Carriage of Passengers in Merchant Vessels.

108. An Act for enabling Ecclesiastical Corporations, aggregate and sole, to grant Leases for long Terms of Years.

109. An Act for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables.

110. An Act to annex the County of the City of Coventry to Warwickshire, and to define the Boundary of the City of Coventry.

111. An Act to confirm the Incorporation of certain Boroughs, and to indemnify such Persons as have sustained Loss thereby.

112. An Act for suspending, until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-three, Appointments to certain Ecclesiastical Preferments in the Dioceses of Saint Asaph and Bangor, and for securing certain Property to the said Sees.

113. An Act for Confirmation of certain Marriages in Ireland.

114. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, for the Suppression of the Slave Trade, as relates to Portugueze Vessels.

115. An Act for raising the Sum of Nine millions one hundred and ninety-three thousand Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two.

116. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

117. An Act to amend and continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-two the Acts regulating the Police of Manchester, Birmingham, and Bolton.

118. An Act for guaranteeing the Payment of the Interest on a Loan of One million five Hundred thousand Founds to be raised by the Province of Canada.

119. An Act to enable Her Majesty to grant Furlough Allowances to the Bishops of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay who shall return to Europe for a limited Period after residing in India a sufficient Time to entitle them to the highest Scale of Pension.

120. An Act for amending the Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland.

121. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-two, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

122. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Bankruptcy.

123. An Act for amending until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Law relating to private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

