Acts passed in 1844, 7 & 8 Victoria c.1 - c.113.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1844.
---

1. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her present Majesty, empowering the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to raise Money for certain Improvements in the Metropolis, on the Security of the Land Revenues of the Crown within the County of Middlesex and City of London.

2. An Act for the more speedy Trial of Offences committed on the High Seas.

3. An Act to stay Proceedings for Three Calendar Months, and till the End of the present Session of Parliament, in certain Actions under the Provisions of several Statutes for the Prevention of excessive Gaming, and to prevent any Proceedings being taken under those Statutes during such limited Time.

4. An Act for transferring Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities One thousand eight hundred and eighteen into Annuities of Three Pounds Five Shillings per Centum per Annum and New Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities.

5. An Act for transferring certain Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum and Government Debentures into Annuities of Three Pounds Five Shillings per Centum per Annum and New Three Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities.

6. An Act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four.

7. An Act to indemnify Witnesses who may give Evidence during this Session before either House of Parliament touching Gaming Transactions.

8. An Act to facilitate the Recovery, by summary Process, of small Sums due to the Teachers of Schools in Ireland.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

10. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

11. An Act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

12. An Act to amend the Law relating to International Copyright.

13. An Act to extend until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Time within which Conveyances may be made on behalf of the Crown of, and Disputes settled with regard to, Encroachments in the Forest of Dean.

14. An Act for raising the Sum of Eighteen millions four hundred and seven thousand three hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four.

15. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Labour in Factories.

16. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

17. An Act for giving additional Powers to the Commissioners for the Relief of certain of Her Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in the West Indies.

18. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Power of appointing, convening, and confirming the Sentences of Courts-martial in the East Indies.

19. An Act for regulating the Bailiffs of Inferior Courts.

20. An Act to amend an Act of the First and Second Years of Her present Majesty, for securing the Debt due by the City of Edinburgh to the Public.

21. An Act to reduce the Stamp Duties on Policies of Sea Insurance and on certain other Instruments, and to repeal the Duties on certain Bonds, and the Law requiring Public Notaries in Ireland to deliver Accounts of Bills and Notes noted by them.

22. An Act to amend the Laws now in force for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the marking of Gold and Silver Wares in England.

23. An Act to continue for Five Years an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, for the better Prevention and Punishment of Assaults in Ireland.

24. An Act for abolishing the Offences of forestalling, regrating, and engrossing, and for repealing certain Statutes passed in restraint of Trade.

25. An Act to repeal the Duty of Excise on Vinegar, and to make the Duties and Drawbacks now payable on Flint Glass the same as on Bottle Glass.

26. An Act for authorizing Her Majesty to carry into immediate Execution, by Orders in Council, any Treaties for the Suppression of the Slave Trade.

27. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for extending to Ireland the Provisions not already in force there of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Fourth, intituled "An Act for the Limitation of Actions and Suits relating to Real Property, and for simplifying the Remedies for trying the Rights thereto;" and to explain and amend the said Act.

28. An Act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four.

29. An Act to extend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, for the more effectual Prevention of Persons going armed by Night for the Destruction of Game.

30. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Fifty-third Year of King George the Third, for the Appointment of a Stipendiary Magistrate to act within the Townships of Manchester and Salford.

31. An Act for the warehousing of Foreign Goods for Home Consumption at the Borough of Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

32. An Act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes, and for giving to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England certain Privileges for a limited Period.

33. An Act for facilitating the Collection of County Rates, and for relieving High Constables from Attendance at Quarter Sessions in certain Cases, and from certain other Duties.

34. An Act to amend and continue until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Law with respect to Prisons and Prison Discipline in Scotland.

35. An Act to suspend until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

36. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

37. An Act to secure the Terms on which Grants are made by Her Majesty out of the Parliamentary Grant for the Education of the Poor; and to explain the Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty, for the Conveyance of Sites for Schools.

38. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Charitable Loan Societies in Ireland.

39. An Act to exempt from the Payment of Property Tax the Dividends on certain Annuities of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum payable for the Quarter of the Year ending the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-four.

40. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

41. An Act to continue until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts.

42. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, Two Acts relating to the Removal of poor Persons born in Scotland and Ireland, and chargeable to Parishes in England.

43. An Act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs in the Isle of Man.

44. An Act to facilitate the disjoining or dividing of extensive or populous Parishes, and the erecting of new Parishes, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland.

45. An Act for the Regulation of Suits relating to Meeting Houses and other Property held for religious Purposes by Persons dissenting from the United Church of England and Ireland.

46. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, Compositions for Assessed Taxes; and to amend certain Laws relating to Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes.

47. An Act to amend and continue for Five Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, certain Acts relating to Linen, Hempen, and other Manufactures in Ireland.

48. An Act to repeal certain Acts for regulating the Trade in Butter and Cheese.

49. An Act for the better Regulation of Colonial Posts.

50. An Act to extend the Powers of the Act for encouraging the Establishment of District Courts and Prisons.

51. An Act to continue, until the End of the Session of Parliament next after the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, certain of the Allowances of the Duty of Excise on Soap used in Manufactures.

52. An Act to extend the Powers of the Act for the Appointment and Payment of Parish Constables.

53. An Act for Disfranchisement of the Borough of Sudbury.

54. An Act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

55. An Act to amend and explain the Acts for the Commutation of certain Manorial Rights in respect of Lands of Copyhold and Customary Tenure, and in respect of other Lands subject to such Rights; and for facilitating the Enfranchisement of such Lands, and for the Improvement of such Tenure.

56. An Act concerning Banns and Marriages in certain District Churches or Chapels.

57. An Act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

58. An Act further to stay, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, Proceedings in certain Actions under the Provisions of several Statutes for the Prevention of excessive Gaming; and to prevent any similar Proceedings being taken under those Statutes during such further limited Time.

59. An Act for better regulating the Offices of Lecturers and Parish Clerks.

60. An Act to provide for the Care and Preservation of Trafalgar Square in the City of Westminster.

61. An Act to annex detached Parts of Counties to the Counties in which they are situated.

62. An Act to amend the Law as to burning Farm Buildings.

63. An Act to continue until, the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and forty-five an Act of the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty, for restraining for Five Years, in certain Cases, Party Processions in Ireland.

64. An Act to provide for paying off such of the Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities and Government Debentures which are to be paid off under Two Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament.

65. An Act to enable the Council of His Royal Highness Albert Edward Prince of Wales to sell and exchange Lands and enfranchise Copyholds, Parcel of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall, to purchase other Lands; and for other Purposes.

66. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Aliens.

67. An Act to transfer the Collection of the Duty on Licences to let Horses for Hire in Ireland from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners of Excise.

68. An Act to suspend, until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, the Operation of the new Arrangement of Dioceses, so far as it affects the existing Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions, and for obtaining Returns from and the Inspection of the Registries of such Jurisdictions.

69. An Act for amending an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council; and to extend its Jurisdiction and Powers.

70. An Act for facilitating Arrangements between Debtors and Creditors.

71. An Act for the better Administration of Criminal Justice in Middlesex.

72. An Act to clear up Doubts as to the Regulation and Audit of the Accounts of the Customs in New South Wales.

73. An Act to reduce, under certain Circumstances, the Duties payable upon Books and Engravings.

74. An Act to explain and amend the Act for the Government of New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land.

75. An Act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-five the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

76. An Act to simplify the Transfer of Property.

77. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of His late Majesty as relates to the Salary of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery; and to make other Provisions in respect of the said Office.

78. An Act to continue for One Year an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland.

79. An Act to appoint additional Commissioners for executing the Acts for granting a Land Tax and other Rates and Taxes.

80. An Act for completing the Guarantee Fund of the South Sea Company, for advancing for the Public Service Part of the unclaimed Stock and Dividends in the Hands of the said Company, and for regulating the Allowance to be paid for the Management or the South Sea Stock and Annuities.

81. An Act for Marriages in Ireland; and for registering such Marriages.

82. An Act to continue for Five Years so much of an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, as enables Justices to grant Warrants for entering Places in which Spirits are sold without Licence in Ireland.

83. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Savings Banks, and to the Purchase of Government Annuities through the Medium of Savings Banks.

84. An Act for regulating the Construction and the Use of Buildings in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood.

85. An Act to attach certain Conditions to the Construction of future Railways authorized or to be authorized by any Act of the present or succeeding Sessions of Parliament; and for other Purposes in relation to Railways.

86. An Act for the Relief of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors who have omitted to enrol their Contracts; and for amending the Law relating to the Enrolment of such Contracts, and to the Disabilities of such Clerks, in certain Cases.

87. An Act to amend the Law for regulating Places kept for slaughtering Horses.

88. An Act to widen and improve Piccadilly in the City of Westminster.

89. An Act for auditing the Accounts of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, Forests, Land Revenues, Works, and Buildings.

90. An Act for the Protection of Purchasers against Judgments, Crown Debts, Lis Pendens, and Commissions of Bankruptcy; and for providing One Office for the registering of all Judgments in and for amending the Laws in Ireland respecting Bankrupts and the Limitation of Actions.

91. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws relating to Turnpike Trusts in South Wales.

92. An Act to amend the Law respecting the Office of County Coroner.

93. An Act to enable Barristers appointed to arbitrate between Counties and Boroughs to submit a Special Case to the Superior Courts.

94. An Act to explain and amend an Act for making better Provision for the Spiritual Care of populous Parishes.

95. An Act to amend an Act of the Ninth Year of King George the Fourth, for the Preservation of the Salmon Fisheries in Scotland.

96. An Act to amend the Law of Insolvency, Bankruptcy, and Execution.

97. An Act for the more effectual Application of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland.

98. An Act to enable the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to accept a certain Sum of Money in satisfaction of their Mortgage on the Branch Canals communicating with the Grand Canal in Ireland.

99. An Act to extend the Time limited by an Act passed in the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her present Majesty, empowering the Commissioners for the Issue of Exchequer Bills for Public Works to complete the Works for improving the Navigation and Harbour of Tralee in the County of Kerry.

100. An Act to supply an Omission in an Act of the Sixth and Seventh Years of Her present Majesty, for amending $nd continuing the Laws in Ireland relative to the registering of Arms, and the Importation, Manufacture, and Sale of Arms, Gunpowder, and Ammunition.

101. An Act for the further Amendment of the Laws relating to the Poor in England.

102. An Act to repeal certain Penal Enactments made against Her Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects.

103. An Act to amend the Law for the Trial of controverted Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

104. An Act to apply a Sum out of the Consolidated Fund and certain other Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-four, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

105. An Act to confirm and enfranchise the Estates of the Conventionary Tenants of the ancient Assessionable Manors of the Duchy of Cornwall, and to quiet Titles within the County of Cornwall as against the Duchy; and for other Purposes.

106. An Act to consolidate and amend the Laws for the Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin.

107. An Act to regulate and reduce the Expences of the Offices attached to the Superior Courts of Law in Ireland payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

108. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Irish Fisheries; and to empower the Constabulary Force to enforce certain Provisions respecting the Irish Fisheries.

109. An Act to indemnify Persons connected with Art Unions, and others, against certain Penalties.

110. An Act for the Registration, Incorporation, and Regulation of Joint Stock Companies.

111. An Act for facilitating the winding up the Affairs of Joint Stock Companies unable to meet their pecuniary Engagements.

112. An Act to amend and consolidate the Laws relating to Merchant Seamen; and for keeping a Register of Seamen.

113. An Act to regulate Joint Stock Banks in England.

