Acts passed in 1845, 8 & 9 Victoria, c.1 - c.130.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1845.
---

1. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

2. An act to continue for Three Years the Stamp Duties granted by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, to assimilate the Stamp Duties in Great Britain and Ireland, and to make Regulations for collecting and managing the same, until the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

3. An act for the Appointment of Constables or other Officers for keeping the Peace near Public Works in Scotland.

4. An act to continue for Three Years the'Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

5. An act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom.

6. An act to repeal the Duties and Laws of Excise on Glass.

7. An act to repeal the Duties of Customs due upon the Exportation of certain Goods from the United Kingdom.

8. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

9. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

10. An act to make certain Provisions for Proceedings in Bastardy.

11. An act for assigning Sheriffs in Wales.

12. An act to alter and amend certain Duties of Customs.

13. An act to repeal the Duties of Excise on Sugar manufactured in the United Kingdom, and to impose other Duties in lieu thereof.

14. An act to exempt Ships carrying Passengers to North America from the Obligation of having on board a Physician, Surgeon, or Apothecary.

15. An act to repeal the Duties of Excise on Sales by Auction, and to impose a new Duty on the Licence to be taken out by all Auctioneers in the United Kingdom.

16. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts with respect to the Constitution of Companies incorporated for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature.

17. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts with respect to the Constitution of Companies incorporated for carrying on Undertakings of a public Nature in Scotland.

18. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts authorizing the taking of Lands for Undertakings of a public Nature.

19. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts authorizing the taking of Lanas for Undertakings of a public Nature in Scotland.

20. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts authorizing the making of Railways.

21. An act to amend an Act of the Fifty-third of George the Third, for appointing a Stipendiary Magistrate for the Townships of Manchester and Salford; and to provide a Stipendiary Magistrate for the Division of Manchester.

22. An act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital to widen and improve Fisher Lane in Greenwich; and for other Purposes connected with the Estates of the said Commissioners.

23. An act for raising the Sum of Nine millions three hundred and seventy-nine thousand six hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

24. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-six.

25. An act to amend Two Acts passed in Ireland for the better Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for the better Government of the College established at Maynooth for the Education of such Persons, and also an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom for amending the said Two Acts.

26. An act to prevent fishing for Trout or other Fresh-water Fish by Nets in the Rivers and Waters in Scotland.

27. An act to amend the Act to establish Military Savings Bank.

28. An act to empower Canal Companies and the Commissioners of Navigable Rivers to vary their Tolls, Rates, and Charges on different Parts of their Navigations.

29. An act to regulate the Labour of Children, young Persons, and Women, in Print Works.

30. An act to amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An act for the better Administration of Justice in His Majesty's Privy Council.

31. An act to facilitate the Transmission and Extinction of Heritable Securities for Debt in Scotland.

32. An act to alter and amend the Laws enabling Justices of the Peace in certain Cases to borrow Money on Mortgage of the County Rates, so far as the same relate to the County of Middlesex.

33. An act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts authorizing the making of Railways in Scotland.

34. An act for abolishing the separate Seal Office of the Courts of Queen's Bench and Common Pleas.

35. An act to amplify the Form and diminish the Expence of obtaining Infeftment in Heritable Property in Scotland.

36. An act to continue for Five Years and to amend the Acts for authorizing a Composition for Assessed Taxes.

37. An act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Ireland, and to regulate the Repayment of certain Sums advanced by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Public Service.

38. An act to regulate the Issue of Bank Notes in Scotland.

31. An act to amend the Law of Arrestment of Wages in Scotland.

40. An act for amending an Act for making Provision for Parish Schoolmasters in Scotland

41. An act for amending the Laws concerning Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in Scotland, and the making and maintaining thereof by Statute Service, and by the Conversion of Statute Service into Money.

42. An act to enable Canal Companies to become Carriers of Goods upon their Canals.

43. An act for encouraging the Establishment of Museums in large Towns.

44. An act for the better Protection of Works of Art, and Scientific and Literary Collections.

45. An act to make perpetual and amend an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for preventing Ships clearing out from any Port in British North America or in the Settlement of Honduras from loading any Part of their Cargo of Timber upon Deck.

46. An act for the Appointment of additional Constables for keeping the Peace near Public Works in Ireland.

47. An act for the further Prevention of the Offence of Dog Stealing.

48. An act to substitute a Declaration for an Oath in Cases of Bankruptcy.

49. An act to settle an Annuity on Sir Henry Pottinger Baronet in consideration of his eminent Services.

50. An act to facilitate the Recovery of Loans made by the West India Relief Commissioners.

51. An act to enable Archbishops and Bishops in Ireland to charge their Sees with the Costs incurred by them in defence of their Rights of Patronage, in certain Cases; and also to enable Tenants for Life and other Persons having limited Interests in Estates in Ireland to charge said Estates with the Costs incurred by them in asserting their Rights to Ecclesiastical Patronage, in certain Cases.

52. An act for the Relief of Persons of the Jewish Religion elected to Municipal Offices.

53. An act to continue to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Turnpike Acts.

54. An act to amend the Laws in force in Ireland for Unions and Divisions of Parishes; for the Settlement of the Patronage thereof, and the Celebration of Marriages in the same.

55. An act to continue for Two Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to amend, an Act of the Second and Third Years of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to extend and render more effectual for Five Years an Act passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty George the Fourth, to amend an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty George the Third, for preventing the administering and taking unlawful Oaths in Ireland.

56. An act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Third and Fourth Year of the Reign of Her present Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled An act to enable the Owners of Settled Estates to defray the Expences of draining the same by way of Mortgage.

57. An act to extend the Indemnity of Members of Art Unions against certain Penalties.

58. An act to suspend until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-six the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

59. An act to continue to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

60. An act to continue to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

61. An act to make certain further Provisions for the Consolidation of Turnpike Trusts in South Wales.

62. An act to make further Provisions as to Stock and Dividends unclaimed.

63. An act to facilitate the Completion of a Geological Survey of Great Britain and Ireland, under the Direction of the First Commissioner for the Time being of Her Majesty's Woods and Works.

64. An act to amend certain Regulations respecting the Retail of Spirits in Ireland.

65. An act to determine the countervailing Duties payable on Spirits of the Nature of plain British Spirits, the Manufacture of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, or Sark, imported into the United Kingdom; and to prohibit the Importation of rectified or compound Spirits from the said Islands.

66. An act to enable Her Majesty to endow new Colleges for the Advancement of Learning in Ireland.

67. An act for making further Regulations for more effectually securing the Correctness of the Jurors Books in Ireland.

68. An act to stay Execution of Judgment for Misdemeanors upon giving Bail in Error.

69. An act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland.

70. An act for the further Amendment of the Church Building Acts.

71. An act to extend certain Provisions in the Act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Highways in England.

72. An act to render it unnecessary to keep up Rothwell Gaol, in the Honor of Pontefract in the West Riding of the County of York.

73. An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods and Works to apply certain Monies now in their Hands towards discharging the Incumbrances affecting the Shrewsbury and Holyhead Road.

74. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of King William the Fourth, for preventing the advertising of Foreign and other illegal Lotteries; and to discontinue certain Actions commenced under the Provisions of the said Act.

75. An act to amend an Act passed in the Session of Parliament held in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of Her present Majesty, intituled An act to amend the Law respecting defamatory Words and Libel.

76. An act to increase the Stamp Duty on Licences to Appraisers; to reduce the Stamp Duties on Registry Searches in Ireland; to amend the Law relating to the Duties on Legacies; and also to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Issue of Bank Notes in England.

77. An act to make further Regulations respecting the Tickets of Work to be delivered to Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hosiery, in certain Cases.

78. An act to provide for the Payment of Compensation Allowances to certain Persons connected with the Courts of Law in England, for Loss of Fees and Emoluments.

79. An act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

80. An act for regulating the Criminal Jurisdiction of Assistant Barristers as to certain Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland.

81. An act to amend an Act of the last Session, for consolidating and amending the Laws for the Regulation of Grand Jury Presentments in the County of Dublin.

82. An act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-six the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeon's Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

83. An act for the Amendment and better Administration of the Laws relating to the Relief of the Poor in Scotland.

84. An act to repeal the several Laws relating to the Customs.

85. An act for the Management of the Customs.

86. An act for the general Regulation of the Customs.

87. An act for the Prevention of Smuggling.

88. An act for the Encouragement of British Shipping and Navigation.

89. An act for the registering of British Vessels.

90. An act for granting Duties of Customs.

91. An act for the warehousing of Goods.

92. An act to grant certain Bounties and Allowances of Customs.

93. An act to regulate the Trade of British Possessions abroad.

94. An act for the regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man.

95. An act to exempt Van Diemen's Land from the Provisions of an Act, intituled An act for regulating the Sale of Waste Land belonging to the Croton in the Australian Colonies.

96. An act to restrict the Powers of selling or leasing Railways contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to such Railways.

97. An act to amend the Law respecting Testamentary Dispositions of Property in the Public Funds, and to authorize the Payment of Dividends on Letters of Attorney in certain Cases.

98. An act for facilitating the winding up the Affairs of Joint Stock Companies in Ireland unable to meet their pecuniary Engagements.

99. An act to amend an Act of the Tenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to the Management and Improvement of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases; and for other Purposes relating to the said Land Revenue.

100. An act for the Regulation of the Care and Treatment of Lunatics.

101. An act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and sixty-two the Acts for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the adjacent Counties; and to alter and amend the said Acts.

102. An act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one an Act for exempting certain Bills of Exchange and Promissory Notes from the Operation of the Laws relating to Usury.

103. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and to amend, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for permitting Wheat to be delivered from the Warehouse or the Vessel Duty-free, upon the previous Substitution of an equivalent Quantity of Flour or Biscuit in the Warehouse.

104. An act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to appropriate to Building Purposes the Area of Darby Court, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster.

105. An act for amending certain Acts of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty, for facilitating the Administration of Justice in the Court of Chancery; and for providing for the Discharge of the Duties of the Subpoena Office after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the present Patentee of that Office.

106. An act to amend the Law of Real Property.

107. An act for the Establishment of a Central Asylum for Insane Persons charged with Offences in Ireland; and to amend the Act relating to the Prevention of Offences by Insane Persons, and the Acts respecting Asylums for the Insane Poor in Ireland; and for appropriating the Lunatic Asylum in the City of Cork to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum.

108. An act for the further Amendment of an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for regulating the Irish Fisheries.

109. An act to amend the Law concerning Games and Wagers.

110. An act for the better collecting Borough and Watch Rates in certain Places.

111. An act to amend the Laws relating to the assessing of County Rates.

112. An act to render the Assignment of satisfied Terms unnecessary.

113. An act to facilitate the Admission in Evidence of certain official and other Documents.

114. An act for the Abolition of certain Fees in Criminal Proceedings.

115. An act for the Appointment of a Taxing Master for the High Court of Chancery in Ireland.

116. An act for the Protection of Seamen entering on board Merchant Ships.

117. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of poor Persons born in Scotland, Ireland, the Islands of Man, Scilly, Jersey, or Guernsey, and chargeable in England.

118. An act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons and Lands held in common, the Exchange of Lands, and the Division of intermixed Lands; to provide Remedies for defective or incomplete Executions, and for the Non-execution of the Powers of general and local Inclosure Acts; and to provide for the Revival of such Powers in certain Cases.

119. An act to facilitate the Conveyance of Real Property.

120. An act for facilitating Execution of the Treaties with France and the United States of America for the Apprehension of certain Offenders.

121. An act to amend and explain certain Provisions of an Act of the Third and Fourth Years of Her present Majesty, for annexing certain Parts of certain Counties of Cities to adjoining Counties, for making further Provision for Compensation of Officers in Boroughs, for limiting the Borough Rate, and for continuing an Act to restrain the Alienation of Corporate Property in Ireland.

122. An act to amend an Act, intituled An act to carry into execution a Convention between His Majesty and the Emperor of Brazil, for the Regulation and final Abolition of the African Slave Trade.

123. An act to authorize until the End of the next Session of Parliament an Alteration of the Annuities and Premiums of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society.

124. An act to facilitate the granting of certain Leases.

125. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland.

126. An act to amend the Laws for the Provision and Regulation of Lunatic Asylums for Counties and Boroughs, and for the Maintenance and Care of Pauper Lunatics, in England.

127. An act for the better securing the Payment of Small Debts.

128. An act to make further Regulations respecting the Tickets of Work to be delivered to Silk Weavers in certain Cases.

129. An act for raising the Sum of Nine millions and twenty-four thousand nine hundred Pounds by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-five.

130. An act to apply the Sum of Ten millions eight hundred sixty-nine thousand two hundred and thirty-nine Pounds One Shilling and Seven-pence out of the Consolidated Fund, and certain other Sums, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-five, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

