Acts passed in 1846, 9 & 10 Victoria c.1 - c.117.
From A Collection of Public General Statutes, 1846.
---

1. An act for the further Amendment of the Acts for the Extension and Promotion of Public Works in Ireland.

2. An act to authorize Grand Juries in Ireland, at the Spring Assizes of the present Year, to appoint Extraordinary Presentment Sessions; to empower such Sessions to make Presentment for County Works, and to provide Funds for the Execution of such Works; and also to provide for the more prompt Payment of Contractors for Works under Grand Jury Presentments in Ireland.

3. An act to encourage the Sea Fisheries of Ireland, by promoting and aiding with Grants of Public Money the Construction of Piers, Harbours, and other Works.

4. An act to amend the Acts for promoting the Drainage of Lands, and Improvement of Navigation and Water Power in connexion with such Drainage, in Ireland; and to afford Facilities for increased Employment for the labouring Classes in Works of Drainage during the present Year.

5. An act to amend an Act for regulating the Construction and Use of Buildings in the Metropolis and its Neighbourhood.

6. An act to make Provision until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, for the Treatment of poor Persons afflicted with Fever in Ireland.

7. An act to apply the Sum of Eight Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six.

8. An act to make further Provisions as to unclaimed Stock and Dividends of the South Sea Company.

9. An act for amending the Act for rendering effective the Services of the Chelsea Out-Pensioners, and extending it to the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich Hospital.

10. An act for regulating the Payment of the Out-Pensioners of Greenwich and Chelsea Hospitals.

11. An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

12. An act for the Regulation of Her Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on shore.

13. An act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to extend the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven.

14. An act to continue until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts relating to Insolvent Debtors in India.

15. An act for raising the Sum of Eighteen millions three hundred and eighty thousand two hundred Pounds by Exchequer Rills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six.

16. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands in pursuance of the Recommendation of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

17. An act for the Abolition of the exclusive Privilege of Trading in Burghs in Scotland.

18. An act to amend Two clerical Errors in an Act of the last Session, for regulating the Labour of Children, young Persons, and Women in Print Works.

19. An act to amend an Act of the Second and Third Years of His late Majesty, by providing additional Booths or Polling Places at Elections in Ireland where the Number of Electors whose Names shall begin with the same Letter of the Alphabet shall exceed a certain Number.

20. An act to amend an Act of the Second Year of Her present Majesty, for providing for the Custody of certain Monies paid, in pursuance of the Standing Orders of either House of Parliament, by Subscribers to Works or Undertakings to be effected under the Authority of Parliament.

21. An act to enable the Right Honourable Henry Viscount Hardingc to receive the full Benefit of an Annuity of Five thousand Pounds granted to him by the East India Company.

22. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Importation of Corn.

23. An act to alter certain Duties of Customs.

24. An act for removing some Defects in the Administration of Criminal Justice.

25. An act for preventing malicious Injuries to Persons and Property by Fire, or by explosive or destructive Substances.

26. An act for abolishing the Office of Superintendent of Convicts under Sentence of Transportation.

27. An act to amend the Laws relating to Friendly Societies.

28. An act to facilitate the Dissolution of certain Railway Companies.

29. An act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom.

30. An act to define the Notice of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Cities, Towns, or Boroughs in Ireland.

31. An act to settle an Annuity on Viscount Hardinge, and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Viscount Hardinge to whom the Title of Viscount Hardinge shall descend, in consideration of his great and brilliant Services.

32. An act to settle an Annuity on Lord Gough and the Two next surviving Heirs Male of the Body of the said Lord Gough to whom the Title of Lord Gough shall descend, in consideration of his important Services.

33. An act to amend the Laws relating to Corresponding Societies and the licensing of Lecture Rooms.

34. An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct a new Street from Spitalfields to Shoreditch.

35. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and forty-eight, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Tenth Year of King George the Fourth, for providing for the Government of His Majesty's Settlements in Western Australia on the Western Coast of New Holland.

36. An act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and to amend, an Act for establishing an Office for the Benefit of Coalwhippers of the Port of London.

37. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Office of Coroner and the Expcnces of Inquests in Ireland.

38. An act to empower the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to form a Royal Park in Battersea Fields in the County of Surrey.

39. An act to enable the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods to construct an Embankment and Roadway on the North Shore of the River Thames from Battersea Bridge to Vauxhall Bridge, and to build a Suspension Bridge over the said River at or near Chelsea Hospital, with suitable Approaches thereto, including a Street from Lower Sloan Street to the Northern Extremity of the Bridge.

40. An act to declare certain Ropeworks not within the Operation of the Factory Acts.

41. An act for granting to Her Majesty, until the Fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom.

42. An act to authorize a Loan from the Consolidated Fund to the New Zealand Company.

43. An act to suspend until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the making of Lists and the Ballots and Enrolments for the Militia of the United Kingdom.

44. An act to remove Doubts as to the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Chester, the Boroughs situate therein, and for the County of the City of Chester.

45. An act to continue until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven certain of the Provisions of an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for amending the Constitution of the Government of Newfoundland.

46. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fifty-one an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of Her present Majesty, for authorizing and facilitating the Completion of a Survey of Great Britain, Berwick-upon-Tweed, and the Isle of Man.

47. An act to apply the Sum of Four Millions out of the Consolidated Fund and the Surplus of Ways and Means, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six.

48. An act for legalizing Art Unions.

49. An act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act for authorizing the Application of Highway Rates to Turnpike Roads.

50. An act to continue until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, the Exemption of Inhabitants of Parishes, Townships, and Villages from Liability to be rated as such, in respect of Stock in Trade or other Property, to the Relief of the Poor.

51. An act to continue certain Turnpike Acts until the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

52. An act to continue to the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Act to amend the Laws relating to Loan Societies.

53. An act to continue the Copyhold Commission until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

54. An act to extend to all Barristers practising in the Superior Courts at Westminster the Privileges of Serjeants at Law in the Court of Common Pleas.

55. An act to defray until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven the Charge of the Pay, Clothing, and contingent and other Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain and Ireland; to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Paymasters, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Assistant Surgeons, Surgeons Mates, and Serjeant Majors of the Militia; and to authorize the Employment of the Non-commissioned Officers.

56. An act to provide Forms of Proceedings under the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and the Duties on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices in England.

57. An act for regulating the Gauge of Railways.

58. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of Her present Majesty, for reducing, under certain Circumstances, the Duties payable upon Books and Engravings.

59. An act to relieve Her Majesty's Subjects from certain Penalties and Disabilities in regard to Religious Opinions.

60. An act to exempt from Stamp Duty Bonds and Warrants to confess Judgment executed by High Constables or Collectors of Grand Jury Cess, or their Sureties, in Ireland.

61. An act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Fourth, for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland.

62. An act to abolish Deodands.

63. An act for granting certain Duties on Sugar and Molasses.

64. An act to enable Courts of Law in Ireland to give Relief against adverse Claims made upon Persons having no Interest in the Subject Matter of such Claims.

65. An act to provide for the more effectual Execution of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and the better Administration of the Police, within the Borough of Wolverhampton and certain Parishes and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, all in the County of Stafford.

66. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Removal of the Poor.

67. An act to remove Doubts concerning Citations, and Services and Execution of Diligence, in Scotland.

68. An act for better enabling the Burial Service to be performed in One Chapel where contiguous Burial Grounds shall have been provided for Two or more Parishes or Places.

69. An act to authorize until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Regulation of the Annuities and Premiums of the Naval Medical Supplemental Fund Society.

70. An act to amend the Act to facilitate the Inclosure and Improvement of Commons.

71. An act to amend an Act of the present Session, intituled An act to authorize Grand Juries in Ireland, at the Spring Assizes of the present Year, to appoint Extraordinary Presentment Sessions; to empower such Sessions to make Presentment for County Works; and to provide Funds for the Execution of such Works; and also to provide for the more prompt Payment of Contractors for Works under Grand Jury Presentments in Ireland.

72. An act to amend the Act for Marriages in Ireland, and for registering such Marriages.

73. An act further to amend the Acts for the Commutation of Tithes in England and Wales.

74. An act to encourage the Establishment of public Baths and Wash-houses.

75. An act to regulate Joint Stock Banks in Scotland and Ireland.

76. An act for the Abolition of the exclusive Privilege of Trading or of regulating Trades in Cities, Towns, or Boroughs in Ireland.

77. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Offices of the House of Commons.

78. An act to authorize a further Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund towards defraying the Expence of County Works presented in Ireland.

79. An act to continue until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament, an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of Her present Majesty, for amending the Law relative to Private Lunatic Asylums in Ireland.

80. An act to authorize the Advance of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor.

81. An act for regulating the Deduction at the Bank of England of Income Tax Duty in respect of certain Offices.

82. An act to amend an Act of the present Session for authorizing a Loan from the Consolidated Fund to the New Zealand Company.

83. An act to empower the Commissioners for the Issue of Loans for Public Works and Fisheries to make Loans in Money to the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Woods, in lieu of Loans heretofore authorized to be made in Exchequer Bills.

84. An act to amend the Law concerning Lunatic Asylums and the Care of Pauper Lunatics in England.

85. An act to authorize the Application of Money for the Purposes of Loans for carrying on Public Works in Ireland.

86. An act to extend and consolidate the Powers hitherto exercised by the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland, and to appoint additional Commissioners.

87. An act for promoting the voluntary Establishment in Boroughs and certain Cities and Towns in Ireland of public Baths and Wash-houses.

88. An act to remove Doubts as to the Legality of certain Assignments of Ecclesiastical Patronage.

89. An act to continue certain Acts for regulating Turnpike Roads in Ireland until the Thirty-first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then Session of Parliament.

90. An act to prevent the Use of Stills by unlicensed Persons.

91. An act to continue certain Patent Commissions until the Exhibition of the Commissions revoking them.

92. An act to provide for the Preparation, Audit, and Presentation to Parliament of annual Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Naval and Military Departments.

93. An act for compensating the Families of Persons killed by Accidents.

94. An act to enable the Legislatures of certain British Possessions to reduce or repeal certain Duties of Customs.

95. An act for the more easy Recovery of Small Debts and Demands in England.

96. An act for the more speedy Removal of certain Nuisances, and to enable the Privy Council to make Regulations for the Prevention of contagious and epidemic Diseases until the Thirty-first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and forty-seven, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

97. An act to provide for removing the Charge of the Constabulary Force in Ireland from the Counties, and for enlarging the Reserve Force; and to make further Provision for the Regulation and Disposition of the said Constabulary Force.

98. An act to amend the Law for regulating the Hours of receiving and delivering Goods and Chattels as Pawns in Pawnbrokers Shops.

99. An act for consolidating and amending the Laws relating to Wreck and Salvage.

100. An act for the Regulation of Steam Navigation, and for requiring Sea-going Vessels to carry Boats.

101. An act to authorize the Advance of Public Money to a limited Amount, to promote the Improvement of Land in Great Britain and Ireland by Works of Drainage.

102. An act to amend the Laws relating to the Customs.

103. An act to make further Provision for the Government of the New Zealand Islands.

104. An act to amend an Act for regulating the Sale of Waste Land belonging to the Crown in the Australian Colonies, and to make further Provision for the Management thereof.

105. An act for constituting Commissioners of Railways.

106. An act for making preliminary Inquiries in certain Cases of Applications for Local Acts.

107. An act to facilitate the Employment of the labouring Poor for a limited Period in the distressed Districts in Ireland.

108. An act to provide additional Funds for Loans and Grants for Public Works in Ireland.

109. An act to authorize a further Issue of Money in aid of Public Works of acknowledged Utility in poor Districts in Ireland.

110. An act to amend the Law relating to the Valuation of rateable Property in Ireland.

111. An act to amend the Law in Ireland as to Ejectments and Distresses, and as to the Occupation of Lands.

112. An act to facilitate and encourage the granting of certain Leases for Terms of Years in Ireland.

113. An act to improve the Proceedings in Prohibition and on Writs of Mandamus in Ireland.

114. An act for the further Amendment of an Act of the Sixth Year of Her present Majesty, for regulating the Irish Fisheries.

115. An act to amend the Laws as to District Lunatic Asylums in Ireland; to provide for the Expence of the Maintenance of certain Lunatic Poor removed from the Richmond Lunatic Asylum, Dublin, for Want of Room therein; and to provide for the Salaries and Expences incident to the Office of Inspector of Lunatics in Ireland.

116. An act to apply the Sum of Eight millions three hundred fifty-six thousand one hundred and seventy-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven-pence out of the Consolidated Fund, and Monies in the Exchequer, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and forty-six, and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

117. An act to authorize the Inclosure of certain Lands pursuant to a special Report of the Inclosure Commissioners for England and Wales.

